Share
Facebook
Twitter
PrintFriendly
Email
Terms and Conditions of Use
Subscription 
and Auto-renewal:
To serve its audience,
and keep up with technology, AL-Bayan proceeded to launch a digital copy
"compatible with the Apple iPad and iPhone - in Newsstand".
Below are details of the
digital copy prices:
6-months subscription for
$8.99, automatically renewed until canceled.
1-year subscription for
$11.99, automatically renewed until canceled.
Non-subscribers for $1.99
(single issue).
• Payment will be charged
to your iTunes account at confirmation of purchase.
• Subscription
automatically renews unless auto-renew is turned off at least 24-hours
before the end of the current period.
• Account will be charged
for renewal within 24hours of the end of the current period, and the cost of
the renewal will be provided.
• Subscriptions may be
managed by the user. Auto-renewal may be turned off by going to the user’s
iTunes Account Settings after purchase.
• No cancellation of the
current subscription is allowed during active subscription period.
*Any unused portion of a
free trial period, if offered, will be forfeited when the user purchases a
subscription to that publication."
- يتم اختصام المبلغ بعد الدفع عبر حسابك في ايتونز.
- الاشتراك يتجدد تلقائيا ما لم يتم إيقاف التجديد التلقائي مسبقاً، على الأقل
قبل 24 ساعة من نهاية الفترة الحالية.
- لا يسمح بإلغاء الاشتراك الحالي خلال
فترة الاشتراك بالموقع.
- يمكن للمشترك أن يعطل الإشتراك التلقائي
عبر الإعدادات
"user's Account Settings".
• Privacy Policy and Terms of Use:
These Terms and Conditions govern the use of the website, applications, mobile downloads, platforms, services and Publications (our “Services”). Please read them carefully.
By using the Services you agree to these Terms and Conditions. If you do not agree to these Terms and Conditions, you must not use the Services.
If you wish to buy and use our Services, you will be asked to give your express consent to these Terms and Conditions.
The full name of our company is Dar Resalat Albayan for Publishing & Distributing. We are registered in Riyadh – Saudi Arabia.. You can contact us by email to
bayan@albayan.co.uk
or
support@albayan.co.uk
. We will not file a copy of these Terms and Conditions specifically in relation to each user or customer and, if we update these Terms and Conditions, the version to which you originally agreed may no longer be available on the website, applications or platform. For this reason, we recommend that users and customers print and file a copy of these Terms and Conditions for future reference. These Terms and Conditions are provided in the English language only.
PART A: TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SALE
This Part A governs the sale and purchase of Services upon the Website or in the Application.
(1) Eligibility to buy Services
You must be 13 years old or older to purchase Services, and must be situated in one of the permitted jurisdictions listed on the website or in the application.
(2) System requirements
Use of the Services requires a compatible device such an iPad, iPod touch or iPhone or similar device, internet access, and certain software, and may require obtaining updates or upgrades from time to time. Because use of the Services involves hardware, software, and internet access, your ability to use the Services may be affected by the performance of these factors. You agree that such requirements are your responsibility.
(3) How to buy Services via the website or through the application
You may purchase the Services by following one of the purchase procedures described on the website or in the application, including the Apple App Store. You will have the opportunity to identify and correct input errors prior to ordering the Services. You agree to provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself when you register or order Services from us, and to promptly update such information to ensure that it remains true, accurate, current and complete.
(4) Description of Services
The Services may consist of:
(a) access to a one or more published issues of a Publication (in accordance with the EULA); and/or
(b) a subscription allowing access to one or more published (or to be published) issues of a Publication (in accordance with the EULA).
(5) Charges and payments
The charges in respect of our Services will be as set out on the website or in the application from time to time. All subscription charges are stated inclusive of any applicable VAT or sales taxes. You must pay to us the charges in respect of Services, in cleared funds, in accordance with the instructions on the website or in the application, in advance of the provision of any Services. We may vary subscription charges from time to time by posting new charges on the website or in the application. However, such variations will not affect Services for which you have already paid.
(6) Access to the service
You will be able to access the Services following receipt of your payment in cleared funds. Where you have subscribed to the Services, the Services will continue to be provided for the relevant subscription period, subject to early termination in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
(7) EU and other distance selling legislation
Consumers within the EU may have a right to cancel contracts for services entered into at a distance under applicable distance selling legislation. The right of cancellation usually commences upon the conclusion of the contract, and continues for a period of 7 working days beginning on the day after the day of the commencement of the contract. However, this cancellation right ceases where the performance of the contract begins with the consumer's agreement before the expiry of that period. You hereby acknowledge and agree that we will make available to you the Services immediately following the conclusion of a contract under these Terms and Conditions, and accordingly you will have no right to cancel such a contract under applicable distance selling legislation. Other jurisdictions may have right to cancel provisions. To the extent that they are applicable, we will comply with those rights in those jurisdictions.
(8) Use of Services and EULA
You must only use our Services in accordance with the terms of the EULA. In addition, Services purchased via the website or in an application may only be used in the permitted jurisdictions specified on the website or in an application.
PART B: EULA
This Part B governs the use of our Services, including where these are purchased through the website, in an application, or elsewhere.
(1) Acceptance of this EULA
By utilizing our Services, either through a website, an application, or otherwise, you agree to the terms of the EULA. If you do not agree to the terms of this EULA, you may not access our Services. If you purchase the Services via the website or in an application, you are agreeing to the terms of this EULA before making the purchase.
(2) License
You may only use the Services for your own private and non-commercial purposes and in accordance with the provisions of this EULA. Subject to the payment by you of the relevant charges in respect of the Services and the other provisions of the EULA, we grant to you a non-exclusive non-transferable license to:
(a) download, install and use the Application on any Permitted Device;
(b) download, install and view, on one (1) Permitted Device only, one (1) instance of each Publication that you have purchased or in respect of which you have purchased a subscription;
(c) , to the extent then available, view each Publication that you have purchased, or in respect of which you have purchased a subscription, upon the website using the website's publication viewing functionality only or through an application; and
(d) share each such Publication in accordance with the sharing rules set out in Section 3 below, in each case subject to the usage rules set out in Section 4 below.
This license (including the sharing rules and usage rules) may be enforced by us using technological protection measures.
(3) Sharing rules
You may share a Publication with another person who has installed the Application on a Permitted Device by means of the sharing function in the Application. While the Publication is shared with another person, you will not have access to Publication. Sharing will continue until the sharing is cancelled by the sharer, or until the period of 30 days expires. If another person shares a Publication with you, you must only use that Publication in accordance with the terms of this EULA, providing that you will have no right to share the Publication. Sharing may be subject to such other limitations and technological protection measures as we may introduce from time to time, and the right to share may be terminated at any time without notice
(4) Usage rules
You may not:
(a) copy or reproduce the Application or any Publication, other than in accordance with the license granted in Section 2;
(b) supply, distribute, redistribute, publish or re-publish the Application or any Publication, other than in accordance with the sharing rules set out in Section 3;
(c) sell, resell, rent, lease or loan the Application or any Publication;
(d) modify, alter, adapt, translate or edit, or create derivative works of, the Application or any Publication;
(e) reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble the Application or any Publication;
(f) use the Application or any Publication, other than in accordance any guidelines for use issued by us from time to time; or
(g) circumvent or remove or attempt to circumvent or remove the technological measures applied to the Application or any Publication for the purposes of preventing unauthorized use,
providing that nothing in this Section 4 will prohibit or restrict you or any other person from doing any act expressly permitted by applicable law. You will not access or attempt to access the Services by any means other than through the application or the website. Save as expressly permitted by the sharing rules, you must not permit any other person to use the Application or any Publication or to exercise any of the other rights granted by us to you under this EULA. All intellectual property rights and other rights in the Application and the Publications are reserved and will remain our property and the property of our licensors. Your use of the Services will be subject to any technical or contractual limitations imposed by Apple in relation to the Services.
(5) Upgrades
You acknowledge that from time to time we may apply upgrades or bug fixes to the Application, without giving you further notice or seeking any further consent. These Terms and Conditions will apply to such upgrades and bug fixes as if they were part of the original Application.
(6) No support
You acknowledge that we do not undertake to provide any support in relation to the Application or the use of the Application.
(7) Accounts and security
As a user of the Services, you will be able to establish an account on the website or through an application. You are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality and security of your account. You should not reveal your account information to anyone else, or use anyone else's account. You are entirely responsible for all activities that occur on or through your account, and you agree to immediately notify us of any unauthorized use of your account or any other breach of security relating to your account. We shall not be responsible for any losses arising out of the unauthorized use of your account (subject to the first paragraph of Part D, Section 3).
(8) Warranties relating to the Services
We will use reasonable care and skill with respect to the provision of the Services to you. However, we do not make any other promises or warranties about the Services and in particular we do not warrant that:
(a) your use of the Services will be uninterrupted or error-free; or
(b) the Services will be free from loss, corruption, attack, viruses, interference, hacking, or other security intrusion,
and, subject to the first paragraph of Part D, Section 3, we disclaim all liability relating thereto. You will be responsible for backing up your own system, including any Application that is stored on your system. You understand that by using any of the Services, you may encounter content that may be explicit, offensive, indecent, or objectionable, which content may or may not be identified as such. Nevertheless, you agree to use the Services at your sole risk and that, subject to the first paragraph of Part D, Section 3, we shall not have any liability to you for content that may be explicit, offensive, indecent, or objectionable.
(9) Export and legal restrictions
You may not use or otherwise export or re-export the Application or any Publication except as authorized by Saudi Arabia law and other applicable laws.
(10) Termination of EULA
Without prejudice to our other rights under these Terms and Conditions, if you breach these Terms and Conditions in any way, or if we reasonably suspect that you have breached these Terms and Conditions in any way, we may terminate the EULA immediately by sending to you written notice of termination (which may be given by electronic transmission). Where we terminate a EULA for this reason, we will not refund to you the charges or any element of the charges you have paid. We may also terminate the EULA in respect of a Publication by immediate written notice where we lose (for whatever reason) the contractual right to continue to distribute the relevant Publication. Where we terminate a EULA on this basis, we will refund to you all subscription charges paid by you to us in respect of any Publications that you had not received as at the date of termination (which amount will be calculated by us using any reasonable methodology), or we may provide equivalent value to you by means of access by you to other publications chosen in our reasonable discretion.
(11) Apple-Required Provisions
As required by Apple, the following terms and provisions apply to any usages by or through the Apple App store, to which you agree:
(a) You acknowledge that we (and not Apple), are solely responsible for our Application and its contents.
(b) Any license to use granted herein is a non-transferable license to use our Application on an iPhone, iTouch or iPad OS product or other authorized device that you own or control and subject to the usage rules set for in the Apple App Store terms of service.
(c) We (and not Apple) are solely responsible for any maintenance and support services (if any) with respect to our Application set forth in this EULA or as required by applicable law.
(d) To the extent that there are any product warranties, express or implied by law, we (and not Apple) are solely responsible for them. In the event of any failure of the Application to conform to any warranty specifically granted herein or by applicable law, you may notify Apple, and Apple may refund the portion of the purchase price applicable to such failure, which refund will satisfy any obligations whatsoever from Apple to you, to the extent permitted by law, including any obligations for any other claims, losses, liabilities, damages, costs or expenses attributable to any failure to conform to any warranty.
(e) To the extent that there is any responsibility to address any of your claims relating to our Application or your possession and/or use of our Application, or claims of third parties, we (and not Apple) are responsible to address such claims. Such potential claims may include, but are not limited to: (i) product liability claims; (ii) any claim that our Application fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement; and (iii) claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation.
(f) In the event of any third party claim that the Application or your possession and use of the Application infringes that third party’s intellectual property rights, we (and not Apple) well be solely responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement and discharge of any such intellectual property infringement claim.
(g) You must comply with applicable third party terms of agreement when using our Application.
(h) You acknowledge that Apple, and Apple’s subsidiaries, are third party beneficiaries of this EULA, and that, upon your acceptance of the terms and conditions of this EULA, Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce this EULA against you and against any third-party beneficiary of yours.
None of the provisions of this Part B(11) will expand any rights that you may have against us, and all rights of indemnity, claims, losses, liabilities, damages, costs, expenses or other claims are subject to applicable law, and to limitations set forth in these Terms and Conditions, including, but not limited to, the terms and limitations set forth in Part D of these Terms and Conditions.
PART C: TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE OF SERVICES
This Part C governs the use of the Services, provided that the license to access the Services via the Website is as set out in the EULA.
1.
License to use Website and Application
Unless otherwise stated, we or our licensors own the intellectual property rights in the website and application and material on the website or accessed through the application. Subject to the license below, all these intellectual property rights are reserved.
You may view pages from the website or through the application, and download pages from the website or through the application for caching purposes only, subject to the restrictions set out below and elsewhere in these Terms and Conditions. You must not:
(a) republish material from this Website or an application (including republication on another website);
(b) sell, rent or sub-license material from the website or an application;
(c) show any material from the website or application in public;
(d) reproduce, duplicate, copy or otherwise exploit material on the website or in an application for a commercial purpose;
(e) edit or otherwise modify any material on the website or in an application; or
(f) redistribute material from the website or in an application.
Where content is specifically made available for redistribution, it may only be redistributed within your organization. Access to certain areas of the website is restricted to subscribers. We reserve the right to restrict access to other areas of the website or any applications, at our discretion.
(2) Acceptable use
Unless you are a subscriber to our Services, you must not access or attempt to access any Services that are restricted to such subscribers. You must not use the Services in any way that causes, or may cause, damage to the website, an application or any other Services or impairment of the availability or accessibility of the website, an application or any other Services; or in any way which is unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful, or in connection with any unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful purpose or activity. You must not use any Services to copy, store, host, transmit, send, use, publish or distribute any material which consists of (or is linked to) any spyware, computer virus, Trojan horse, worm, keystroke logger, rootkit or other malicious computer software. You must not conduct any systematic or automated data collection activities (including scraping, data mining, data extraction and data harvesting) on or in relation to the Services. You must not use any Services to transmit or send unsolicited commercial communications. You must not use the Services for any purposes related to marketing without our express written consent, which consent may be withheld in our absolute discretion.
(3) Your content
In these Terms and Conditions, "your content" means material (including text, images, audio material, video material and audio-visual material) that you submit for publication on the website or in or through an application. Subject to any specific printed agreement between and signed by us and you (which agreement, to the extent applicable, will supersede these Terms and Conditions): You grant to us a worldwide, irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use, reproduce, adapt, publish, translate and distribute your content in any existing or future media; and you also grant to us the right to sub-license these rights, and the right to bring an action for infringement of these rights. Your content must not be illegal or unlawful, must not infringe any third party's legal rights, and must not be capable of giving rise to legal action whether against you or us or a third party (in each case under any applicable law). Your user content (and its publication on the website or through an application) must not:
(a) be libelous or maliciously false;
(b) be obscene or indecent;
(c) infringe any copyright, moral right, database right, trade mark right, design right, right in passing off, or other intellectual property right;
(d) infringe any right of confidence, right of privacy, or right under data protection legislation;
(e) constitute negligent advice or contain any negligent statement;
(f) constitute an incitement to commit a crime;
(g) be in contempt of any court, or in breach of any court order;
(h) be in breach of racial or religious hatred or discrimination legislation;
(i) be blasphemous;
(j) be in breach of official secrets legislation;
(k) be in breach of any contractual obligation owed to any person;
(l) depict violence in a explicit, graphic or gratuitous manner;
(m) be pornographic or sexually explicit;
(n) be untrue, false, inaccurate or misleading;
(o) consist of or contain any instructions, advice or other information which may be acted upon and could, if acted upon, cause illness, injury or death, or any other loss or damage;
(p) constitute spam;
(q) be offensive, deceptive, threatening, abusive, harassing, or menacing, hateful, discriminatory or inflammatory; or
(r) cause annoyance, inconvenience or needless anxiety to any person.
Your user content must be appropriate, civil, tasteful and accord with generally accepted standards of etiquette and behavior on the internet. You must not use the Services to link to any website or web page consisting of or containing material that would, were it posted on the website or through an application, breach the provisions of these Terms and Conditions. You must not submit any user content to the website or through an application that is or has ever been the subject of any threatened or actual legal proceedings or other similar complaint. Subject to the terms of any printed agreements between and signed by us and you, we reserve the right to edit or remove any material submitted to the website, or stored on our servers, or hosted or published upon the website or through our Services. Notwithstanding our rights under these Terms and Conditions in relation to user content, we do not undertake to monitor the submission of such content to, or the publication of such content on, the website or through an application.
(4) Warranties relating to the Services
We do not warrant the completeness or accuracy of the information published on through the Services. You acknowledge that some of the information published through the Services may have been submitted by users, and that we do not usually review, approve or edit such information.
PART D: GENERAL PROVISIONS
(1) Definitions
In these Terms and Conditions:
"
Apple
" means Apple, Inc and related companies;
"
Application
" or “
application
” means any proprietary Dar Resalat Albayan software application enabling the use of Publications or otherwise facilitating use of the Services (and, where the context permits, any part thereof);
"
EULA
" means the end user license agreement set out in Part B of these Terms and Conditions;
"
Permitted
Device
" means an iPhone, iPod Touch, iPad or other device that you own and control specified as a permitted device upon the website or through an application;
"
Publication
" means a book, catalogue, magazine or issue of a magazine, pamphlet or any other publication supplied by us through the Services, for use by means of the Application (and, where the context permits, any part thereof);
"
Services
" means the supply of the website, any application,
mobile downloads, platforms and services and any publications (including both the supply of the Publications via an application and via a website);
"
Terms and Conditions
" means these terms and conditions, including any updates and amendments to them from time to time; and
“
Website
” or “
website
” means any one or more of our websites, as well as the Apple App Store, to the extent that the context requires.
References in these Terms and Conditions to "we" (or "us" or "our") are references to Dar Resalat Albayan; and references to "you" (or "your") are references to the applicable user of the Services or customer for the Services.
(2) Limitation of warranties
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW WE EXCLUDE ALL REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES, TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO THE SERVICES, AND/OR TO THE USE OF THE SERVICES, THAT ARE NOT EXPRESSLY SET OUT IN THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS.
(3) Limitations of liability
NOTHING IN THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS WILL EXCLUDE OR LIMIT OUR LIABILITY FOR FRAUD, FOR DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY CAUSED BY OUR NEGLIGENCE OR FOR ANY OTHER LIABILITY WHICH CANNOT BE EXCLUDED OR LIMITED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW. SUBJECT TO THIS, OUR LIABILITY TO YOU IN RELATION TO THE USE OF THE SERVICES OR UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE, WILL BE LIMITED AS FOLLOWS:
(A) IF YOU HAVE NOT PAID FOR THE SERVICES, WE WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY NATURE;
(B) IF YOU HAVE PAID FOR THE SERVICES, OUR LIABILITY WILL NOT EXCEED THE AMOUNT PAID BY YOU TO US IN RESPECT OF THOSE SERVICES;
(C) WE WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT OR SPECIAL LOSS OR DAMAGE;
(D) WE WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OF PROFIT, INCOME, REVENUE, ANTICIPATED SAVINGS, CONTRACTS, BUSINESS, GOODWILL, REPUTATION, DATA, OR INFORMATION; AND
(E) WE WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE ARISING OUT OF ANY EVENT OR EVENTS BEYOND OUR REASONABLE CONTROL.
YOU ACCEPT THAT WE HAVE AN INTEREST IN LIMITING THE PERSONAL LIABILITY OF OUR OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, AGENTS AND EMPLOYEES. HAVING REGARD TO THAT INTEREST, YOU ACCEPT THAT WE ARE A LIMITED LIABILITY ENTITY AND AGREE THAT YOU WILL NOT BRING ANY CLAIM PERSONALLY AGAINST INDIVIDUAL OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, AGENTS OR EMPLOYEES IN RESPECT OF ANY LOSSES YOU SUFFER IN CONNECTION WITH THE SERVICES, OR THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS. THIS WILL NOT, OF COURSE, LIMIT OR EXCLUDE THE LIABILITY OF THE COMPANY ITSELF FOR THE ACTS AND OMISSIONS OF OUR OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, AGENTS AND EMPLOYEES. YOU AGREE TO THE PUBLICATION ON THE WEBSITE OR THROUGH AN APPLICATION OF MATERIAL RELATING TO YOU. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT SUCH MATERIAL MAY BE CRITICAL OR DEFAMATORY OR MAY OTHERWISE INFRINGE YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS; AND YOU AGREE THAT YOU WILL NOT HOLD US LIABLE IN RESPECT OF ANY SUCH MATERIAL, IRRESPECTIVE OF WHETHER WE ARE AWARE OR OUGHT TO HAVE BEEN AWARE OF SUCH MATERIAL.
(7) Indemnity
YOU HEREBY INDEMNIFY US AND UNDERTAKE TO KEEP US INDEMNIFIED AGAINST ANY AND ALL LOSSES, DAMAGES, COSTS, LIABILITIES AND EXPENSES (INCLUDING LEGAL EXPENSES AND ANY AMOUNTS PAID BY US TO A THIRD PARTY IN SETTLEMENT OF A CLAIM OR DISPUTE ON THE ADVICE OF OUR LEGAL ADVISERS) INCURRED OR SUFFERED BY US ARISING OUT OF ANY BREACH BY YOU OF ANY PROVISION OF THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, OR ARISING OUT OF ANY CLAIM THAT YOU HAVE BREACHED ANY PROVISION OF THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS.
(8) Breaches of these Terms and Conditions
Without prejudice to our other rights under these Terms and Conditions, if you breach these Terms and Conditions in any way, or if we reasonably suspect that you have breached these Terms and Conditions in any way, we may:
(a) send you one or more formal warnings, by electronic transmission or otherwise;
(b) temporarily suspend your access to the Services;
(c) permanently prohibit you from accessing any of the Services;
(d) block computers using your IP address from accessing any of the Services;
(e) contact your internet services provider and request that they block your access to any of the Services;
(f) bring court proceedings against you for breach of contract or otherwise.
Where we suspend or prohibit or block your access to the Srvices or a part of the Services, you must not take any action to circumvent such suspension or prohibition or blocking (including creating and/or using a different account).
(9) Third party websites
The Services may include hyper links to other websites owned and operated by third parties. These links are not recommendations. We have no control over the contents of third party websites, and we accept no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them.
(10) Trade marks
“Dar Resalat Albayan”, our logo, and all derivations or iterations thereof are trademarks or trade names belonging to us. We give no permission for the use of these trademarks, and such use may constitute an infringement of our rights. The other registered and unregistered trademarks or service marks on the website or in any application are the property of their respective owners. Unless stated otherwise, we do not endorse and are not affiliated with any of the holders of any such rights and as such we cannot grant any license to exercise such rights.
(11) Variation
We may revise these Terms and Conditions from time-to-time. Revised Terms and Conditions will apply to the use of the Services from the date of the publication of the revised Terms and Conditions.
(12) Assignment
We may transfer, sub-contract or otherwise deal with any or all of our rights and/or obligations under these Terms and Conditions without notifying you or obtaining your consent – providing that, where you are a consumer with respect to a contract under these Terms and Conditions, we will not transfer our rights and/or obligations under that contract in any way which may serve to reduce the guarantees benefiting you under that contract. You may not transfer, sub-contract or otherwise deal with your rights and/or obligations under these Terms and Conditions.
(13) Severability
If a provision of these Terms and Conditions is determined by any court or other competent authority to be unlawful and/or unenforceable, the other provisions will continue in effect. If any unlawful and/or unenforceable provision would be lawful or enforceable if part of it were deleted, that part will be deemed to be deleted, and the rest of the provision will continue in effect.
(14) Third party rights
These Terms and Conditions are for the benefit of you and us, and except as otherwise specifically set forth herein are not intended to benefit any third party or be enforceable by any third party. The exercise of our and your rights in relation to these Terms and Conditions is not subject to the consent of any third party.
(15) Entire agreement
These Terms and Conditions constitute the entire agreement between you and us in relation to your use of the Services, and supersede all previous agreements in respect of your use of the Services.
(16) Law and jurisdiction
These Terms and Conditions will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Saudi Arabia.
PART E: PRIVACY POLICY
We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of the website visitors and Service users; this policy sets out how we will treat your personal information:
(1) What information do we collect?
We may collect, store and use the following kinds of personal data:
(a) information about your computer and about your visits to and use of our Services (including your IP address, geographical location, browser type, referral source, length of visit and number of page views);
(b) information relating to any purchases of our Services via the website, in an application, via the Apple App Store or otherwise (including your name, address, email address, birth date and other demographics provided by you, as well as payment details, details of the Publications you have purchased, analytics relating to your viewing of the Publications, and any information contained in any messages provided by you);
(c) the personal information identified in Sections 3 and 4 below; and
(d) any other personal information that you provide to us.
(2) Using your personal data
Personal data submitted on the website or through an application will be used for the purposes specified in this privacy policy or in relevant parts of the website or an application. We may use your personal information to:
(a) administer the website or any applications;
(b) improve your browsing experience by personalizing the website and applications;
(c) enable your use of the Services and supply the Services to you;
(e) send statements and invoices to you, and collect payments from you;
(f) send you general (non-marketing) commercial communications;
(g) send you email notifications which you have specifically requested;
(h) send to you marketing communications relating to our business or the businesses of selected third parties which we think may be of interest to you by post, or email or other technology (to the extent permitted by law--you can inform us at any time if you no longer require marketing communications);
(i) provide various third parties with statistical information about our users – but this information will not be used to identify any individual user;
(j) provide the information described in Part E.(1) above to carefully selected partners, providers, affiliates and other third parties, including, but not limited to, publishers who provide works for download, providers of goods and services, and others to whom such information may have commercial value, none of whom will be granted rights to utilize such information to any greater extent than we are entitled to utilize such information; and
(k) deal with inquiries and complaints made by or about you relating to the Website and/or the Services.
Where you submit personal information for publication on our website or through our application, we will publish and otherwise use that information in accordance with the license you grant to us. All our financial transactions are handled through our payment services provider. We will share information with our payment services provider only to the extent necessary for the purposes of processing payments you make via or in relation to our Services.
(3) Cookies
A cookie consists of information sent by a web server to a web browser, and stored by the browser. The information is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server. This enables the web server to identify and track the web browser. We use both "session" cookies and "persistent" cookies on the website. We will use the session cookies to keep track of you while you navigate the website. We will use the persistent cookies to enable the website to recognize you when you visit. Session cookies will be deleted from your computer when you close your browser. Persistent cookies will remain stored on your computer until deleted, or until they reach a specified expiry date.
We use Google Analytics and other analytical tools to analyze the use of this website and certain applications. These analytical tools generate statistical and other information about website or application use by means of cookies, which are stored on users' computers. The information generated relating to the website or an application is used to create reports about the use of the website or applications. Google will store this information obtained through Google Analytics. Google's privacy policy is available at: http://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html. Most browsers allow you to reject all cookies, while some browsers allow you to reject just third party cookies. For example, in Internet Explorer you can refuse all cookies by clicking "Tools", "Internet Options", "Privacy", and selecting "Block all cookies" using the sliding selector. Blocking all cookies will, however, have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites, including this one.
(4) Application/Publication monitoring
We may from time to time automatically collect information about your use of the Application and the Publications. This information includes the number of times the Application is launched, details of the Publications and Publication pages that you view, the time when you view them, your geographical location when you view them, and information about your device, system and software. We will use this information to provide you with the Services (including upgrades and bug fixes). We will use this information, in anonymised form, for the purpose of improving the Services and otherwise as provided above. We will also share this information with the owners of Publications, but, except as may be provided above, only in anonymised form. If you would prefer we not collect and use your information in this manner, you should opt-out of Application/Publication monitoring using the Application.
(5) Disclosures
We may disclose information about you to any of our employees, officers, agents, suppliers or subcontractors insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes as set out in this privacy policy. In addition, we may disclose information about you:
(a) to the extent that we are required to do so by law;
(b) in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings;
(c) in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk); and
(d) to the purchaser (or prospective purchaser) of any business or asset which we are (or are contemplating) selling.
Except as provided in this privacy policy, we will not provide your information to third parties.
(6) International data transfers
Information that we collect may be stored and processed in and transferred between any of the countries in which we operate in order to enable us to use the information in accordance with this privacy policy.
Information which you provide may be transferred to countries which do not have data protection laws equivalent to those in force in Saudi Arabia. In addition, personal information that you submit for publication on the website will be published on the internet and may be available, via the internet, around the world. You expressly agree to such transfers of personal information.
(7) Security of your personal data
We will take reasonable technical and organizational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information. We will store all the personal information you provide on our secure (password- and firewall- protected) servers. All electronic transactions you make to or receive from us will be encrypted using SSL technology. Of course, data transmission over the internet is inherently insecure, and we cannot guarantee the security of data sent over the internet. You are responsible for keeping your password and user details confidential. We will not ask you for your password.
(8) Policy amendments
We may update this privacy policy from time-to-time by posting a new version on the website or otherwise through the Services. You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes.
(9) Your rights
You may instruct us to provide you with any personal information we hold about you. Provision of such information may be subject to the payment of a fee. You may instruct us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes by email at any time.
(10) Third party websites
The website contains, and applications may contain, links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of third party websites.
(11) Updating information
Please let us know if the personal information which we hold about you needs to be corrected or updated.
bayan@albayan.co.uk
أعلى
Copy link
✓
شكرا للمشاركة
أكثر