Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us
Bellz Café is located at:
Bellz Café
High Street, Drumshanbo, Co. Leitrim, N41 P447, Ireland Drumshanbo
N41 P447 Co. Leitrim , Ireland
+353719641785
It is Bellz Café’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our website. This Privacy Policy applies to bellzcafe.com/ (hereinafter, “us”, “we”, or “bellzcafe.com/”). We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting personally identifiable information you may provide us through the Website. We have adopted this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) to explain what information may be collected on our Website, how we use this information, and under what circumstances we may disclose the information to third parties. This Privacy Policy applies only to information we collect through the Website and does not apply to our collection of information from other sources.
This Privacy Policy, together with the Terms of service posted on our Website, set forth the general rules and policies governing your use of our Website. Depending on your activities when visiting our Website, you may be required to agree to additional terms of service.
1. Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Bellz Café collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Bellz Café’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Bellz Café’s visitors use its website. From time to time, Bellz Café may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Bellz Café also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on https://bellzcafe.com/ blog posts. Bellz Café only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below.
2. Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Bellz Café’s websites choose to interact with Bellz Café in ways that require Bellz Café to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Bellz Café gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who leave a comment at https://bellzcafe.com/ to provide a username and email address.
3. Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
4. Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Bellz Café discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organisations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Bellz Café’s behalf or to provide services available at Bellz Café’s website, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organisations may be located outside of your home country; by using Bellz Café’s website, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Bellz Café will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organisations, as described above, Bellz Café discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when Bellz Café believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Bellz Café, third parties or the public at large.
If you are a registered user of https://bellzcafe.com/ and have supplied your email address, Bellz Café may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with Bellz Café and our products. We primarily use our blog to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Bellz Café takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
5. Cookies
To enrich and perfect your online experience, Bellz Café uses “Cookies”, similar technologies and services provided by others to display personalised content, appropriate advertising and store your preferences on your computer.
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Bellz Café uses cookies to help Bellz Café identify and track visitors, their usage of https://bellzcafe.com/, and their website access preferences. Bellz Café visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Bellz Café’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of Bellz Café’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
By continuing to navigate our website without changing your cookie settings, you hereby acknowledge and agree to Bellz Café’s use of cookies.
6. Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Bellz Café may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Bellz Café’s sole discretion. Bellz Café encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.