Forefront Systems believes privacy is a
fundamental human right
, so every product we create is designed, before the first line of code is written, to minimize the collection and use of your data. Our apps use on-device processing whenever possible and provide transparency and control over your information.
Further, we consider the following quote from Apple, one that appears front and centre when we submit a new app for their review, to be a cornerstone of everything we do.
The App Store is designed to be a safe and trusted place for people to discover apps from talented developers just like you. Your app can influence culture and change lives, so that’s why we’re counting on you to help us protect users’ privacy.
Apple Inc.
Xc Fonts 1.0
Xc Fonts was designed, before the first line of code was written, to not collect or use any of your personal information. Xc Fonts only uses the computing power of your device and does not connect to the Internet to perform any additional processing.
Forefront Systems Inc. respects your privacy and will never collect, use, save, transmit, share or require access to any of your personal data. Xc Fonts does not access or collect your personal information including your location, personal contact list or browser history at any time. An Internet or WiFi connection is not required when using Xc Fonts.
Launch Speed 2.0
Launch Speed 2.0 respects your privacy and does not collect, use, save, transmit, share or have any access to any of your personal data when using this application. Launch Speed 2.0 does not access or collect your location information at any time.
An Internet or WiFi connection is not required when using Launch Speed.
Timelapse Calc
Timelapse Calc respects your privacy and does not collect, use, save, transmit, share or have any access to your personal data when you use this application. Timelapse Calc does not access or collect your location information at any time.
When using Timelapse Calc you do not need to be connected to the Internet.
Distance to Sound
Distance to Sound respects your privacy and does not collect, use, save, transmit, share or have any access to your personal data when you use this application.
When using Distance to Sound you do not need to be connected to the Internet.
Distance to Sound does not access or collect your location information at any time.
Share this:
Twitter
Facebook
Like
Loading...