Privacy Policy
We don’t track you.
That’s our Privacy Policy in a nutshell.
About Us
DuckDuckGo (officially, Duck Duck Go, Inc.) has been an independent company since our founding in 2008. While we started as a search engine,
our apps and extensions
now offer protection well beyond search, including when
browsing the web
,
reading email
, and even
using other apps
.
Trackers lurk nearly everywhere online, trying to scoop up your search history, browsing history, location history, and more. Even everyday online activities like purchasing groceries or looking up the local weather can result in dozens of companies tracking you.
Other companies track your data — like your search and browse history — to create detailed profiles about you, and then use those profiles to follow you around with ads so creepy it can seem like your devices are listening in on you (even when they aren’t). These profiles are also used by companies to influence what you see online, which can lead to manipulation and discrimination. That’s why we offer an
all-in-one privacy product
as a privacy preserving alternative to products like Google Search and Google Chrome, to help protect your everyday online activities.
Privacy Policy
We don’t track you. That’s our Privacy Policy in a nutshell.
We don’t save or share your search or browsing history when you search on DuckDuckGo or use our apps and extensions.
When you visit our search engine or our other websites, your device sends some information about itself automatically, like its IP address, browser type, and language, and may send additional information upon request like its screen size, operating system, and preferences. However, we only use this information temporarily to deliver content to you and, for security, to ensure you’re not a malicious bot. We don’t save your IP address or any unique identifiers alongside your searches or visits to our websites. We also never log IP addresses or any unique identifiers to disk.
This means that when you use our services, we have no way to create a history of your search queries or the sites you browse. For example, we may know that we got a lot of searches for "
cute cat pictures
" today, but we don’t know who actually performed those searches. That is, viewing search results on DuckDuckGo is anonymous. And we only save these anonymous search queries — completely disconnected from any unique identifiers like IP addresses — for just enough time to analyze anonymous trends like popular searches, so that we can better serve you. For local search results in particular, we've further engineered a
solution
to shield your precise location from us and our content providers that sends us a random location nearish to you, which we also never log to disk.
In the process of delivering our search results and other content, we also prevent our hosting and content providers from creating a history of your searches and browsing. At a technical level, we achieve this by calling for content (for example, images) on your behalf from our servers and then ensuring that content is securely delivered to you through an end-to-end encrypted connection. In order for our product to function, we share anonymous browser and device information with our hosting and content providers for security and display purposes (for example, that you’re using a mobile device), but we never share any information with them that could tie your searches or website visits to you personally, or that could allow them to create a history of your individual search queries or the sites you browse.
The Internet works by routing information to you via your device's IP address. As such, we cannot prevent your device's IP address from being seen by your internet service provider, our hosting provider, or other internet providers in between (typically, there are one or more internet providers between any two points on the Internet). That is, these providers necessarily use IP addresses to route information. They may also use them for security purposes, such as preventing network attacks and limiting other fraudulent traffic. However, the
encrypted connection
between you and us prevents your search queries from being revealed to any of these entities. And if you use our apps and extensions, our
Smarter Encryption
also helps you use more encrypted connections when visiting other websites.
Keep in mind that when you visit other websites by navigating to them directly, by clicking external links on our search engine, or by using our
!bang shortcuts
, the privacy policies and practices of those other websites apply, including any information you submit to them. While our apps and extensions provide many safeguards against online tracking, we can’t completely protect you when you visit other websites and apps. For example, if you browse Facebook, Facebook will know what you do on their site. Our
Web Tracking Protections page
details how our various protections function and their limitations.
We make money through private search ads.
It is a myth that search engines need to track you to make money. We make our money from
private search ads
on our search engine. On most other search engines, ads are influenced by profiles compiled from your personal information, such as search, browsing, and purchase history. Since we don’t have that information, search ads on DuckDuckGo are based on the search results page you’re viewing, and not based on you as a person. For example, if you search for cars, we’ll show you ads about cars.
Viewing ads on DuckDuckGo Search is anonymous, like the rest of our search results (as described above). Ad clicks are managed by Microsoft's ad network and
Microsoft has committed
to not associate your ad-click behavior with a user profile and to not store or share that information other than for accounting purposes.
We offer optional privacy-protecting features that require limited personal information to function.
For optional features, we only request personal information necessary for the feature to function and only use the information for that purpose. Before you opt in to any optional feature, we always let you know what personal information we’ll need (if any), how we’ll use it, and how you can subsequently opt out. For example, our
Email Protection
is an optional feature that requires some personal information to work (namely, your email address), and all of this is explained in our
Email Protection Privacy Policy
.
We improve our product by using anonymous methods and by considering publicly available information.
To improve and promote our product, we develop and use only
anonymous methods
to learn key insights. For example, we design anonymous experiments to test different designs. We also observe what people are saying about our product across social channels and may search for, review, and share this publicly available information internally for consideration.
We don’t track you through cookies or any other storage methods.
We offer a variety of
search settings
that use anonymous cookies for storage, and also offer the option to configure search settings via
anonymous URL parameters
if you prefer. Similarly, we use local storage on your device for anonymous display settings. For instance, we might use local storage to anonymously remember the fact that you’ve already dismissed a prompt to install our app so that we don’t annoy you by showing it again.
Related, the anonymous experiments described in the section above sometimes require us to use browser storage too, but we never store any information that could identify you or your searches. For example, we might use storage to make sure a design we’re testing doesn’t frequently change on you. Finally, if you use optional features, such as staying signed in to our Email Protection, we use only the minimal necessary storage to allow that feature to perform.
We protect and limit use of your data when you communicate directly with DuckDuckGo.
If you voluntarily provide personal information to us directly, we protect and limit its use. We will limit its use by only keeping it for as long necessary for the stated purpose, and we will protect it by keeping it secure and deleting it when it is no longer required, unless a longer period is required by law. For example, if you opt to receive our
privacy newsletter
, we will ask for your email address and use it only to deliver that content. You can also unsubscribe at any time, at which point we will delete it.
Similarly, if you reach out to us directly for support, to provide feedback (such as in a crash report or on our search engine), or for other reasons, we will only use your contact information to respond to you. In that process, your communication may be accessible to the software-as-a-service providers we use in our corporate systems (such as our company email and project management software). For information voluntarily provided in surveys, we sometimes use additional vendors for processing, though their access to personal information is contractually limited to what is necessary to perform their services. Finally, if you
apply for a position
on our team, any information you provide falls under our
Recruiting Information Policy
.
We respect and support your legal privacy rights.
Critically, it's not possible for us to provide search or browsing histories linked to you in response to legal requests because we don't have them. Nevertheless, we will vigorously resist government efforts to compel us to produce the very limited personal information that we might have, for example, your email address if you subscribe to our newsletter.
Related, there are scenarios where we may transfer this limited personal information (for example, your email address) to countries other than the country in which it was received. For example, we have servers across the world and while your device will typically try to automatically connect to regional servers (e.g., European servers in Europe, U.S. servers in the U.S.), you could be using a VPN from another country. Additionally, DuckDuckGo team members are also distributed worldwide, and while we have robust security and access controls in place, authorized team members access DuckDuckGo servers as necessary to operate our services. In such scenarios, if any cross-border transfers are necessary, we will follow applicable legal requirements.
Privacy laws in some jurisdictions provide certain rights with respect to the limited personal information we may hold about you from our optional features or from your reaching out to contact us. For information about these rights, such as requesting deletion or a copy of your personal information, please review our
Privacy Rights page
.
We do not knowingly market to or solicit information from children.
Our apps and website are intended for a general audience, and we do not knowingly market to or solicit information from children under 13.
We do not sell your personal information.
We have never sold any personal information. Period.
We will post a notice on this page when our policy is updated.
We will notify you of changes by posting the modified version on our website. We will indicate the date it was last modified below with an update message on top.
Last updated 05-11-23
Pre-2023 version
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://duckduckgo.com/app?origin=funnel_marketing:
Download DuckDuckGo  for Windows
Protection from hackers, scammers, and data collectors
Distraction‑free browsing, with fewer ads and pop‑ups
A private search engine that never tracks you. Ever.
Available for
Windows
Mac
Android
iOS
With DuckDuckGo you can search and browse
privately
, watch YouTube with
fewer ads
, and keep your personal information to
yourself
.
The most comprehensive online protection by default.
Hidden trackers lurk behind 85% of popular websites. We actively block them — no custom settings, privacy modes, or extensions required. Helping you evade data collectors and speed up websites.
Real privacy, not like Incognito mode
Social media without creepy tracking
Swift data removal with the Fire Button
Welcome to a
cleaner internet.
Enjoy freedom from creepy ads and pop-ups. Our tracker blocking stops most ads before they even appear — letting you enjoy your favorite content with less hassle.
Fewer ads and cookie pop-ups
YouTube without targeted ads
Email protected from spam and scams
Designed for you,
not your data.
The best way to protect your personal data is to stop it from being collected at all. Other companies try to hide it from hackers and scammers, which always comes at a risk.
We don't track it to begin with and stop other companies from tracking it too.
Your searches are known only to you
Passwords are secure, with no account needed
AI chatbots can be used privately
See how DuckDuckGo compares.
Chrome
Edge
Safari
Firefox
Access any website and online tools
Block creepy trackers from Facebook, Google, & others
Burn data swiftly with the Fire Button
Block tracking ads
Play YouTube videos without targeted ads
Block cookie pop-ups
Protect your email
Search privately
Securely manage passwords
Privately access AI chatbots like ChatGPT
Global Privacy Control
Browser comparisons were made with default settings.
Information is correct as of October 2024
Download DuckDuckGo for Windows
Don’t just take our word for it.
a solid cross-platform browser that really can keep up with the Chromes and Edges of the world.
David Pierce
you’re getting maximum protection with minimal effort.
David Nield
easy and quick to import passwords and bookmarks from other browsers like Chrome.
Mariella Moon
the most intuitive, well laid out, and quick browser I’ve used.
App Store Review
frees up bandwidth and lets websites load faster.
Zachary McAuliffe
absolutely love this browser, and cannot imagine using any other again.
App Store Review
DuckDuckGo is a
must-try
Desire Athow
I find it faster than Safari, Chrome, and Firefox, and I feel way more protected.
App Store Review
a solid cross-platform browser that really can keep up with the Chromes and Edges of the world.
David Pierce
you’re getting maximum protection with minimal effort.
David Nield
easy and quick to import passwords and bookmarks from other browsers like Chrome.
Mariella Moon
the most intuitive, well laid out, and quick browser I’ve used.
App Store Review
frees up bandwidth and lets websites load faster.
Zachary McAuliffe
absolutely love this browser, and cannot imagine using any other again.
App Store Review
DuckDuckGo is a
must-try
Desire Athow
I find it faster than Safari, Chrome, and Firefox, and I feel way more protected.
App Store Review
Sub-policy 1
https://duckduckgo.com/email/privacy-terms:
You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Email Protection Privacy Policy and Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
We do not save your emails.
When we receive an email to a duck.com address, we immediately remove trackers then forward it to its destination. This all happens in memory; your emails are never even written to disk.
We only save the minimum amount of personal information we need for the service to function.
The forwarding email address you provide to us when you sign up for the service.
The Duck Addresses you create.
We do not use your personal information for any purpose unrelated to this service.
For example, if you choose to sign in to Email Protection within our apps or extensions via your personal Duck Address, we use only the minimal necessary local storage to keep you signed in. We do not sell any personal information (for example, your email address).
We aim to block as many hidden trackers as possible.
New trackers emerge all the time and blocking some may harm usability. So while we can’t promise to block all trackers, we're working continuously to expand our email tracker blocking over time to respond to new email tracking methods.
We will only disclose personal information if we are legally forced to do so, and we will use legal means to fight against such disclosure.
If required by law to disclose your personal information (for example, your email address), we will notify you by email unless legally forbidden.
We do not use third-party email services to forward your email.
We developed our own software to send and receive email.
We protect our infrastructure and your personal information with strict technical and organizational controls.
Your personal information (for example, your email address) is stored encrypted in our database which itself resides on an encrypted disk. We use encrypted network connections wherever possible. We also have strict access control and monitoring mechanisms in place, which may automatically block (but never log to disk) IP addresses that are abusing our infrastructure, though even in that abuse scenario, those IP addresses cannot be connected to any personal information. Our corporate systems use data centers across the world and may transfer data among them. Finally, our infrastructure providers have their own abuse prevention systems independent from ours. We do not provide them (or anyone) access to our servers, and as a secondary precaution, we additionally bind them to strict data protection agreements.
We offer support.
We offer support at
support@duck.com
and through email breakage reporting forms via links within the service and have strict access controls for information you voluntarily send to us. Additionally, our corporate systems use some software-as-a-service components (for example, our company email and project management software) that are all bound by strict data protection agreements. Email breakage submissions are automatically removed from our systems after 30 days.
If you flag emails as spam, your personal email provider may forward them to us. If they do so, then parts of these flagged spam emails (metadata) will be saved temporarily in order to troubleshoot the spam issue, but we will only store this information for no more than 90 days.
We promptly honor requests to delete your account.
You can delete your account by visiting
https://duckduckgo.com/email/delete-account
or request deletion by reaching out to
support@duck.com
. We keep 30 days of backups, so it will take 30 days from the resolution of your deletion request for it to be completely removed from our systems, unless we are required by law to keep it longer. Upon account deletion, your Duck Addresses will be deactivated and will no longer be associated with your deleted forwarding address. These deleted Duck Addresses cannot be used by anyone, including you, in the future.
We respect and support your legal privacy rights.
Privacy laws in some jurisdictions provide certain rights with respect to the limited personal information we may hold about you (for example, your email address) from using the service or from your reaching out to contact us. For information about these rights, such as requesting deletion or a copy of your personal information, please review our
Privacy Rights page
. If you have any questions or complaints, or feedback with respect to this Privacy Policy, you may contact us at:
Email
privacy@duckduckgo.com
.
Telephone:
1-888-395-0534
(toll-free from the US; international cell phone roaming charges may apply).
Mailing address: DuckDuckGo, 20 Paoli Pike, Paoli, PA 19301, U.S.A.
We will not allow an ownership change to weaken this Privacy Policy.
If we are ever acquired by another organization, or if another organization purchases this service, we will email you with details. However, we will not proceed with any deal that weakens this Privacy Policy.
We will post a notice on our website when our policy is updated.
We will notify you of changes by posting the modified version on
our website
. We will indicate the date it was last modified below with an update message on top if substantive changes were made.
For more information about the privacy of our services beyond Email Protection, please see our general
Privacy Policy
.
Terms of Service
Email Protection is only intended for and available to people who are age 13 or older. To sign up for an account, you must provide a valid forwarding address to an email account that you control. By signing up for Email Protection, you also agree to the
DuckDuckGo Terms of Service
.
Last updated
09-19-2023
Sub-policy 2
https://duckduckgo.com/newsletter:
Privacy tips and news,
straight to your inbox.
Subscribe
Your email address won't be shared and you can unsubscribe at any time.
What People Are Saying
See why people love our newsletters.
Most useful newsletter I’ve received for a long time is today’s from @duckduckgo: “How to live without Google”. Awesome work, people!
Trine Falbe
The @duckduckgo privacy newsletter is brilliant. The only one where I end up reading the *entire* email. #privacy #newsletter
Siddhant Goel
Subscribe
Your email address won't be shared and you can unsubscribe at any time.
Sub-policy 3
https://duckduckgo.com/duckduckgo-help-pages/r-legal/privacy-rights:
DuckDuckGo believes online privacy should be simple and accessible to all, and our
Privacy Policy
reflects that. For example, we do not save or share your search or browsing history when you search on DuckDuckGo or use our apps and extensions. At the same time, if you contact us directly, for example, to get product support, we may hold some limited amount of your personal information that you voluntarily provide to us. We also offer some optional features that require limited amounts of personal information to function, for example your email address to provide you with
Email Protection
.
Your Rights
As explained below, you retain rights to the limited personal information we may have about you. We’ve tried to keep things simple here by summarizing the rights of residents in privacy-protective jurisdictions, but please refer to the privacy authorities in your specific location for more detailed information. While not all DuckDuckGo users have the legal rights described on this page, it is DuckDuckGo’s policy to honor these rights for our users as described regardless of where you live. We’ll do this to the best of our ability and take applicable law into consideration.
Right To Not Receive Discriminatory Treatment:
We will not discriminate against you because you exercise any of your privacy rights.
Right To Delete:
You have the right to request that we delete any information we may hold about you, but we will retain information we need for legal compliance.
Right To Access:
You may ask us what information we may hold about you, categories of any third parties to whom we disclose the information (if any), and the business or commercial purpose for obtaining and sharing your information (if shared).
Right To Correct Inaccurate Personal Data:
You may ask us to correct inaccurate information we hold about you.
Right To Information About Processing:
You may request information about how personal information we may hold about you is processed (if at all), categories of individuals who may have access to it, and its retention period.
Right To Request Limited Processing:
You may object and request that we limit the processing of your personal information.
Right To Withdraw Consent:
If you consented to providing us information, you may withdraw consent at any time. The withdrawal of your consent does not affect the validity of any processing prior to withdrawal.
How to Contact us and Submit Privacy Related Requests
To contact Duck Duck Go, Inc. or its subsidiaries such as DuckDuckGo Subscription, Inc. you may use the contact information below for any of the rights listed above, or to submit a general privacy related inquiry or complaint.
Email
privacy@duckduckgo.com
.
Contact Name: Privacy Manager
Telephone:
1-888-395-0534
(toll-free from the US; international cell phone roaming charges may apply).
Mailing address: DuckDuckGo, 20 Paoli Pike, Paoli, PA 19301 U.S.A.
Local Representatives:
Our representative under Article 27 of the GDPR is:
GRCI Law Limited, The Mill, Newtown Link Rd, Stagreenan, Drogheda, Co. Louth, A92 CD3D, Ireland.
eurep@itgovernance.eu
Our representative under the UK GDPR is:
GRCI Law Limited, Unit 3, Clive Court, Bartholomew’s Walk, Cambridgeshire Business Park, Ely, CB7 4EA, UK
ukrep@grcilaw.com
You can also lodge a complaint under the laws of your country with an applicable regulator. A list of the EU national data protection authorities is here:
https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/about-edpb/members_en
Information on consumer disputes for Privacy Pro users based outside of the United States
In the event of a dispute with us about Privacy Pro, in addition to the courts as outlined in the
Privacy Pro (non-U.S.) Privacy Policy and Terms of Service
, you may also have recourse to a consumer mediator or to an alternative dispute settlement method.
In Europe, the European Commission has set up an
Online Dispute Resolution platform
facilitating the independent out-of-court settlement of online disputes between consumers and professionals in the European Union.
Last updated: 12-16-2024
Prior versions on
GitHub
.