Terms & Condition
Get link
Facebook
X
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
A. AGREEMENT: A. This End-User License Agreement (“EULA”) is a legal agreement between you and Publisher (“we”, “us” or “our”) which governs your use of the Publisher’s Apps. By installing or otherwise using the Publisher’s Apps, you: (a) agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this EULA, (b) you represent and warrant that you own or control the mobile device in which the Publisher’s App will be installed, and (c) you represent and warrant that you have the right, authority and capacity to enter into this EULA and to abide by all its terms and conditions, just as if you had signed it. The terms and conditions of this EULA also apply to any Publisher’s App updates, supplements, and services that are not provided under a separate license or other agreement with us. If you do not agree to the terms and conditions of this EULA, do not install or use any Publisher’s App. We may amend these terms and conditions from time to time. If the changes include material changes that affect y...
Read more
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://whereismytrainprivacypolicy.blogspot.com/2024/08/privacy-policy.html:
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Get link
Facebook
X
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
Ruchita Savaliya has built the Where is My Train : Live Status app as a Free app. This SERVICE is provided by Ruchita Savaliya at no cost and is intended for use as is.
This app is providing Live train status, Live platform Informations, Find my train, Search train by stations , PNR Check, Show live train list by entering date, Full train info by entering train number, Show train ticker by entering PNR number
This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.
If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which are accessible at Where is My Train : Live Status unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, I may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that I request will be retained on your device and is not collected by me in any way.
The app does use third-party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to the privacy policy of third-party service providers used by the app
Google Play Services
AdMob
Google Analytics for Firebase
Firebase Crashlytics
Facebook
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
Log Data
I want to inform you that whenever you use my Service, in a case of an error in the app I collect data and information (through third-party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing my Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third-party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
Service Providers
I may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
I want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to their Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
I value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of p
rotecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 4. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 4 years of age. In the case I discover that a child under 4 has provided me with personal information, I immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact me so that I will be able to do the necessary actions.
Consent
By using our app, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its Terms and Conditions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
This policy is effective as of 16 Aug 2024
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at ruchisavaliya111@gmail.com
Get link
Facebook
X
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
Comments
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyse traffic. Your IP address and user agent are shared with Google, together with performance and security metrics, to ensure quality of service, generate usage statistics and to detect and address abuse.
Learn more
Got it