This privacy policy ("Policy") describes how the personally identifiable information ("Personal Information") you may provide in the "Slidey: presentation maker app" mobile application ("Mobile Application" or "Service") and any of its related products and services (collectively, "Services") is collected, protected and used. It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your Personal Information and how you can access and update this information. This Policy is a legally binding agreement between you ("User", "you" or "your") and this Mobile Application developer ("Operator", "we", "us" or "our"). By accessing and using the Mobile Application and Services, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by the terms of this Policy. This Policy does not apply to the practices of companies that we do not own or control, or to individuals that we do not employ or manage. This privacy policy was created with the help of the privacy policy generator at
https://www.websitepolicies.com/privacy-policy-generator.
​
Automatic collection of information
When you use the Mobile Application, our servers automatically record information that your device sends. This data may include information such as your device's IP address and location, device name and version, operating system type and version, language preferences, access times and dates, and other statistics.
Information collected automatically is used only to identify potential cases of abuse and establish statistical information regarding the usage of the Mobile Application and Services. This statistical information is not otherwise aggregated in such a way that would identify any particular user of the system.
​
Collection of personal information
Application does not collect any user’s personal information. The application does not record or store any records which are taken using the camera on the user's device. The tracking of the user's focus takes place exclusively inside his device.​
​
Where automatically collected information stored
We use a number of third-party services for the operation of our application, which are provided by:
- Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheater Pkwy, Mountain View, California, 94043, USA, namely - Google Analytics is a service that allows you to collect and analyze statistical information about the use of the application. This data is used to improve the consumer experience while using the product. Privacy policy of Google LLC you can see via the link:
https://policies.google.com/privacy.
- Mixpanel International, INC., 405 Howard Street 2nd Floor, San Francisco, California 94105, USA, namely - Mixpanel is an analytics tool that allow to collect and analyze data on how users interact with the application. This data is used to improve the consumer experience while using the product. Privacy policy of Mixpanel International, INC. you can see via the link:
https://mixpanel.com/legal/privacy-policy.
​
Disclosure of information
Depending on the requested Services or as necessary to complete any transaction or provide any service you have requested, we may share your information with your consent with our trusted third parties that work with us, any other affiliates and subsidiaries we rely upon to assist in the operation of the Mobile Application and Services available to you. We do not share Personal Information with unaffiliated third parties. These service providers are not authorized to use or disclose your information except as necessary to perform services on our behalf or comply with legal requirements. We may share your Personal Information for these purposes only with third parties whose privacy policies are consistent with ours or who agree to abide by our policies with respect to Personal Information. These third parties are given Personal Information they need only in order to perform their designated functions, and we do not authorize them to use or disclose Personal Information for their own marketing or other purposes.
We will disclose any Personal Information we collect, use or receive if required or permitted by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process, and when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request.
​
The rights of users
You may exercise certain rights regarding your information processed by us. In particular, you have the right to do the following: (i) you have the right to withdraw consent where you have previously given your consent to the processing of your information; (ii) you have the right to object to the processing of your information if the processing is carried out on a legal basis other than consent; (iii) you have the right to learn if information is being processed by us, obtain disclosure regarding certain aspects of the processing and obtain a copy of the information undergoing processing; (iv) you have the right to verify the accuracy of your information and ask for it to be updated or corrected; (v) you have the right, under certain circumstances, to restrict the processing of your information, in which case, we will not process your information for any purpose other than storing it; (vi) you have the right, under certain circumstances, to obtain the erasure of your Personal Information from us.
​
How to exercise these rights?
Any requests to exercise your rights can be directed to the Operator through the contact details provided in this document. Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests. Your request must provide sufficient information that allows us to verify that you are the person you are claiming to be or that you are the authorized representative of such person. You must include sufficient details to allow us to properly understand the request and respond to it. We cannot respond to your request or provide you with Personal Information unless we first verify your identity or authority to make such a request and confirm that the Personal Information relates to you.
​
Links to other resources
The Mobile Application and Services contain links to other resources that are not owned or controlled by us. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other resources or third parties. We encourage you to be aware when you leave the Mobile Application and Services and to read the privacy statements of each and every resource that may collect Personal Information.
​
Information security
We secure information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. We maintain reasonable administrative, technical, and physical safeguards in an effort to protect against unauthorized access, use, modification, and disclosure of Personal Information in its control and custody. However, no data transmission over the Internet or wireless network can be guaranteed. Therefore, while we strive to protect your Personal Information, you acknowledge that (i) there are security and privacy limitations of the Internet which are beyond our control; (ii) the security, integrity, and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and the Mobile Application and Services cannot be guaranteed; and (iii) any such information and data may be viewed or tampered with in transit by a third party, despite best efforts. The security of information stored in the Firebase and Google Analytics services is ensured by their own security systems.
​
Data breach
In the event we become aware that the security of the Mobile Application and Services has been compromised or users Personal Information has been disclosed to unrelated third parties as a result of external activity, including, but not limited to, security attacks or fraud, we reserve the right to take reasonably appropriate measures, including, but not limited to, investigation and reporting, as well as notification to and cooperation with law enforcement authorities. In the event of a data breach, we will make reasonable efforts to notify affected individuals if we believe that there is a reasonable risk of harm to the user as a result of the breach or if notice is otherwise required by law. When we do, we will send you an email, mail you a letter
​
Changes and amendments
We reserve the right to modify this Policy or its terms relating to the Mobile Application and Services from time to time in our discretion and will notify you of any material changes to the way in which we treat Personal Information. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We may also provide notice to you in other ways in our discretion, such as through contact information you have provided. Any updated version of this Policy will be effective immediately upon the posting of the revised Policy unless otherwise specified. Your continued use of the Mobile Application and Services after the effective date of the revised Policy (or such other act specified at that time) will constitute your consent to those changes. However, we will not, without your consent, use your Personal Information in a manner materially different than what was stated at the time your Personal Information was collected.
​
Acceptance of this policy
You acknowledge that you have read this Policy and agree to all its terms and conditions. By accessing and using the Mobile Application and Services you agree to be bound by this Policy. If you do not agree to abide by the terms of this Policy, you are not authorized to access or use the Mobile Application and Services.
​
Contacting us
If you would like to contact us to understand more about this Policy or wish to contact us concerning any matter relating to individual rights and your Personal Information, you may send an email to
enpowerapps.presentationmaker@gmail.com
.
This document was last updated on March 15, 2024
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.websitepolicies.com/privacy-policy-generator.:
Skip to content
Sub-policy 1
https://policies.google.com/privacy.:
404.
That’s an error.
The requested URL was not found on this server.
That’s all we know.