FiguresKit Support
FiguresKit is your perfect companion to track your expenses and sales as a small startup or indie developer.
If you want to contact me, reach out to
custusapp@proton.me
Privacy Policy
Intro and Consent
This privacy policy informs you about how your personal information is handled by our services.
By using FiguresKit, you consent to our privacy policy.
Collected data
The app FiguresKit does not collect or store any of your personal data in a way that is accessible to us. Your data is either stored locally on your device or, if you have enabled iCloud synchronization, additionally on Apple's iCloud servers. \nPlease refer to Apple's Privacy Policy to learn more about how your data is processed. You can disable iCloud synchronization in your iOS device settings.
Usage data
If you have opted in to allow Apple to share information with developers, we receive some anonymous analytics. Additionally, we use Aptabase to collect anonymous data in Sessions. Aptabase is a privacy-first analytics tool, for more information, please refer to Aptabase's Privacy Policy. Usage data is exclusively used to improve our services and understand how (and if) features are used.
Data Deletion
If you wish to have all your data deleted, simply remove the Service from all your device.
App Store Distribution
If you download FiguresKit through the App Store or purchase an in-app purchase, such as subscriptions, Apple will process your personal information and link the purchase to your Apple ID. For more information, please refer to Apple's Privacy Policy.
We do not have access to any information related to your bank, cards, or personal finances.
We utilize RevenueCat for In-App purchases, streamlining the delivery of our services. This integration also gathers data, including the app's last access time, the product category purchased, and the frequency of app usage. This information is associated with randomly generated anonymous IDs, ensuring it cannot be traced back to any real-life individual.
Third parties
We rely on third parties to provide our service that might have access to personal information. The list might change in the future, so please read the terms regularly. Those third parties include:
•
Apple Inc.
•
Aptabase
•
RevenueCat
•
Craft
•
Anthropic
The service may contain links to other websites/applications. These third-party services are not controlled by us. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of each website and application with which they interact. We do not endorse, screen or approve, and are not responsible for, the privacy practices or content of such other websites or applications. Visiting these other websites or applications is at your own risk.
AI Integrations
We are actively exploring various AI (artificial intelligence) functionalities within our app. To facilitate this, we leverage Anthropic to access ClaudeAI. When a request is initiated, essential data is transmitted to Anthropic's servers to generate a response. It's important to note that all AI features are exclusively activated upon your explicit request (Current features: Adding fitting emoji when creating a category, Scanning receipt to automatically add values). When you opt for any AI-supported feature, the name(s) of the category(s) and (when you choose to use the receipt scanner) the picture will be transmitted to Anthropic's servers for processing. Your privacy and control over AI interactions remain paramount, and we only engage AI functionalities when you choose to do so. We reserve the right to modify or remove features in the future based on their utility, please be aware of that.
Future Changes
The privacy policy may be updated in the future. Visit this page regularly to be aware of the policy you are agreeing to by using our services.
Change Log
• August 15th, 2024: Initial publication