newroom
Features
Explore
Pricing
Blog
Mobile
Get the Mobile App
Login
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us. It is NewRoom.io.'s policy to respect your privacy and comply with any applicable law and regulation regarding any personal information we may collect about you, including via our app, NewRoom, and its associated services.
Personal information is any information about you which can be used to identify you. This includes information about you as a person (such as name, address, and date of birth), your devices, payment details, and even information about how you use an app or online service.
In the event our app contains links to third-party sites and services, please be aware that those sites and services have their own privacy policies. After following a link to any third-party content, you should read their posted privacy policy information about how they collect and use personal information. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any of your activities after you leave our app.
This policy is effective as of 10 Aug 2024.
Last updated: 10 Aug 2024
Information We Collect
Information we collect falls into one of two categories: "voluntarily provided" information and "automatically collected" information.
"Voluntarily provided" information refers to any information you knowingly and actively provide us when using our app and its associated services.
"Automatically collected" information refers to any information automatically sent by your device in the course of accessing our app and its associated services.
Log Data
When you access our servers via our app, we may automatically log the standard data provided by your device. It may include your device's Internet Protocol (IP) address, your device type and version, your activity within the app, time and date, and other details about your usage.
Additionally, when you encounter certain errors while using the app, we automatically collect data about the error and the circumstances surrounding its occurrence. This data may include technical details about your device, what you were trying to do when the error happened, and other technical information relating to the problem. You may or may not receive notice of such errors, even in the moment they occur, that they have occurred, or what the nature of the error is.
Please be aware that while this information may not be personally identifying by itself, it may be possible to combine it with other data to personally identify individual persons.
Personal Information
We may ask for personal information — for example, when you submit content to us or when you contact us — which may include one or more of the following:
Name
Email
User-Generated Content
We consider “user-generated content” to be materials (text, image and/or video content) voluntarily supplied to us by our users for the purpose of publication on our platform, website or re-publishing on our social media channels. All user-generated content is associated with the account or email address used to submit the materials. Please be aware that any content you submit for the purpose of publication will be public after posting (and subsequent review or vetting process). Once published, it may be accessible to third parties not covered under this privacy policy.
Collection and Use of Information
We may collect personal information from you when you do any of the following on our website:
Register for an account
Use a mobile device or web browser to access our content
Contact us via email, social media, or on any similar technologies
We may collect, hold, use, and disclose information for the following purposes, and personal information will not be further processed in a manner that is incompatible with these purposes:
to provide you with our app and platform's core features and services
to enable you to access and use our app, associated platforms, and associated social media channels
Security of Your Personal Information
When we collect and process personal information, and while we retain this information, we will protect it within commercially acceptable means to prevent loss and theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use, or modification. Although we will do our best to protect the personal information you provide to us, we advise that no method of electronic transmission or storage is 100% secure, and no one can guarantee absolute data security. You are responsible for selecting any password and its overall security strength, ensuring the security of your own information within the bounds of our services. For example, ensuring any passwords associated with accessing your personal information and accounts are secure and confidential.
How Long We Keep Your Personal Information
We keep your personal information only for as long as we need to. This time period may depend on what we are using your information for, in accordance with this privacy policy. For example, if you have provided us with personal information as part of creating an account with us, we may retain this information for the duration your account exists on our system. If your personal information is no longer required for this purpose, we will delete it or make it anonymous by removing all details that identify you. However, if necessary, we may retain your personal information for our compliance with a legal, accounting, or reporting obligation or for archiving purposes in the public interest, scientific, or historical research purposes or statistical purposes.
Children's Privacy
We do not aim any of our products or services directly at children under the age of 13, and we do not knowingly collect personal information about children under 13.
Disclosure of Personal Information to Third Parties
We may disclose personal information to:
a parent, subsidiary, or affiliate of our company
third-party service providers for the purpose of enabling them to provide their services, including (without limitation) IT service providers, data storage, hosting and server providers, ad networks, analytics, error loggers, debt collectors, maintenance or problem-solving providers, marketing or advertising providers, professional advisors, and payment systems operators
our employees, contractors, and/or related entities
credit reporting agencies, courts, tribunals, and regulatory authorities, in the event you fail to pay for goods or services we have provided to you
courts, tribunals, regulatory authorities, and law enforcement officers, as required by law, in connection with any actual or prospective legal proceedings, or in order to establish, exercise, or defend our legal rights
third parties, including agents or sub-contractors, who assist us in providing information, products, services, or direct marketing to you
third parties to collect and process data
Third parties we currently use include:
Google Payments
Apple Pay
Stripe
RevenueCat
Google Analytics
International Transfers of Personal Information
The personal information we collect is stored and/or processed in United States, and Ireland, or where we or our partners, affiliates, and third-party providers maintain facilities. The countries to which we store, process, or transfer your personal information may not have the same data protection laws as the country in which you initially provided the information. If we transfer your personal information to third parties in other countries: (i) we will perform those transfers in accordance with the requirements of applicable law; and (ii) we will protect the transferred personal information in accordance with this privacy policy.
Your Rights and Controlling Your Personal Information
Your choice:
By providing personal information to us, you understand we will collect, hold, use, and disclose your personal information in accordance with this privacy policy. You do not have to provide personal information to us, however, if you do not, it may affect your use of our app or the products and/or services offered on or through it.
Information from third parties:
If we receive personal information about you from a third party, we will protect it as set out in this privacy policy. If you are a third party providing personal information about somebody else, you represent and warrant that you have such person’s consent to provide the personal information to us.
Marketing permission:
If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by contacting us using the details below.
Access:
You may request details of the personal information that we hold about you.
Correction:
If you believe that any information we hold about you is inaccurate, out of date, incomplete, irrelevant, or misleading, please contact us using the details provided in this privacy policy. We will take reasonable steps to correct any information found to be inaccurate, incomplete, misleading, or out of date.
Non-discrimination:
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your rights over your personal information. Unless your personal information is required to provide you with a particular service or offer (for example serving particular content to your device), we will not deny you goods or services and/or charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties, or provide you with a different level or quality of goods or services.
Notification of data breaches:
We will comply with laws applicable to us in respect of any data breach.
Complaints:
If you believe that we have breached a relevant data protection law and wish to make a complaint, please contact us using the details below and provide us with full details of the alleged breach. We will promptly investigate your complaint and respond to you, in writing, setting out the outcome of our investigation and the steps we will take to deal with your complaint. You also have the right to contact a regulatory body or data protection authority in relation to your complaint.
Unsubscribe:
To unsubscribe from our email database or opt-out of communications (including marketing communications), please contact us using the details provided in this privacy policy, or opt-out using the opt-out facilities provided in the communication. We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity.
Limits of Our Policy
Our app may link to external sites that are not operated by us. Please be aware that we have no control over the content and policies of those sites, and cannot accept responsibility or liability for their respective privacy practices.
Changes to This Policy
At our discretion, we may change our privacy policy to reflect updates to our business processes, current acceptable practices, or legislative or regulatory changes. If we decide to change this privacy policy, we will post the changes here and on our website. If the changes are significant, or if required by applicable law, we will contact you (based on your selected preferences for communications from us) and all our registered users with the new details and links to the updated or changed policy. If required by law, we will get your permission or give you the opportunity to opt in to or opt out of, as applicable, any new uses of your personal information.
Contact Us
For any questions or concerns regarding your privacy, you may contact us using the following details:
Contact Us Link
newroom
AI Interior Design Assistant
Contact
Pricing
Terms
Privacy
Instagram
Other Sites
PixieMint.com
Zemith.com