nafs-privacy-policy
Privacy Policy for Seed
Company: MindGarden Inc
This Privacy Policy describes our policies and procedures on the collection, use, and disclosure of your information when you use the Service and tells you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you.
We use your personal data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy has been created with the help of the Privacy Policy Generator.
Support
Contact: hey@Seed.app
Interpretation and Definitions
Account
: a unique account created for you to access our Service or parts of our Service.
Affiliate
: an entity that controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with a party, where “control” means ownership of 50% or more of the shares, equity interest, or other securities entitled to vote for election of directors or other managing authority.
Application
: Seed, the software program provided by the Company.
Company (referred to as either “the Company”, “We”, “Us” or “Our” in this Agreement)
: MindGarden C Corp, 2055 Limestone Rd STE 200-C, Wilmington, DE, New Castle, US, 19808.
Country
: Delaware, United States.
Device
: any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone, or a digital tablet.
Personal Data
: any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.
Service
: the Application.
Service Provider
: any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.
Usage Data
: data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
You
: the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.
Collecting and Using Your Personal Data
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
: information that can be used to contact or identify you, such as your email address.
Usage Data
: information collected automatically when using the Service, such as your Device’s Internet Protocol address (e.g., IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers, and other diagnostic data.
Information Collected while Using the Application
While using our Application, in order to provide features of our Service, we may collect, with your prior permission:
Information regarding your location
: We use this information to provide features of our Service, to improve and customize our Service. The information may be uploaded to the Company’s servers and/or a Service Provider’s server or it may be simply stored on your device. You can enable or disable access to this information at any time, through your Device settings.
Information Collected
User email, name, profile image, and a unique ID.
This information is sent to Appsflyer and our analytics platform Mixpanel in order to help improve the experience of the app.
Use of Your Personal Data
We may use your Personal Data for the following purposes:
Face Data
: The only face data we collect is when our users explicity take a picture and upload it to the app in order to have it scanned by the algorithm. We do not sell or use your data for training or to any third party. We simply use this data to provide you with our color theory analysis. This data is kept for as long as your account exists. All images and data associated with your account are deleted when your account is deleted.
To provide and maintain our Service
, including to monitor the usage of our Service.
To manage your Account
: to manage your registration as a user of the Service. The Personal Data you provide can give you access to different functionalities of the Service that are available to you as a registered user.
For the performance of a contract
: the development, compliance, and undertaking of the purchase contract for the products, items, or services you have purchased or of any other contract with Us through the Service.
To contact you
: to contact you by email, telephone calls, SMS, or other equivalent forms of electronic communication, such as a mobile application’s push notifications regarding updates or informative communications related to the functionalities, products, or contracted services, including the security updates, when necessary or reasonable for their implementation.
To provide you with news, special offers, and general information about other goods, services, and events
which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless you have opted not to receive such information.
To manage your requests
: to attend and manage your requests to Us.
For business transfers
: We may use your information to evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which Personal Data held by Us about our Service users is among the assets transferred.
For other purposes
: We may use your information for other purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns, and evaluating and improving our Service, products, services, marketing, and your experience.
Sharing Your Personal Data
We may share your personal information in the following situations:
With Service Providers
: We may share your personal information with Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service, to contact you.
For business transfers
: We may share or transfer your personal information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of Company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of Our business to another company.
With Affiliates
: We may share your information with Our affiliates, in which case we will require those affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy. Affiliates include Our parent company and any other subsidiaries, joint venture partners, or other companies that We control or that are under common control with Us.
With business partners
: We may share your information with Our business partners to offer you certain products, services, or promotions.
With other users
: when you share personal information or otherwise interact in the public areas with other users, such information may be viewed by all users and may be publicly distributed outside.
With Your consent
: We may disclose your personal information for any other purpose with your consent.
Retention of Your Personal Data
We will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
We will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of Our Service, or We are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.
Transfer of Your Personal Data
Your information, including Personal Data, is processed at the Company’s operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located. It means that this information may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country, or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy, and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Delete Your Personal Data
You have the right to delete or request that We assist in deleting the Personal Data that We have collected about you.
Our Service may give you the ability to delete certain information about you from within the Service. You may update, amend, or delete your information at any time by signing in to your Account, if you have one, and visiting the account settings section that allows you to manage your personal information. You may also contact Us to request access to, correct, or delete any personal information that You have provided to Us.
Please note, however, that We may need to retain certain information when We have a legal obligation or lawful basis to do so.
Disclosure of Your Personal Data
Business Transactions
If the Company is involved in a merger, acquisition, or asset sale, your Personal Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.
Law enforcement
Under certain circumstances, the Company may be required to disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g., a court or a government agency).
Other legal requirements
The Company may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
Comply with a legal obligation
Protect and defend the rights or property of the Company
Contact: hey@Seed.app
Prevent or investigate possible
To Delete Your Account
In order to delete your account
Email hey@Seed.app with the subject line: “delete account”. In the body of your email, make sure to send us the email you signed up with.
Logout of the app
Your account will then be deleted within 24 hours by our team