Press Alt+1 for screen-reader mode, Alt+0 to cancel
Accessibility Screen-Reader Guide, Feedback, and Issue Reporting
Donate
Last Updated: October 15, 2024
The Ehlers-Danlos Society
Mobile App Privacy Policy
Introduction
We are The Ehlers-Danlos Society (“Ehlers Danlos”, “us”, “we”, “our”, “The Society”). We are an international nonprofit organization, dedicated to patient support, scientific research, advocacy, and increasing awareness for the Ehlers–Danlos syndromes and hypermobility spectrum disorder. We are registered in England and Wales under registration number 10722868, and we have our registered office at Wayman House 141 Wickham Road, Shirley, Croydon, Surrey, England, CR0 8TE. We are registered with the UK supervisory authority, Information Commissioner’s Office (“ICO”) in relation to our processing of Personal Data under registration number ZB343307.
When using our mobile application, we are the Processor in terms of your Personal Data, which means that you decide what Personal Data to enter and how that data will be used whilst using our app.
We provide our support and services to individuals located in countries all over the world, and we are therefore committed to ensuring we meet our legal obligations when processing personal data under the data protection laws of these countries, which include but are not limited to:
the UK General Data Protection Regulation and the EU General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (together referred to herein as the “GDPR”);
the UK Data Protection Act 2018 (“DPA 2018”)
the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”);
the Canadian Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (“PIPEDA”);
the Colorado Privacy Act (“CPA”);
the Connecticut Data Privacy Act (“CTDPA”);
the Utah Consumer Privacy Act (“UCPA”);
the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (“VCDPA”).
The purpose of this privacy notice is to explain what Personal Data may be processed when you use our app and how we will process it. This privacy notice also explains your rights, so please read it carefully. If you have any questions, you can contact us using the information provided below under the ‘How to Contact Us’ section.
Who This Privacy Notice Applies To
This privacy notice applies to you if:
You download or use our mobile application.
There are additional privacy notices available to view online at
https://www.ehlers-danlos.com/our-policies/
which relate to the other products and services we provide.
Some of the informational resources available to you within our app are hosted externally and may require you to be redirected to our website to view. As our website uses cookies, you will be asked for your cookie preferences prior to any cookies being placed. For more information around the cookies we use on our website, please read our cookie policy which is available from the hyperlink above.
What Is Personal Data
‘Personal Data’ means any information from which someone can be identified either directly or indirectly. For example, you can be identified by your name or an online identifier.
‘Special Category Personal Data’ is more sensitive Personal Data and includes information revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, genetic data, biometric data for the purposes of uniquely identifying someone, data concerning physical or mental health or data concerning someone’s sex life or sexual orientation.
How Our App Collects Your Information
All Personal Data within the app will be collected from or inputted directly by you as the user. We do not collect any additional data from you (device information, usage, location data) whilst you use our app. All data inputted will be stored locally on your device within encrypted files.
Personal Data Our App Collects
The type of Personal Data processed will depend on how you use the mobile app and what Personal Data you decide to enter. There are optional fields which may or may not be completed depending on your preference and you may enter as little or as much information as you wish. Again, this information will only be used by you locally, for example when you use it create a PDF document and export from the app.
If all fields are completed, the mobile app may process your:
Name
Address
Date of Birth
Gender
Pronouns
Email Address
Telephone Number
Special Category Personal/Health Data
Emergency Contacts
Primary Carer and/or GP
Preferred Hospital and/or Clinic
Emergency Instructions
Organ Donor Status
As mentioned in the section above, all information will be stored locally on your device with The Society having no access to your Personal Data.
Purposes and Lawful Basis
We will only process your Personal Data when the law allows. Most commonly, we will process your Personal Data with your consent, or where we have a legitimate interest to do so. The Personal Data processed by our app will only be used locally for the purposes chosen by you as the user.
Sharing Your Personal Data
As the mobile app is installed and runs locally on your device, there is no data transmitted from your device to The Society or any other third party. We can also confirm that there are currently no tracking and/or analytical tools within our mobile application.
International Transfers
As the Personal Data processed by our app is stored locally (on your device), there will be no international transfers of Personal Data.
How Long Our App Keeps Your Data
Any Personal Data entered will be retained locally within the app until deleted by you as the user. When our mobile app is un-installed/deleted from your device, all personal data that was previously inputted will also be removed.
We Protect Your Information
The Ehlers-Danlos Society takes every possible measure to ensure that your information is not compromised in any way. We implement appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect data that we process from unauthorized disclosure, use, alteration or destruction. Therefore, all Personal Data processed by our app is stored locally on your device within encrypted files.
What Are Your Data Protection Rights?
The Ehlers-Danlos Society would like to make sure you are fully aware of your rights. We will always ensure, no matter where you are located in the world, that we adhere to and fully respect your data protection rights. If you wish to exercise your data protection rights, please email
data@ehlers-danlos.com
.
Although when using our app, no information will be shared with The Society, you may choose to engage with us in another way, or via one of our communication channels.
Therefore, if you are in the EU or UK and provide The Society with your Personal Data, you have the following rights:
The right to access
You have the right to request from The Ehlers-Danlos Society copies of your personal data and information about our processing of it.
The right to rectification
You have the right to request that The Ehlers-Danlos Society correct any information you believe to be inaccurate. You also have the right to request The Society to complete information you believe is incomplete.
The right to withdraw
You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time when The Ehlers-Danlos Society are relying on consent as the lawful basis for processing your personal data.
The right to erasure
You have the right to request that The Ehlers-Danlos Society erase your personal data, under certain conditions. Some data that is being used under certain conditions may not be able to be deleted, such as research data, however in these instances we will ensure all data being used is de-identified and cannot be linked with you.
The right to restrict processing
You have the right to request that The Ehlers-Danlos Society restrict the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to object to processing
You have the right to object to The Ehlers-Danlos Society processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.  If you object to us using your Personal Data for marketing purposes, we will stop sending you marketing material.
The right to data portability
You have the right to request that The Ehlers-Danlos Society transfer the data that we have collected to another organization, or directly to you, under certain conditions. If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us.
We do not make significant decisions based solely on automated processing.
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request for access is clearly unfounded or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with the request in such circumstances.
If you wish to exercise your rights, please contact us at
data@ehlers-danlos.com
.
You can also lodge a complaint with your relevant data protection supervisory authority.
If you are located in the US, although The Ehlers-Danlos Society is not currently subject to any state privacy laws, we will always ensure that no matter where you are located, we adhere to and fully respect your data protection rights.
You can find the enacted US state privacy laws listed below:
California Consumer Privacy Act (as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act)
Colorado Privacy Act
The Connecticut Data Privacy Act
Utah Consumer Privacy Act
Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act
Children’s Privacy
The Ehlers-Danlos Society is committed to complying with the ICO’s Childrens Code (UK), the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) and to protecting the online privacy of children under the age of 13. In certain circumstances, we may offer our products and services to children under the age of 13, however we do not knowingly collect Personal Data of children without parental consent, unless permitted by law. If you are a child under the age of 13, you must have your parent’s permission to use our services. If you learn that a child has provided us with their Personal Data without parental consent, you may contact us, as described below, and if appropriate, we will securely and permanently delete it, in accordance with applicable law.
How to Contact Us and Our Data Protection Officer
If you have any questions about The Ehlers-Danlos Society Mobile Privacy Policy, the data we hold about you, or you would like to exercise one of your data protection rights, please do not hesitate to contact us.
Email us at:
data@ehlers-danlos.com
Call us:
+1 410-670-7577 or +44 (0) 203 887 6132.
Or write to us at: The Ehlers-Danlos Society Headquarters
,
447 Broadway, 2
nd
FL #670, New York, NY 10013, USA or The Ehlers-Danlos Society Europe Office, Office 7, 35-37 Ludgate Hill, London, EC4M 7JN, United Kingdom
.
We have also appointed a Data protection Officer (“DPO”). Our DPO is Evalian Limited and can be contacted by
using the above Society email or postal addresses. Please send your communication clearly indicating ‘FAO the ‘Data Protection Officer’ and your message will be passed directly to Evalian Limited for attention.
Our EU Representative
We are based outside the EU and under the EU GDPR, we are required to appoint an EU representative.  The purpose of an EU representative is to make it easy for people in the EU to contact us should they wish to exercise their rights or make a complaint or enquiry in relation to how we are processing their Personal Data. It is also a contact point for the supervisory authorities located in the EU.
Our EU representative is DataRep who can be contacted as follows:
Sending an email to DataRep at
datarequest@datarep.com
quoting ‘The Ehlers-Danlos Society’ in the subject line
Sending an online webform at
www.datarep.com/data-request
Mailing your inquiry to DataRep at the most convenient of the addresses in the table below.
Please note
when mailing inquiries, it is
ESSENTIAL
that you mark your letters for
‘DataRep’
and not The Ehlers-Danlos Society or your inquiry may not reach its destination.
DataRep Postal Address List:
Country
Address
Austria
DataRep, City Tower, Brückenkopfgasse 1/6. Stock, Graz, 8020, Austria
Belgium
DataRep, Place de L’Université 16, Louvain-La-Neuve, Waals Brabant, 1348, Belgium
Bulgaria
DataRep, 132 Mimi Balkanska Str., Sofia, 1540, Bulgaria
Croatia
DataRep, Ground & 9th Floor, Hoto Tower, Savska cesta 32, Zagreb, 10000, Croatia
Cyprus
DataRep, Victory House, 205 Archbishop Makarios Avenue, Limassol, 3030, Cyprus
Czech Republic
DataRep, IQ Ostrava Ground floor, 28. rijna 3346/91, Ostrava-mesto, Moravska, Ostrava, Czech Republic
Denmark
DataRep, Lautruphøj 1-3, Ballerup, 2750, Denmark
Estonia
DataRep, 2
nd
Floor, Tornimae 5, Tallinn, 10145, Estonia
Finland
DataRep, Luna House, 5.krs, Mannerheimintie 12 B, Helsinki, 00100, Finland
France
DataRep, 72 rue de Lessard, Rouen, 76100, France
Germany
DataRep, 3rd and 4th floor, Altmarkt 10 B/D, Dresden, 01067, Germany
Greece
DataRep, 24 Lagoumitzi str, Athens, 17671, Greece
Hungary
DataRep, President Centre, Kálmán Imre utca 1, Budapest, 1054, Hungary
Iceland
DataRep, Kalkofnsvegur 2, 101 Reykjavík, Iceland
Ireland
DataRep, The Cube, Monahan Road, Cork, T12 H1XY, Republic of Ireland
Italy
DataRep, Viale Giorgio Ribotta 11, Piano 1, Rome, Lazio, 00144, Italy
Latvia
DataRep, 4th & 5th floors, 14 Terbatas Street, Riga, LV-1011, Latvia
Liechtenstein
DataRep, City Tower, Brückenkopfgasse 1/6. Stock, Graz, 8020, Austria
Lithuania
DataRep, 44A Gedimino Avenue, 01110 Vilnius, Lithuania
Luxembourg
DataRep, BPM 335368, Banzelt 4 A, 6921, Roodt-sur-Syre, Luxembourg
Malta
DataRep, Tower Business Centre, 2nd floor, Tower Street, Swatar, BKR4013, Malta
Netherlands
DataRep, Cuserstraat 93, Floor 2 and 3, Amsterdam, 1081 CN, Netherlands
Norway
DataRep, C.J. Hambros Plass 2c, Oslo, 0164, Norway
Poland
DataRep, Budynek Fronton ul Kamienna 21, Krakow, 31-403, Poland
Portugal
DataRep, Torre de Monsanto, Rua Afonso Praça 30, 7th floor, Algès, Lisbon, 1495-061, Portugal
Romania
DataRep, 15 Piaţa Charles de Gaulle, nr. 1-T, Bucureşti, Sectorul 1, 011857,
Romania
Slovakia
DataRep, Apollo Business Centre II, Block E / 9th floor, 4D Prievozska, Bratislava, 821 09, Slovakia
Slovenia
DataRep, Trg. Republike 3, Floor 3, Ljubljana, 1000, Slovenia
Spain
DataRep, Calle de Manzanares 4, Madrid, 28005, Spain
Sweden
DataRep, S:t Johannesgatan 2, 4th floor, Malmo, SE – 211 46, Sweden
How To Complain
You have the right to lodge a complaint with the relevant supervisory authority if you are concerned about the way in which we are handling your Personal Data. The supervisory authority in the UK is the Information Commissioner’s Office who can be contacted online at:
Contact us | ICO
, or by telephone on 0303 123 1113
For supervisory authorities in other countries within the EU see the link below:
https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/about-edpb/members_en
Policy Review and Amendments
We may update this notice (and any supplemental privacy notice), from time to time as shown below. We will notify of the changes where required by applicable law to do so.
Last modified: 15th
October 2024.
#TogetherWeDazzle
Follow us on social media.
facebook-f
threads
instagram
youtube
inspire
bluesky
Sign up to The Ehlers-Danlos Society mailing list
Click here to sign up
Select Language
العربية
Čeština‎
Dansk
Deutsch
Ελληνικά
English
Español
Français
हिन्दी
Italiano
עִבְרִית
Nederlands
日本語
Norsk bokmål
Polski
Português
ਪੰਜਾਬੀ
Русский
Suomi
Svenska
Türkçe
简体中文
Donate
We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept All”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However you may visit Cookie Settings to provide a controlled consent.
Read More
Cookie settings
Manage consent
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities...
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
Cookie
Duration
Description
__stripe_mid
1 year
Stripe sets this cookie cookie to process payments.
__stripe_sid
30 minutes
Stripe sets this cookie cookie to process payments.
_GRECAPTCHA
5 months 27 days
This cookie is set by the Google recaptcha service to identify bots to protect the website against malicious spam attacks.
AWSALBCORS
7 days
This cookie is managed by Amazon Web Services and is used for load balancing.
cookielawinfo-checkbox-advertisement
1 year
Set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin, this cookie is used to record the user consent for the cookies in the "Advertisement" category .
cookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics
11 months
This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics".
cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional
11 months
The cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional".
cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary
11 months
This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary".
cookielawinfo-checkbox-others
11 months
This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other.
cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance
11 months
This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance".
CookieLawInfoConsent
1 year
Records the default button state of the corresponding category & the status of CCPA. It works only in coordination with the primary cookie.
JSESSIONID
session
The JSESSIONID cookie is used by New Relic to store a session identifier so that New Relic can monitor session counts for an application.
PHPSESSID
session
This cookie is native to PHP applications. The cookie is used to store and identify a users' unique session ID for the purpose of managing user session on the website. The cookie is a session cookies and is deleted when all the browser windows are closed.
viewed_cookie_policy
11 months
The cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data.
Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
Cookie
Duration
Description
__cf_bm
30 minutes
This cookie, set by Cloudflare, is used to support Cloudflare Bot Management.
Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
Cookie
Duration
Description
AWSALB
7 days
AWSALB is an application load balancer cookie set by Amazon Web Services to map the session to the target.
Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
Cookie
Duration
Description
_ga
2 years
The _ga cookie, installed by Google Analytics, calculates visitor, session and campaign data and also keeps track of site usage for the site's analytics report. The cookie stores information anonymously and assigns a randomly generated number to recognize unique visitors.
_gat_gtag_UA_113340939_1
1 minute
Set by Google to distinguish users.
_gcl_au
3 months
Provided by Google Tag Manager to experiment advertisement efficiency of websites using their services.
_gid
1 day
Installed by Google Analytics, _gid cookie stores information on how visitors use a website, while also creating an analytics report of the website's performance. Some of the data that are collected include the number of visitors, their source, and the pages they visit anonymously.
ahoy_visit
4 hours
This cookie is set by Powr for analytics measurement.
ahoy_visitor
2 years
This cookie is set by Powr for analytics measurement.
CONSENT
2 years
YouTube sets this cookie via embedded youtube-videos and registers anonymous statistical data.
Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
Cookie
Duration
Description
_fbp
3 months
This cookie is set by Facebook to display advertisements when either on Facebook or on a digital platform powered by Facebook advertising, after visiting the website.
fr
3 months
Facebook sets this cookie to show relevant advertisements to users by tracking user behaviour across the web, on sites that have Facebook pixel or Facebook social plugin.
IDE
1 year 24 days
Google DoubleClick IDE cookies are used to store information about how the user uses the website to present them with relevant ads and according to the user profile.
NID
6 months
NID cookie, set by Google, is used for advertising purposes; to limit the number of times the user sees an ad, to mute unwanted ads, and to measure the effectiveness of ads.
test_cookie
15 minutes
The test_cookie is set by doubleclick.net and is used to determine if the user's browser supports cookies.
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE
5 months 27 days
A cookie set by YouTube to measure bandwidth that determines whether the user gets the new or old player interface.
YSC
session
YSC cookie is set by Youtube and is used to track the views of embedded videos on Youtube pages.
yt-remote-connected-devices
never
YouTube sets this cookie to store the video preferences of the user using embedded YouTube video.
yt-remote-device-id
never
YouTube sets this cookie to store the video preferences of the user using embedded YouTube video.
yt.innertube::nextId
never
This cookie, set by YouTube, registers a unique ID to store data on what videos from YouTube the user has seen.
yt.innertube::requests
never
This cookie, set by YouTube, registers a unique ID to store data on what videos from YouTube the user has seen.
Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
Cookie
Duration
Description
_network_for_good_drm_session
session
No description
_TS_
1 hour
No description
DEVICE_INFO
5 months 27 days
No description
m
2 years
No description available.
twp_session
1 hour
No description available.
whova_client_id
10 years
No description
wp_woocommerce_session_34b7f43f52f04b07c00e822d4e7f5de7
2 days
No description
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://oag.ca.gov/privacy/ccpa:
Skip to main content
Home
About
Who We Are
About AG Rob Bonta
About the Office of the Attorney General
History of the Office
What We Do
Public Safety
Opinions and Quo Warranto
Research Advisory Panel
Research Center
Children & Families
Civil Rights
Consumer Protection
Environment & Public Health
What We're Working On
Housing
Office of Gun Violence Prevention
21st Century Policing
Consumer Protection and Economic Opportunity
Health Care
Environmental Justice
Equality
Immigration
Children’s Rights
OpenJustice
Media
Media Center
Press Releases
Media Library
Social Media
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube
Careers
Career Opportunities
How to Apply
Assessments
Job Vacancies
Internships & Student Positions
Become a Special Agent
Become a Deputy Attorney General
Organization of the Office
About the Office
Legal Services Divisions
Division of Law Enforcement
California Justice Information Services (CJIS)
Administration
AG Honors Program & Geoffrey Wright Solicitor General Fellowship
Attorney General's Honors Program
Geoffrey Wright Solicitor General Fellowship
Regulations
Resources
For Businesses
Submit Data Security Breach
Privacy Resources
SB 478 - Hidden Fees
Service on the Attorney General
Office Locations / Status Updates
Laws Requiring Service on the AG
Open Government
Overview
Ballot Initiatives
Conflicts of Interest
Criminal Justice Statistics
Public Records
Publications
Grants
Grant Opportunities
Programs
Programs
See All Programs
Most Popular
Charities
Megan's Law
CURES
Service on the Attorney General
Division of Medi-Cal Fraud & Elder Abuse
Most Popular
Permits & Registrations
Prop 65 – Safe Drinking Water
Missing Persons
Data Security Breach
Human Trafficking
Appointments
Contact
Contact Us
Contact Us - En español
Contáctenos/Formularios
Service on the Attorney General
Home
Privacy
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)
Updated on March 13, 2024
The
California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018
(CCPA) gives consumers more control over the personal information that businesses collect about them and the
CCPA regulations
provide guidance on how to implement the law.  This landmark law secures new privacy rights for California consumers, including:
The
right to know
about the personal information a business collects about them and how it is used and shared;
The
right to delete
personal information collected from them (with some exceptions);
The
right to opt-out
of the sale or sharing of their personal information including via the
GPC
;
The
right to non-discrimination
for exercising their CCPA rights.
In November of 2020, California voters approved
Proposition 24, the CPRA
, which amended the CCPA and added new additional privacy protections that began on January 1, 2023. As of January 1, 2023, consumers have new rights in addition to those above, such as:
The
right to correct
inaccurate personal information that a business has about them; and
The
right to limit
the use and disclosure of sensitive personal information collected about them.
Businesses
that are subject to the CCPA have several responsibilities, including responding to consumer requests to exercise these rights and giving consumers certain
notices explaining their privacy practices
. The CCPA applies to many businesses, including
data brokers
.
CPRA amends the CCPA; it does not create a separate, new law.  As a result, our office typically refers to the law as “CCPA” or “CCPA, as amended.”
Links to Topics
A. GENERAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE CCPA
B. RIGHT TO OPT-OUT OF SALE OR SHARING
C. REQUESTS TO KNOW
D. REQUESTS TO DELETE
E. REQUESTS TO CORRECT
F. REQUESTS TO LIMIT USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
G. RIGHT TO NON-DISCRIMINATION
H. REQUIRED NOTICES
I. DATA BROKERS AND THE CCPA
Other Consumer Resources on CCPA
Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)
These FAQs provide general consumer information about the CCPA and how you can exercise your rights under the CCPA. They are not legal advice, regulatory guidance, or an opinion of the Attorney General. We will update this information periodically.
A. GENERAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE CCPA
1. What rights do I have under the CCPA?
If you are a California resident, you may ask businesses to disclose what personal information they have about you and what they do with that information, to delete your personal information, to direct businesses not to sell or share your personal information, to correct inaccurate information that they have about you, and to limit businesses’ use and disclosure of your sensitive personal information:
Right to know
: You can request that a business disclose to you: (1) the categories and/or specific pieces of personal information they have collected about you, (2) the categories of sources for that personal information, (3) the purposes for which the business uses that information, (4) the categories of third parties with whom the business discloses the information, and (5) the categories of information that the business sells or discloses to third parties. You can make a request to know up to twice a year, free of charge.
Right to delete
: You can request that businesses delete personal information they collected from you and tell their service providers to do the same, subject to certain exceptions (such as if the business is legally required to keep the information).
Right to opt-out of sale or sharing
: You may request that businesses stop selling or sharing your personal information (“opt-out”), including via a user-enabled global privacy control. Businesses cannot sell or share your personal information after they receive your opt-out request unless you later authorize them to do so again.
Right to correct
: You may ask businesses to correct inaccurate information that they have about you.
Right to limit use and disclosure of sensitive personal information
: You can direct businesses to only use your sensitive personal information (for example, your social security number, financial account information, your precise geolocation data, or your genetic data) for limited purposes, such as providing you with the services you requested.
You also have the right to be notified, before or at the point businesses collect your personal information, of the types of personal information they are collecting and what they may do with that information. Generally, businesses cannot discriminate against you for exercising your rights under the CCPA. Businesses cannot make you waive these rights, and any contract provision that says you waive these rights is unenforceable.
2. What if I am not a California resident?
Only California residents have rights under the CCPA. A California resident is a natural person (as opposed to a corporation or other business entity) who resides in California, even if the person is temporarily outside of the state.
3. What is considered personal information and sensitive personal information under the CCPA?
Personal information
is information that identifies, relates to, or could reasonably be linked with you or your household. For example, it could include your name, social security number, email address, records of products purchased, internet browsing history, geolocation data, fingerprints, and inferences from other personal information that could create a profile about your preferences and characteristics.
Sensitive personal information
is a specific subset of personal information that includes certain government identifiers (such as social security numbers); an account log-in, financial account, debit card, or credit card number with any required security code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account; precise geolocation; contents of mail, email, and text messages; genetic data; biometric information processed to identify a consumer; information concerning a consumer’s health, sex life, or sexual orientation; or information about racial or ethnic origin, religious or philosophical beliefs, or union membership. Consumers have the right to also limit a business’s use and disclosure of their sensitive personal information.
Personal information does not include publicly available information (including public real estate/property records) and certain
types of information
.
4. What is not considered personal information under the CCPA?
Personal information does not include publicly available information that is from federal, state, or local government records, such as professional licenses and public real estate/property records.  The definition of publicly available information also includes information that a business has a reasonable basis to believe is lawfully made available to the general public by the consumer or from widely distributed media, or certain information disclosed by a consumer and made available if the consumer has not restricted the information to a specific audience.
The CCPA also exempts certain types of information such as certain medical information and consumer credit reporting information.
5. What businesses does the CCPA apply to?
The CCPA applies to for-profit businesses that do business in California and meet any of the following:
Have a gross annual revenue of over $25 million;
Buy, sell, or share the personal information of 100,000 or more California residents or households; or
Derive 50% or more of their annual revenue from selling California residents’ personal information.
6. Does the CCPA apply to nonprofits or government agencies?
The CCPA generally does not apply to nonprofit organizations or government agencies.
7. What can I do if I think a business violated the CCPA?
You cannot sue businesses for most CCPA violations. You can only sue a business under the CCPA if there is a data breach, and even then, only under limited circumstances. You can sue a business if your nonencrypted and nonredacted personal information was stolen in a data breach as a result of the business’s failure to maintain reasonable security procedures and practices to protect it. If this happens, you can sue for the amount of monetary damages you actually suffered from the breach or “statutory damages” of up to $750 per incident. Before suing, you must give the business written notice of which CCPA sections it violated and allow 30 days to respond in writing that it has cured the violations and that no further violations will occur. If the business is able to actually cure the violation and gives you its written statement that it has done so, you cannot sue the business, unless it continues to violate the CCPA contrary to its statement.
For all other violations of the CCPA, only the Attorney General or the California Privacy Protection Agency may take legal action against non-compliant entities. The Attorney General does not represent individual California consumers. Using consumer complaints and other information, the Attorney General may identify patterns of misconduct that may lead to investigations and actions on behalf of the collective legal interests of the people of California. If you believe a business has violated the CCPA, you may
file a consumer complaint
with the Office of the Attorney General. If you choose to file a complaint with our office, explain exactly how the business violated the CCPA, and describe when and how the violation occurred. Please note that the Attorney General cannot represent you or give you legal advice on how to resolve your individual complaint.  Starting on July 1, 2023, you also will be able to file complaints with the
California Privacy Protection Agency
for violations of the CCPA, as amended, occurring on or after that date.
8. What kind of data breach can I sue a business for under the CCPA?
You can only sue businesses under the CCPA if certain conditions are met. The type of personal information that must have been stolen is your first name (or first initial) and last name in combination with any of the following:
Your social security number
Your driver’s license number, tax identification number, passport number, military identification number, or other unique identification number issued on a government document commonly used to identify a person's identity
Your financial account number, credit card number, or debit card number if combined with any required security code, access code, or password that would allow someone access to your account
Your medical or health insurance information
Your fingerprint, retina or iris image, or other unique biometric data used to identify a person's identity (but not including photographs unless used or stored for facial recognition purposes)
This personal information must have been stolen in nonencrypted and nonredacted form. In addition, the personal information must have been stolen in a data breach as a result of the business’s failure to maintain reasonable security procedures and practices to protect it. If this happens, you can sue for the amount of monetary damages you actually suffered from the breach or “statutory damages” of up to $750 per incident. Before suing, you must give the business written notice of which CCPA sections it violated and allow 30 days to respond in writing that it has cured the violations and that no further violations will occur. If the business is able to actually cure the violation and gives you its written statement that it has done so, you cannot sue the business, unless it continues to violate the CCPA contrary to its statement.
9. Do businesses need to comply with the statutory CPRA amendments to the CCPA that went into effect on January 1, 2023?
Yes. As of January 1, 2023, the CPRA’s amendments to the CCPA are in effect, and businesses are required to comply with all express statutory requirements. Businesses are also required to comply with those CCPA regulations currently in effect.
10. Are there any CCPA regulations currently in effect?
Yes. The California Department of Justice promulgated an initial round of regulations implementing the CCPA on August 14, 2020 and further amended on March 15, 2021. Those regulations were recently updated by the California Privacy Protection Agency. These regulations appear in
Title 11, Division 6, Section 7001 et seq. of the California Code of Regulations
and were effective on March 29, 2023.
11. Are the statutory exemptions for employee data and business-to-business transactions still in effect?
No. The exemptions for employment-related personal information and personal information reflecting business-to-business transactions described in Civil Code Sec. 1798.145(m)-(n) expired on December 31, 2022.
12. Can I use an authorized agent to submit a request?
Yes.  You may authorize another person to submit a CCPA request on your behalf.  You may also authorize a business entity registered with the California Secretary of State to submit a request on your behalf.
Please note that if you use an authorized agent, businesses may require more information from either the authorized agent or from you to verify that you are the person directing the agent.  For example, for requests to know or delete your personal information, the business may require the authorized agent to provide proof that you gave that agent signed permission to submit the request.  Businesses may also require you to verify your identity directly with the business or directly confirm with the business that you gave the authorized agent permission to submit the request.
Back To Top
B. RIGHT TO OPT-OUT OF SALE OR SHARING
1. What is the right to opt-out?
You may request that businesses stop selling or sharing your personal information (“opt-out”).  Note that sharing refers specifically to sharing for cross-context behavioral advertising, which is the targeting of advertising to a
consumer
based on the
consumer
’s
personal information
obtained from the
consumer
’s online activity across numerous websites. With some exceptions, businesses cannot sell or share your personal information after they receive your opt-out request unless you later provide authorization allowing them to do so again. Businesses must wait at least 12 months before asking you to opt back in to the sale or sharing of your personal information.
2. Can businesses sell a child’s personal information?
Businesses can only sell the personal information of a child that they know to be under the age of 16 if they get affirmative authorization (“opt-in”) for the sale of the child’s personal information. For children under the age of 13, that opt-in must come from the child’s parent or guardian. For children who are at least 13 years old but under the age of 16, the opt-in can come from the child.
3. How do I submit my opt-out request?
Businesses that sell personal information are subject to the CCPA's requirement to provide a clear and conspicuous “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” link on their website that allows you to submit an opt-out request. Businesses cannot require you to create an account in order to submit your request. Businesses also should not require you to verify your identity, though they can ask you basic questions to identify which personal information is associated with you.
You can also submit an opt-out request via a user-enabled global privacy control, like the GPC, discussed in FAQ 8 & 9 below. If you can’t find a business’s “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” link, review its privacy policy to see if it sells or shares personal information. If the business does, it must also include that link in its privacy policy.
If a business’s "Do Not Sell My Personal Information" link or other designated method of submitting opt-out requests is not working or difficult to find, you may report the business to our office (
https://oag.ca.gov/contact/consumer-complaint-against-business-or-company
).
4. How long does the business have to respond to my opt-out request?
Businesses must respond as soon as feasibly possible to your request, up to a maximum of 15 business days from the date they received your request to opt-out.
5. Why is the business asking me for more information?
While businesses are not required to verify that the person submitting an opt-out request is really the consumer for whom the business has personal information, they may need to ask you for additional information to make sure they stop selling the right person’s personal information. If the business asks for personal information to verify your identity, it can only use that information for this verification purpose.
6. Why did the business deny my opt-out request?
There are some exceptions to the opt-out right. Common reasons why businesses may refuse to stop selling your personal information include:
Sale or sharing is necessary for the business to comply with legal obligations, exercise legal claims or rights, or defend legal claims
The information is publicly available information, certain medical information, consumer credit reporting information, or other types of information exempt from the CCPA.
See
Civil Code section 1798.145
for more exceptions.
If you do not know why a business denied your opt-out request, follow up with the business to ask it for its reasons.
7. Why did I get a response that the business is a service provider that does not have to act on my request?
Many businesses use other businesses to provide services for them. For example, a retailer may contract with a payment card processor to process customer credit card transactions or a shipping company to deliver orders. These entities may qualify as “service providers” under the CCPA.
The CCPA treats service providers differently than the businesses they serve. It is the business that is responsible for responding to consumer requests.  If you submit a request to opt-out to a service provider of a business instead of the business itself, the service provider may deny the request. You must submit your request to the business itself.
If a service provider has said that it does not or cannot act on your request because it is a service provider, you may follow up to ask who the business is. However, sometimes the service provider will not be able to provide that information. You may be able to determine who the business is based on the services that the service provider provides, although sometimes this may be difficult or impossible.
8. What is the GPC?
Businesses that sell or share personal information must offer two or more methods for consumers to submit requests to opt-out of the sale of their personal information. For businesses that collect personal information from consumers online, one acceptable method for consumers to opt-out of sales or sharing is via a user-enabled global privacy control, like the
GPC
.  Developed in response to the CCPA and to enhance consumer privacy rights, the GPC is a ‘stop selling or sharing my data switch’ that is available on some internet browsers, like Mozilla Firefox, Duck Duck Go, and Brave, or as a browser extension. It is a proposed technical standard that reflects what the CCPA regulations contemplated – some consumers want a comprehensive option that broadly signals their opt-out request, as opposed to making requests on multiple websites on different browsers or devices. Opting out of the sale or sharing of personal information should be easy for consumers, and the GPC is one option for consumers who want to submit requests to opt-out of the sale or sharing of personal information via a user-enabled global privacy control. Under law, it must be honored by covered businesses as a valid consumer request to stop the sale or sharing of personal information.
To learn more about the GPC, you can also visit
https://oag.ca.gov/privacy/ccpa/gpc
9. How do I submit my opt-out request using the GPC?
To learn more about the GPC, you can visit its website
here
.  Developers have begun to innovate around the GPC and created different mechanisms for consumers, such as EFF’s
Privacy Badger
extension or the Brave Privacy Browser.
Back To Top
C. REQUESTS TO KNOW
1. What is the right to know?
You may request that businesses disclose to you what personal information they have collected, used, shared, or sold about you, and why they collected, used, shared, or sold that information. Specifically, you may request that businesses disclose:
The categories of personal information collected
Specific pieces of personal information collected
The categories of sources from which the business collected personal information
The purposes for which the business uses the personal information
The categories of third parties with whom the business shares the personal information
The categories of information that the business sells or discloses to third parties
Businesses must provide you this information for the 12-month period preceding your request. They must provide this information to you free of charge.
2. How do I submit my request to know?
Businesses must designate at least two methods for you to submit your request—for example, an email address, website form, or hard copy form. One of those methods has to be a toll-free phone number and, if the business has a website, one of those methods has to be through its website. However, if a business operates exclusively online, it only needs to provide an email address for submitting requests to know.
Businesses cannot make you create an account just to submit a request to know, but if you already have an account with the business, it may require you to submit your request through that account.
Make sure you submit your request to know through one of the business’s designated methods, which may be different from its normal customer service contact information. If you can’t find a business’s designated methods, review its privacy policy, which must include instructions on how you can submit your request.
If a business’s designated method of submitting requests to know is not working, notify the business in writing and consider submitting your request through another designated method if possible.
3. How long does the business have to respond to my request to know?
Businesses must respond to your request within 45 calendar days. They can extend that deadline by another 45 days (90 days total) if they notify you.
If you submitted a request to know and have not received any response within the timeline, check the business’s privacy policy to make sure you submitted your request through the designated way. Follow up with the business to see if the business is subject to the CCPA and to follow up on your request.
4. Why is the business asking me for more information?
Businesses must verify that the person making a request to know is the consumer about whom the business has personal information. Businesses may need to ask you for additional information for verification purposes. If the business asks for personal information to verify your identity, it can only use that information for this verification purpose.
5. Why did the business deny my request to know?
There are some exceptions to the right to know. Common reasons why businesses may refuse to disclose your personal information include:
The business cannot verify your request
The request is manifestly unfounded or excessive, or the business has already provided personal information to you more than twice in a 12-month period
Businesses cannot disclose certain sensitive information, such as your social security number, financial account number, or account passwords, but they must tell you if they’re collecting that type of information
Disclosure would restrict the business’s ability to comply with legal obligations, exercise legal claims or rights, or defend legal claims
If the personal information is certain medical information, consumer credit reporting information, or other types of information exempt from the CCPA
See
Civil Code section 1798.145
for more exceptions.
If you do not know why a business denied your request to know, follow up with the business to ask it for its reasons.
6. Why did I get a response that the business is a service provider that does not have to act on my request?
Many businesses use other businesses to provide services for them. For example, a retailer may contract with a payment card processor to process customer credit card transactions or a shipping company to deliver orders. These entities may qualify as “service providers” under the CCPA.
The CCPA treats service providers differently than the businesses they serve. It is the business that is responsible for responding to consumer requests.  If you submit a request to know to a service provider of a business instead of the business itself, the service provider may deny the request. You must submit your request to the business itself.
If a service provider has said that it does not or cannot act on your request because it is a service provider, you may follow up to ask who the business is. However, sometimes the service provider will not be able to provide that information. You may be able to determine who the business is based on the services that the service provider provides, although sometimes this may be difficult or impossible.
Back To Top
D. REQUESTS TO DELETE
1. What is my right to delete personal information?
You may request that businesses delete personal information they collected from you and to tell their service providers to do the same. However, there are
many exceptions
(see FAQ D.5) that allow businesses to keep your personal information.
2. How do I submit my right to delete?
Review the business’s privacy policy, which must include instructions on how you can submit your request to delete.
Businesses must designate at least two methods for you to submit your request—for example, a toll-free number, email address, website form, or hard copy form. However, if a business operates exclusively online, it only needs to provide an email address for submitting requests.
Businesses cannot make you create an account just to submit a deletion request, but if you already have an account with the business, it may require you to submit your request through that account.
Make sure you submit your deletion request through one of the business’s designated methods, which may be different from its normal customer service contact information.
If a business’s designated method of submitting requests to delete is not working, notify the business in writing and consider submitting your request through another designated method if possible.
3. How long does the business have to respond to my request to delete?
Businesses must respond to your request within 45 calendar days. They can extend that deadline by another 45 days (90 days total) if they notify you.
If you submitted a request to delete and have not received any response within the timeline, check the business’s privacy policy to make sure you submitted your request through the designated way. Follow up with the business to see if the business is subject to the CCPA and to follow up on your request.
4. Why is the business asking me for more information?
Businesses must verify that the person making a request to delete is the consumer about whom the business has personal information. Businesses may need to ask you for additional information for verification purposes. If the business asks for personal information to verify your identity, it can only use that information for this verification purpose.
5. Why did the business deny my request to delete?
There are exceptions to the right to delete. Common reasons why businesses may keep your personal information include:
If the information is exempt from the CCPA.  This includes:
Publicly available information (such as your address, which is often in public real estate/property records)
.  However, if you are a law enforcement officer, public official, or Safe at Home participant (available to victims of domestic violence, stalking, sexual assault, human trafficking, elder and dependent abuse, as well as reproductive health workers), you may request a website to not publicly post your address as described
here
.
Certain
types of information
such as medical information or consumer credit reporting information.
The business cannot verify your request
To complete your transaction, provide a reasonably anticipated product or service, or for certain warranty and product recall purposes
For certain business security practices
For certain internal uses that are compatible with reasonable consumer expectations or the context in which the information was provided
To comply with legal obligations, exercise legal claims or rights, or defend legal claims
If the personal information is certain medical information, consumer credit reporting information, or other types of information exempt from the CCPA
See
Civil Code sections 1798.105(d)
and
1798.145
for more exceptions.
If you do not know why a business denied your request to delete, follow up with the business to ask it for its reasons.
6. Why did I get a response that the business is a service provider that does not have to act on my request?
Many businesses use other businesses to provide services for them. For example, a retailer may contract with a payment card processor to process customer credit card transactions or a shipping company to deliver orders. These entities may qualify as “service providers” under the CCPA.
The CCPA treats service providers differently than the businesses they serve. It is the business that is responsible for responding to consumer requests.  If you submit a request to delete to a service provider of a business instead of the business itself, the service provider may deny the request. You must submit your request to the business itself.
If a service provider has said that it does not or cannot act on your request because it is a service provider, you may follow up to ask who the business is. However, sometimes the service provider will not be able to provide that information. You may be able to determine who the business is based on the services that the service provider provides, although sometimes this may be difficult or impossible.
7. Why is a debt collector still calling me about my debt even though I asked it to delete my information?
Creditors, collection agencies, and other debt collectors can still try to collect debts that you owe even if you asked them to delete your personal information. Learn more about debt collectors—including what they can and can’t do—
here
.
8. Why is a credit reporting agency still giving out my credit information even though I asked it to delete my information?
Credit reporting agencies like Equifax, Experian, and TransUnion can still collect and disclose your credit information, subject to regulation under the
Fair Credit Reporting Act
. Learn more about your rights under the Fair Credit Reporting Act
here
. Learn more about how to check and fix your credit report
here
.
Back To Top
E. REQUESTS TO CORRECT 
 (RIGHT TO CORRECT)
1. What is the right to correct?
You may ask businesses to correct inaccurate information that they have about you.
The California Privacy Protection Agency is currently engaged in a formal rulemaking process and has
proposed CCPA regulations pertaining to the right to correct
, but these are not currently final or effective.
2.  How do I submit my request to correct?
Review the business’s privacy policy, which should include instructions on how you can submit your request to correct.
Businesses must designate at least two methods for you to submit your request—for example, a toll-free number, email address, website form, or hard copy form. However, if a business operates exclusively online, it only needs to provide an email address for submitting requests.
Businesses cannot make you create an account just to submit a correction request, but if you already have an account with the business, it may require you to submit your request through that account.
Make sure you submit your correction request through one of the business’s designated methods, which may be different from its normal customer service contact information.
If a business’s designated method of submitting requests to correct is not working, notify the business in writing and consider submitting your request through another designated method if possible.
3. How long does the business have to respond to my request to correct?
Businesses must respond to your request within 45 calendar days. They can extend that deadline by another 45 days (90 days total) if they notify you.
If you submitted a request to correct and have not received any response within the timeline, check the business’s privacy policy to make sure you submitted your request through the designated way. Follow up with the business to see if the business is subject to the CCPA and to follow up on your request.
4. Why is the business asking me for more information?
Businesses must verify that the person making a request to correct is the consumer about whom the business has personal information. Businesses may need to ask you for additional information for verification purposes. If the business asks for personal information to verify your identity, it can only use that information for this verification purpose.
5. Why did the business deny my request to correct?
There are exceptions to the right to correct. Common reasons why businesses may deny your request to correct include:
The business cannot verify your identity to complete your request
The request is manifestly unfounded or excessive
The information is publicly available information, certain medical information, consumer credit reporting information, or other types of information exempt from the CCPA
If you do not know why a business denied your request to correct, follow up with the business to ask it for its reasons.
Back To Top
F. REQUESTS TO LIMIT USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION (RIGHT TO LIMIT)
1. What is the right to limit?
You can direct businesses to only use your sensitive personal information (for example, your social security number, financial account information, your precise geolocation data, or your genetic data) for limited purposes, such as providing you with the services you requested.
The California Privacy Protection Agency is currently engaged in a formal rulemaking process and has
proposed CCPA regulations pertaining to the right to limit
, but these are not currently final or effective.
Back To Top
G. RIGHT TO NON-DISCRIMINATION
Businesses cannot deny goods or services, charge you a different price, or provide a different level or quality of goods or services just because you exercised your rights under the CCPA.
However, if you refuse to provide your personal information to a business or ask it to delete or stop selling your personal information, and that personal information or sale is necessary for the business to provide you with goods or services, the business may not be able to complete that transaction.
Businesses can also offer you promotions, discounts and other deals in exchange for collecting, keeping, or selling your personal information. But they can only do this if the financial incentive offered is reasonably related to the value of your personal information. If you ask a business to delete or stop selling your personal information, you may not be able to continue participating in the special deals they offer in exchange for personal information. If you are not sure how your request may affect your participation in a special offer, ask the business.
Back To Top
H. REQUIRED NOTICES
1. What is a notice at collection?
The CCPA requires businesses to give consumers certain information in a “notice at collection.” A notice at collection must list the categories of personal information businesses collect about consumers and the purposes for which they use the categories of information. (To find out how you can learn what specific information a business has collected about you, see the
Right to Know section
.)  If the business sells consumers’ personal information, then the notice at collection must include a
Do Not Sell or Share link
. The notice must also contain a link to the business’s privacy policy, where consumers can get a fuller description of the business’s privacy practices and of their privacy rights.
2. Where can I find a business’s notice at collection?
This notice must be provided
at or before
the point at which the business collects your personal information. For example, you might find a link to the notice at collection on a website’s homepage and on a webpage where you place an order or enter your personal information for another reason. On a mobile app, you might find a link to the notice in the settings menu. In a retail store, you might find the notice on a printed form used to collect your personal information.
3. What is a privacy policy?
A business’s privacy policy is a written statement that gives a broad picture of its online and offline practices for the collection, use, sharing, and sale of consumers’ personal information. The CCPA requires business privacy policies to include information on consumers’ privacy rights and how to exercise them: the
Right to Know
, the
Right to Delete
, the
Right to Opt-Out of Sale
, the
the Right to Correct
, the
the Right to Limit
, and the
Right to Non-Discrimination
.
4. Where can I find a business’s privacy policy?
Most businesses post their privacy policy on their websites. A link to it can usually be found at the bottom of the homepage and other webpages. The link’s title may include “Privacy” or “California Privacy Rights.” In a mobile app, the privacy policy may be linked on the download page for the app or in the app’s settings menu.
Back To Top
I. DATA BROKERS AND THE CCPA
1. What is a data broker?
Another California law,
Civil Code section 1798.99.80
, defines a data broker as “a business that knowingly collects and sells to third parties the personal information of a consumer with whom the business does not have a direct relationship.” This law exempts certain businesses that are regulated by other laws from this definition. Exempted businesses include consumer reporting agencies (commonly known as credit bureaus) and certain financial institutions and insurance companies.
Data brokers collect information about consumers from many sources including websites, other businesses, and public records. The data broker analyzes and packages the data for sale to other businesses.
2. How can I find data brokers that collect and sell my personal information?
The
California law on data brokers
requires data brokers covered by the law to register with the Attorney General and to provide certain information on their practices. The Data Broker Registry can be found on the Attorney General’s website at
https://oag.ca.gov/data-brokers
.
Data brokers are subject to the CCPA. On the Data Broker Registry website, you will find contact information and a website link for each registered data broker, as well as additional information to help you exercise your CCPA rights.
3. How can I stop a data broker from selling my personal information?
You can click on the “View Full Submission” link on the
Data Broker Registry
to get instructions on how to opt-out of the sale of your personal information. However, you may not be able to stop the sale of all of your information. The CCPA’s definition of “personal information” does not include information lawfully made available from government records, which are often sources used by data brokers.
You can also go to a data broker’s website through the link posted on the Registry and find the broker’s privacy policy to learn more about its privacy practices and how to exercise your CCPA rights.
Back To Top
Other Consumer Resources on CCPA
California Privacy Protection Agency’s FAQ on the CCPA
Consumer-Action.org
Take action! Exercise your rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act
Back To Top
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) Home
CCPA Enforcement Case Examples
File a Complaint
CCPA Regulations
CCPA Opt-Out Icon
Preliminary Rulemaking Activities
Global Privacy Control (GPC)
Privacy and Data Security
Privacy and Data Security Home
Business Privacy Resources
California Consumer Privacy Act
Consumer Privacy Resources
Data Breaches
Identity Theft
Privacy Enforcement Actions
Report a Breach
Protecting Children Online
Resources for Law Enforcement
Special Protection
Data Brokers
Data Broker Listing
Original text
Rate this translation
Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate
Sub-policy 1
https://coag.gov/resources/colorado-privacy-act/#:~:text=The%20CPA%20grants%20Colorado%20Consumers,or%20certain%20kinds%20of%20profiling.:
Skip to Content
CPA Information
On July 7, 2021, Governor Polis signed Senate Bill 21-190: Protect Personal Data Privacy establishing the Colorado Privacy Act (CPA). The CPA tasked the Colorado Attorney General with implementing and enforcing the CPA, including adopting new rules. The CPA is a part of the State of Colorado’s Consumer Protection Act and went into effect July 1, 2023.
The CPA grants Colorado Consumers new rights with respect to their personal data, including the right to access, delete, and correct their personal data as well as the right to opt out of the sale of their personal data or its use for targeted advertising or certain kinds of profiling. The CPA also places new obligations on covered entities to safeguard personal data, including the requirement to give Coloradans meaningful information about the collection and use of their data, to conduct data protection assessments, and to obtain consent before processing certain sensitive personal data.
The proposed draft rules for the CPA were
published by the Secretary of State
on Oct. 10, 2022, and the
final rules
were filed with the Secretary of State March 15, 2023. These include the required rules that detail the technical specifications for one or more universal opt-out mechanisms that clearly communicate a consumer’s affirmative, freely given, and unambiguous choice to opt out of the processing of personal data for purposes of targeted advertising or the sale of personal data (6-1-1313(2), C.R.S.).
Colorado Privacy Act →
CPA Regulations →
CPA Enforcement
On July 12, 2023, Attorney General Weiser
announced
the launch of enforcement of the CPA. As part of that enforcement effort, the Department began mailing letters to businesses focused on educating them about the law and their new legal obligations. You can read examples of those letters here:
Notice of Application Letter Example 1
Notice of Application Letter Example 2
Notice of Application Letter Example 3
Frequently Asked Questions and General Information
The CPA protects the personal data of Colorado residents when they act in an individual or household context, for example when browsing the internet or signing up for a retail rewards program. The CPA does not cover the personal data of individuals acting in a commercial or employment context, such as a job applicant
To allow companies time to change their practices and operations to comply with this new law, it will not take effect until July 1, 2023.
Under the act, Colorado consumers will gain additional insight into what personal data controllers collect, share and sell, and how that data is used. Additionally, Colorado consumers will have the following enumerated rights with respect to their personal data:
The right to opt-out from the sale of their personal data, or use of personal data for targeted advertising and certain types of profiling;
The right to know whether a controller is collecting personal data;
The right to access personal data that a controller has collected about them;
The right to correct personal data;
The right to delete personal data; and
The right to download and remove personal data from a platform in a format that allows the transfer to another platform.
Data processing refers to actions a company make take regarding personal data, including the collection, usage, sale, storage, disclosure, analysis, deletion, or modification of personal data. An entity “processes” data even if it instructs another entity to process data on its behalf.
A controller determines the purpose for and means of collecting and processing personal data.​ For example, retailers like Walmart and Target are considered controllers because they collect consumer information when customers make their purchases, and then decide how that information will be used. Controllers make the primary decisions to manage, collect, and utilize data.
A processor maintains and processes consumer personal data on behalf of a controller. For example, a cloud services provider could act as a processor by storing personal data collected by a controller, as directed by that controller.
The general distinguishing factor between a processor and a controller is the entity’s autonomy and decision-making authority over data. Under the CPA, a processor may only process data under the direct authorization and command of a controller. The CPA requires a controller and processor to define their respective responsibilities and obligations in a contractually binding processing agreement.
Some processors act as both controllers and processors depending on their role, and if  a Processor begins to determine the purpose and means of the data processing, it becomes a controller with respect to that processing.
“Personal Data” for purposes of the CPA’s application thresholds includes all information that is linked or could reasonably be linked to a Consumer, which is defined as a Colorado resident acting in an individual or household context (as opposed to an employment or business-to-business context). For instance, “Personal Data” does not include information collected from a job applicant. "Personal data" also does not include information made publicly available by federal, state, or local government, or made publicly available by the consumer.
The CPA defines "Consumer" as "an individual who is a Colorado resident acting only in an individual or household context..." C.R.S. § 6-1-1303(6).
Therefore, when the CPA states that it applies to a Controller that "Controls or Processes the Personal Data of one hundred thousand Consumers or more during the calendar year," it means 100,000 Colorado residents.
The CPA does not apply to data maintained for employment records purposes. Furthermore, the term "consumer" means an individual Colorado resident acting only in an individual or household context and does not include an individual acting as an employee or job applicant.
Data controllers will be required to accept opt-out requests through universal opt-out mechanisms starting on July 1, 2024. Prior to July 1, 2024, controllers may, but are not required to, allow consumers to opt-out of personal data processing through a universal opt-out mechanism. By January 1, 2024, the Colorado Department of Law will publish a list of universal opt-out mechanisms that have been recognized meet the standards of the Colorado Privacy Act.
For information regarding a specific controller, check the controller's privacy notice. Each controller's privacy notice must include a description of the various methods through which a consumer can exercise their data rights. Starting, July 1, 2024, these notices must include an explanation of how opt-out requests through universal opt-out mechanisms will be processed.
What Consumers and Entities should know
How do Colorado consumers exercise their rights under the CPA?
When the CPA goes into effect in July of 2023, consumers will be able to learn how to exercise their rights on businesses’ websites. Businesses and other organizations controlling data, also called controllers, will be obligated to provide consumers with a privacy notice that includes the types of personal data collected or processed, the purpose for which that personal data is processed, the type of data that is shared with third parties and the categories of third parties it is shared with, and how people can access, correct, delete, and download and transmit their personal data. Additionally, those businesses and organizations will have to provide clear and conspicuous disclosure if any personal data is sold or processed for targeted advertising and how people can to opt out of having their data sold or processed. Consumers will be able to opt-out through businesses' privacy notices as well as through a readily accessible location outside the privacy notice. Additionally, consumers will be able to opt out through a universal opt-out option which will apply to all businesses subject to the CPA.
Before the CPA goes into effect, the Colorado Attorney General’s Office will create and provide rules with input from consumers and other stakeholders setting forth additional details regarding the steps controllers must take to ensure that consumers can effectively exercise their rights, including details relating to the universal opt-out mechanism.
Only in specific circumstances. The CPA requires controllers to get affirmative consent from consumers prior to (1) collecting and processing sensitive data, (2) processing personal data for reasons other than those specified when the data was collected, or (3) selling or processing personal data for targeted advertising after a consumer has opted out of such uses. Such consent must be affirmative, freely given, specific, informed, and unambiguous. Acceptance of broad terms of service, hovering over, pausing, or otherwise interacting with content generally, and agreement obtained through deceptive webpage design is not considered consent under the CPA.
Personal data is any non-public information that reasonably can be linked to an individual. Sensitive data is a subset of personal data and includes:
Any personal data regarding a child under the age of 13;
Any data that reveals the race, ethnic origin, or religious beliefs, mental or physical health conditions or diagnoses, sexual activity, preferences or orientation, or citizenship status or citizenship of an individual; and
Biometric data that is used for identifying an individual.
The Colorado Privacy Act requires that consumer disclosures are understandable and accessible. Data controllers shall use plain, straightforward language and provide communications in languages generally used by the business. Communications must be “provided in a readable format on all devices through which consumer normally or regularly interact with the controller, including on smaller screens and through mobile applications, if applicable.” 4 CCR 904-3, Rule 3.01(5). In considering whether disclosures must be provided in a readable format on a specific device, controllers should consider whether the consumer receives other communications, disclosures and notifications from the controller on that device in the normal course of business.
Notifications and disclosures must also be reasonably accessible to consumers with disabilities by following standard web accessibility guidelines and by providing information on how customers with disabilities may access the communication or request it in an alternative format.
Data controllers must respond to consumer requests within 45 days of receiving the request. If reasonably necessary, a controller may extend this period by an additional 45 days, though the controller must inform the consumer of the extension within the original 45-day period and provide reasons for delay.
Under the CPA, consumers have the right to access their personal data collected and maintained by the controller. Consumers also have a right to obtain this data in a portable and readily usable format. Controllers must provide information to consumers free of charge for the first request within a twelve-month period. Controllers may charge for second or subsequent requests within a twelve-month period, at a rate of 25 cents per page or no more than the actual cost of the record requested.
Controllers must comply with access requests by providing all the specific pieces of personal data collected about the consumer, with few exceptions for passwords, identification numbers, or financial data. Responses to access requests must be concise, transparent, and intelligible, and in a commonly used format. For full details, see 4 CCR 904-3, Rule 4.04.
If a consumer requests this data in a portable format, the controller must transfer the personal data securely in a common electronic format which is readily usable by another entity. However, a controller is not required to provide data in a manner which would disclose trade secrets. For full details, see 4 CCR 904-3, Rule 4.07.
The Colorado Privacy Act gives Colorado Consumers specific rights, including the Right of access. In describing the right of access, the CPA states that "[a] Consumer has the right to confirm whether a Controller is Processing Personal Data Concerning the Consumer and to access the Consumer's Personal Data.” C.R.S. § 6-1-1306(1)(b).
"Consumer" under the CPA means "(a) an individual who is a Colorado resident acting only in an individual or household context; and (b) does not include an individual acting in a commercial or employment context, as a job applicant, or as a beneficiary of someone acting in an employment context. C.R.S. § 6-1-1303(6).
Therefore, the right of access enables a Colorado resident acting in an individual context to access their own Personal Data and does not give a third party (e.g. an employer or landlord) the right to request a Consumer's Personal Data.
Methods for consumers to opt-out or make requests to the controller should consider the ways that consumers normally interact with the controller. Exclusively online companies that interact directly with consumers need only provide an email address for submitting requests. Controllers with a website or mobile app that also interact with consumers offline should have one method such as a webform on that website or app, and another method as well. Controllers with an in-person presence should consider offline methods like printed forms, in-store tablets, or telephone options. Whichever methods a controller chooses, the process must be available at any time, must be easy to execute, and must require a minimal number of steps.
A "Bona Fide Loyalty Programs", as referred to in the CPA, "is defined as a loyalty, rewards, premium feature, discount, or club card program established for the genuine purpose of providing Bona Fide Loyalty Program Benefits to Consumers that voluntarily participate in that program such that the primary purpose of Processing Personal Data through the program is solely to provide Bona Fide Loyalty Program Benefits to participating Consumers." 4 CCR 904-3, Rule 2.02.
A "Bona Fide Loyalty Program Benefit" is "an offer of superior price, rate, level, quality, or selection of goods or services provided to a Consumer through a Bona Fide Loyalty Program." 4 CCR 904-3, Rule 2.02.
The Sale of Personal Data or use of Personal Data for Targeted Advertising is not a Bona Fide Loyalty Program Benefit and therefore not the primary purpose of a Bona Fide Loyalty Program. Instead, it is a secondary use. Under the CPA, a Controller must obtain Consent from a Consumer before Processing the Consumer's Personal Data for a secondary use. Accordingly, a Controller must obtain Consent to use Personal Data obtained through a Bona Fide Loyalty Program for Targeted Advertising.
How Businesses, Nonprofits, and other entities will be impacted
The law applies to entities, including nonprofits, that conduct business in Colorado or deliver commercial products or services targeted to residents of Colorado;
AND
either:
Process the personal data of more than 100,000 individuals in any calendar year; or
Derive revenue or receive discounts on goods or services in exchange for the sale of personal data of 25,000 or more individuals.
The law also applies to service providers, contractors, and vendors that manage, maintain, or provide services relating to the data on behalf of these companies.
The CPA excludes some types of entities from complying with its requirements. These entities include:
Financial institutions and affiliates subject to the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act;
Air carriers subject to Federal Aviation Administration regulation; and
National securities associations registered under the Securities Exchange Act.
The CPA also does not apply to certain types of personal data maintained in compliance with specific federal privacy laws, such the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act and the Fair Credit Reporting Act, or for certain governmental purposes. For a complete list see §6-1-1304 of the CPA.
Under the law, controllers
MUST
:
Be transparent
about how they collect, store, use, share and sell personal data, and clearly identify the purpose for which they do so;
Minimize
the amount of data they collect and store, meaning they should only collect and store information they need;
Avoid secondary uses
of the data, meaning they can’t use personal data for reasons individuals were not originally aware of;
Use reasonable security practices
to secure the data;
Respond to requests by individuals
asserting the rights granted to them under the law; and
Conduct Data Protection Assessments
before selling personal data, processing “sensitive data,” or processing personal data that could result in:
unfair, deceptive or disparate treatment of individuals;
financial or physical injury to individuals;
a physical or other intrusion on an individual’s privacy that would be offensive to reasonable people; or
some other substantial injury.
Under the law, controllers
MAY NOT
:
Collect, store, use, share or sell “sensitive data”
without
an individual’s
consent
.
Use personal data in any way that would result in unlawful discrimination.
The obligations of controllers under the CPA are the same whether the personal data is collected offline, such as in-store or over the phone, or online, such as on a website.
Two key obligations for controllers are the duty of transparency via clear and accessible privacy notices and the duty to respond to consumers who wish to exercise their rights under the CPA. Other obligations include: a duty to minimize unnecessary data collection and avoid secondary use, a duty of care in processing data, a duty to avoid unlawful discrimination, and a duty to obtain consent before processing sensitive data. For more information on specific requirements for data controllers, please see 4 CCR 904-3, Part 6.
Both controllers and processors have responsibilities under the CPA. A controller is a person or entity who determines the purposes for and means of processing personal data. Controller responsibilities are outlined throughout the CPA, and include those duties listed in C.R.S. § 6-1-1308, as well as the obligation to provide consumers with a clear and conspicuous opt-out method and to respond to consumers’ request to exercise their rights under the C.R.S. § 6-1-1306(2).
A processor is a person or entity that processes personal data on behalf of a controller. Processors must adhere to instructions of the controller and assist the controller to meet its obligations under the CPA. Processors must also ensure the confidentiality of anyone processing personal data and take measures to allow for the fulfillment of consumer data requests. Full processor responsibilities are outlined in C.R.S. § 6-1-1305(2)-(6).
It is possible that a covered entity could be both a controller and processor. In those cases, any personal data collected by the entity for which they determine and control the processing purposes would be subject to controller obligations. Any personal data they receive from a third-party and only handle as a processor would be subject to processor obligations.
Both controllers and processors are responsible for entering into a contract governing the processing relationship and for implementing appropriate measures to ensure an appropriate level of security with established allocations of responsibilities.
How the CPA will be enforced
The Attorney General’s Office and District Attorneys have sole enforcement power under the CPA. The Attorney General’s Office also has rulemaking authority under the law.
No. Private citizens are not entitled to file lawsuits or enforce legal rights under the CPA. Only the Attorney General and District Attorneys can enforce the CPA.
If the Attorney General or District Attorney determines that a violation can be remedied, the Attorney General or District Attorney must first send a letter giving the violator 60 days to cure the violation. If either office determines that no fix is possible for the violation, no such letter is required. The process of providing notice of a violation and allowing 60 days for a cure will be in effect until Jan. 1, 2025.
Yes. The Attorney General will create rules both for the purpose of carrying out the CPA and to detail the technical specifications of one or more universal opt-out options. The Attorney General plans on adopting those rules before July 1, 2023.
The Attorney General’s Office will engage with Colorado consumers, businesses, and other stakeholders related to the CPA and potential rulemaking considerations. In early 2022, the Attorney General’s Office will post a series of topics for informal input on its website and solicit responses in writing and at scheduled events. This will help the office engage in a more focused dialogue, consider diverse perspectives, and address issues. By the fall of 2022, the Attorney General’s Office plans to post a formal Notice of Proposed Rulemaking, which will include a proposed set of model rules. This will kick off a process of collecting verbal and written comments about the proposed rules and how they would operate from a range of stakeholders and other interested persons across Colorado. If you would like to follow the CPA rulemaking process, you may sign up to receive additional information and updates
here
.
The Colorado Privacy Act applies to data controllers that conduct business in Colorado or whose products or services are targeted at Colorado residents, and that either process the personal data of at least 100,000 Colorado consumers in one calendar year, or that derive revenue or receive a discount on the price of goods or services from the sale of personal data and process or control the personal data of at least 25,000 consumers. The Act applies regardless of the controller's location and enforcement will not vary based on a controller’s location.
2024 Rulemaking
On September 13, 2024 the Department of Law filed a set of proposed draft amendments to the CPA rules to create a process of issuing opinion letters and interpretive guidance, and to modify current language to be consistent with the CPA as amended by recent legislation.
The Department sought public comment and held a public hearing on the proposed draft amendments. After revising the proposed draft amendments based on stakeholder comments, the Department has now adopted those rules and requested a formal Attorney General opinion.
RULEMAKING INFORMATION →
DEC. 5 ADOPTED RULES→
DEC. 5 ADOPTION OF RULES MEMO→
DEC. 5 ADOPTION OF RULES COVER LETTER→
Data Privacy and Global Privacy Control Webinar
In March 2024, Attorney General Phil Weiser was joined by experts to discuss what’s next for Colorado’s privacy landscape during a live webinar featuring some of the people behind the state’s first universal opt-out mechanism, Global Privacy Control, and a Q&A. Click the video above to watch the full event.
Universal Opt-Out
Pursuant to 4 CCR 904-3, Rule 5.07, the Colorado Department of Law has published a list of Universal Opt-Out Mechanisms that have been recognized to meet the standards of the Colorado Privacy Act. Please click on the link to learn more about Universal Opt-Out Mechanisms and the list.
Universal Opt-Out Mechanism List →
Contact Us
Contact the Attorney General’s Office to report a complaint about a business or if you have questions or comments.
Questions or Comments
The Colorado Privacy Law goes into effect on July 1, 2023. If you would like to file a complaint based on the Colorado Consumer Protection Act, please click
here
.
INFORMATION ON THE COLORADO PRIVACY ACT RULEMAKING PROCESS →
Colorado Privacy Act Webinar
Video Player
https://coag.gov/app/uploads/2023/06/CPA-Webinar-video-1-v5.mp4
00:00
00:00
10:31
Use Up/Down Arrow keys to increase or decrease volume.
Video Player
https://coag.gov/app/uploads/2023/06/CPA-Webinar-video-2-v5.mp4
00:00
00:00
10:11
Use Up/Down Arrow keys to increase or decrease volume.
Video Player
https://coag.gov/app/uploads/2023/06/CPA-Webinar-video-3-v5.mp4
00:00
00:00
05:23
Use Up/Down Arrow keys to increase or decrease volume.
Video Player
https://coag.gov/app/uploads/2023/06/CPA-Webinar-video-4-v5.mp4
00:00
00:00
07:30
Use Up/Down Arrow keys to increase or decrease volume.
Video Player
https://coag.gov/app/uploads/2023/06/CPA-Webinar-video-5-v5.mp4
00:00
00:00
10:48
Use Up/Down Arrow keys to increase or decrease volume.
Get on the mailing list
If you wish to receive updates related the CPA or provide future rulemaking input, please click the button and complete the form to receive updates and notices.
INFORMATIONAL & RULEMAKING MEETING NOTICE SIGN-UP →
You can also receive additional notices about this rulemaking and other Colorado rulemakings by completing the form on the Department of Regulatory Agencies
webpage
.
Sub-policy 2
https://portal.ct.gov/AG/Sections/Privacy/The-Connecticut-Data-Privacy-Act:
Skip to Content
Skip to Chat
Warning!
It seems that JavaScript is not working in your browser. It could be because it is not supported, or
                    that JavaScript is intentionally disabled. Some of the features on CT.gov will not function properly
                    with out javascript enabled.
×
Settings Menu
Language
Select Language
​
▼
High Contrast
High Contrast Mode On or Off switch
On
Off
Font Size
regular
                                font size
large font size
Disclaimer
Close
CT.gov Home
William Tong
Privacy
Current:
The Connecticut Data Privacy Act
About the Attorney General
Sections
Consumer Assistance
File a Complaint
Formal Opinions
Constituent Issues
Contact Us
Search Office of the Attorney General
Search the current Agency with a Keyword
Filtered Topic Search
The Connecticut Data Privacy Act
On May 10, 2022, Governor Ned Lamont signed Senate Bill 6: An Act Concerning Personal Data Privacy and Online Monitoring (also known as The Connecticut Data Privacy Act or “CTDPA”), making Connecticut one of the first states to pass a comprehensive consumer privacy law. The CTDPA gives important data rights to Connecticut residents and solidifies privacy obligations for businesses. As of January 1, 2025, businesses covered under the CTDPA must honor universal opt out preference signals sent by Connecticut residents.
CTDPA Universal Opt Out Resources
CTDPA FAQs
The following are answers to Frequently Asked Questions regarding consumers’ rights and businesses’ obligations under the CTDPA. Please note that this does not constitute legal advice or an opinion from the Attorney General.
When Does the Act take Effect?
The CTDPA takes effect on July 1, 2023.
What Does the Act Do?
The CTDPA gives Connecticut residents certain rights over their personal data and establishes responsibilities and privacy protection standards for data controllers that process personal data. It protects a Connecticut resident acting in an individual or household context, such as browsing the Internet or making a purchase at a store. It does not protect an individual acting in an employment context, such as applying for a job.
What Does the Act Apply to?
The CTDPA applies to people who conduct business in Connecticut or who produce products or services targeted to Connecticut residents and that, during the prior calendar year, controlled or processed the personal data of:
at least 100,000 consumers; or
25,000 or more consumers and derived over 25% of gross revenue from the sale of personal data.
However, the CTDPA applies to all Consumer Health Data Controllers who do business in Connecticut, regardless of their size or the nature of their data processing activities (see below section regarding Consumer Health Data Controllers).
The CTDPA also applies to service providers (called “processors”) that maintain or provide services involving personal data on behalf of covered businesses.
What is a Controller?
A controller is defined as an individual or legal entity that, independently or jointly with others, collects and processes personal data and is responsible for responding to consumer requests about the collection and processing of personal data.
What is the Difference Between a Controller and a Processor?
The key distinction between a controller and a processor is their decision-making authority over personal data. Under the CTDPA, a processor may only process data at the request and under the direction of a controller. The processor is contractually bound by the controller’s instructions as to what the processor must and may do with personal data.
If a processor were to begin exercising decision-making authority with respect to the purposes and means of personal data processing, it would become a controller with respect to that processing and subject to the obligations imposed on controllers under the CTDPA.
What is a Consumer Health Data Controller?
A Consumer Health Data Controller is a controller that, alone or jointly with others, determines the purpose and means of processing Consumer Health Data.
What Consumer Health Data Controllers are covered by the CTDPA?
The CTDPA applies to all Consumer Health Data Controllers who conduct business in CT or who produce products or services targeted to Connecticut residents. Unlike other types of controllers, there are no revenue or processing thresholds that a Consumer Health Data Controller must meet for the law to apply.
If a Consumer Health Data Controller is a nonprofit is it exempt from complying with the CTDPA
No. The non-profit exemption does not apply to Consumer Health Data Controllers.
What are some examples of conduct that Consumer Health Data Controllers are prohibited from engaging in under the CTDPA?
Providing employees or contractors with access to Consumer Health Data unless they are required to keep the data confidential;
Providing any processor with Consumer Health Data without having a written contract in place that requires the processor to comply with the CTDPA, including keeping the data confidential;
Using a geofence to establish a virtual boundary around a mental health, reproductive, or sexual health facility for the purpose of processing Consumer Health Data; and
Selling, or offering to sell, Consumer Health Data without first obtaining the consumer’s consent.
What is Personal Data?
Personal data is any information that can be linked to an identifiable individual, excluding publicly available information. Some examples of personal data include: a home address, a driver’s license or state identification number, passport information, a financial account number, login credentials, and payment card information.
What is the Difference Between Personal Data and Sensitive Data?
Sensitive data is a subset of personal data that includes:
Any data revealing racial or ethnic origins, religious beliefs, mental or physical health conditions or diagnoses, sexual activity or orientation, citizenship, or immigration status;
Consumer Health Data – which means data used to identify a consumer’s physical or mental health condition or diagnosis, and includes, but is not limited to, gender-affirming health data and reproductive health data;
Genetic or biometric data used to uniquely identify an individual;
Personal data of a child under the age of 13; and
Information that identifies an individual’s specific location with a defined degree of precision and accuracy (called “precise geolocation data”).
Under the CTDPA, a controller needs a consumer’s consent to process sensitive data.
What Does it Mean to "Process" Data?
Processing refers to any action a business may take with respect to personal data, including collecting, using, storing, selling, sharing, analyzing, or modifying the data.
Who is Exempt from Complying with the Act?
The following entities are exempt from the CTDPA:
State and local governments
Nonprofit organizations (although nonprofit organizations are not exempt from the CTDPA provisions relating to Consumer Health Data)
Financial institutions subject to the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (“GLBA”)
National securities associations registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
Entities subject to the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (“HIPAA”)
Higher education institutions
The CTDPA also does not apply to certain types of personal data maintained in compliance with other laws, such as the GLBA, HIPAA, the Fair Credit Reporting Act, and the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act, as well as personal data processed for certain specified purposes. For a complete list, see Section 3(b) of the CTDPA.
What Rights can Connecticut Residents Exercise under the CTDPA?
The CTDPA provides Connecticut residents the following enumerated rights:
The right to access
personal data that a controller has collected about them.
The right to correct
inaccuracies in their personal data.
The right to delete
their personal data, including personal data that a controller collected through third parties.
The right to obtain
a copy of their personal data in a portable and readily usable format that allows them to transfer the data to another controller with ease.
The right to opt-out
of:
the sale of their personal data;
the processing of personal data for the purposes of targeted advertising; and
profiling that may have a legal or other significant impact.
How Does a Consumer Know Whether a Controller Processes the Consumer's Data?
A consumer may directly contact the controller—through the channel(s) described in the controller’s required privacy notice—and request that it confirm whether it processes the consumer’s personal data.
How Does a Consumer Exercise Rights Under the CTDPA?
A controller’s privacy notice must clearly describe how consumers may exercise their rights under the CTDPA. Among other methods, a controller must provide an easily accessible link on its website through which consumers can opt-out of targeted advertising or the sale of their personal data.
Also, as of January 1, 2025, consumers may send an opt out preference signal like the
Global Privacy Control
through a
privacy protective browser or browser extension
.
What is an opt out preference signal?
An opt out preference signal is a simple way to tell websites that you don’t want your personal information to be sold or used for targeted advertising, typically through a
privacy protective browser or browser extension
.
I am a Consumer; can I send an Opt Out Preference Signal?
Yes. As of January 1, 2025, Connecticut consumers can send an opt out preference signal, through a variety of platforms, to automatically tell all controllers that they intent to opt out of targeted advertising and the sale of their personal data. Your “signal” can be sent by using, for example, the
Global Privacy Control
through a
privacy protective browser or browser extension
.
Do all Controllers need to Honor Opt Out Preference Signals?
Yes. Starting January 1, 2025, all controllers subject to the CTDPA must honor opt out preference signals that are sent by consumers. This signal must be sent from a platform or mechanism that enables a controller to accurately determine whether the consumer is a Connecticut resident.
If a consumers opt out preference signal conflicts with their previously given privacy choice or their voluntary participation in that controller’s loyalty rewards or discount program, the controller must still comply with the opt out preference signal. The controller may notify the consumer of the conflicting signals and ask the consumer to confirm their choice with the understanding that it would affect their previously given privacy choice or participation in that controller’s loyalty rewards or discount program.
Can a Consumer Opt-Out of the sale of Personal Data to Third Parties?
Yes, a consumer can opt-out of the sale of personal data to third parties. A consumer can also designate a third party to opt-out on his or her behalf.
Does the CTDPA Protect the Personal Data of Children and Teens?
Yes. If a child’s personal data is being processed by a controller, the child’s parent or legal guardian may exercise rights on the child’s behalf. Controllers must follow all regulations concerning children’s online privacy established pursuant to the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”), including parental consent requirements. In addition, the CTDPA requires controllers to obtain opt-in consent before selling a consumer’s personal data, or processing personal data for the purposes of targeted advertising, when the consumer is under 16 years old.
The CTDPA also offers additional protections to minors under 18 years old when interacting with a controller that offers an online service, product, or feature to minors.
Can a Controller Deny a Consumer Rights Request?
Yes, for certain specified reasons under the CTDPA. For example, a controller may deny a consumer’s request if fulfilling the request would restrict the controller’s ability to:
Provide a product or service specifically requested by the consumer.
Perform certain internal operations that reasonably align with consumer expectations.
Issue a product recall or repair technical errors.
Respond to and prevent security incidents, identity theft, and fraud.
Comply with federal, state, or local law.
For more exceptions, see Section 10 of the CTDPA.
Does a Consumer have a Right to Appeal a Denial?
Yes. The CTDPA grants consumers the right to appeal a controller’s decision denying a consumer rights request. A controller has 60 days after receipt of an appeal to write back to the consumer, explaining any actions it has taken and reasons for refusing a consumer request. If the appeal is denied, the controller must give the consumer information to contact the Attorney General should the consumer wish to file a complaint.
How Often Can a Consumer Request Information About their Personal Data from a Controller? Is there a Cost?
A consumer can request information from a controller free once every 12 months. Under certain circumstances beyond the annual request, the controller may charge an administrative fee.
What Must Controllers do to Comply with the CTDPA?
Among other obligations, controllers must:
Provide notice
regarding the types of personal data the controller processes, the purpose(s) for processing, whether and why the controller shares personal data with third parties, and information about how consumers can exercise their various rights (e.g. access, deletion) over their personal data.
Limit collection
of personal data to what is adequate, relevant, and reasonably necessary for the specific purpose(s) for which the data is processed (also known as “data minimization”).
Obtain consent
before processing a consumer’s sensitive data.
Respond to requests
to exercise consumer rights granted under the CTDPA.
Honor consumers’ choice
to opt out of any processing of their personal data for the purposes of targeted advertising, or any sale of such personal data, through an opt out preference signal (see section titled Do all Controllers need to Honor Opt Out Preference Signals?).
Conduct assessments
before processing personal data in a manner that presents a heightened risk of harm to consumers (called “Data Protection Assessments”). This includes processing personal data for the purposes of targeted advertising, sale, or profiling, and processing sensitive data.
Use reasonable safeguards
to secure personal data.
Not discriminate
against consumers who exercise their rights under CTDPA or process personal data in a manner that would otherwise result in unlawful discrimination.
How Long does a Controller have to Respond to a Consumer's Request?
A controller must respond to a consumer’s requests no later than 45 days after receipt of the request. Under certain conditions, the controller may extend the response period by 45 days.
What is the Attorney General's role in enforcing the CTDPA?
The Attorney General has exclusive authority to enforce violations of the Act.
Is there a Private Right of Action for Individuals?
No, the CTDPA does not include a private cause of action.
Is there a Cure Period?
Yes. If the Attorney General determines that a controller could remedy a violation of the CTDPA, the Attorney General must give the controller notice of the violation before initiating a lawsuit. The controller then has 60 days to remedy the violation (called “the right to cure”). If, however, the Attorney General determines that it would not be possible for the controller to remedy the violation, no such notice or remedial opportunity is required. The right to cure sunsets on December 31, 2024.
What are the Penalties for Failing to Comply with the CTDPA?
Entities or individuals that violate the CTDPA may face civil penalties up to $5,000 per violation, pursuant to the Connecticut Unfair Trade Practices Act. In addition to civil penalties, the Attorney General can also seek injunctive relief, restitution, and/or disgorgement.
What are some additional protections the CTDPA affords to minors (under age 18) when interacting with a controller that offers an online service, product, or feature?
Some additional protections include requiring:
That a controller shall use reasonable care to avoid any heightened risk of harm to minors;
A controller shall not process a minor’s data for purposes of (i) targeted advertising, (ii) sale, or (iii) profiling without obtaining proper consent;
A controller shall not use any design feature to significantly increase, sustain or extend any minor’s use of an online service, product or feature without consent;
A controller shall not collect a minor’s precise geolocation data unless such collection is necessary, and the controller provides the minor a signal indicating that the controller is collecting such data that is available for the entire duration of the collection;
A controller shall provide consent mechanisms that do not subvert or undermine user autonomy, decision-making, or choice;
A controller shall not offer any direct messaging apparatus for use by minors without providing readily accessible and easy-to-use safeguards to limit the ability of adults to send unsolicited communications to minors with whom they are not connected;
A controller must conduct data protection assessments for any online product, service, or feature offered to minors.
Top
Original text
Rate this translation
Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate
Sub-policy 3
https://le.utah.gov/~2022/bills/static/SB0227.html:
Home
2022 General Session
S.B. 227
S.B. 227 Consumer Privacy Act
Bill Text
Status
Hearings/Debate
Bill Sponsor:
Sen. Cullimore, Kirk A.
Floor Sponsor:
Rep. Brammer, Brady
Substitute Sponsor:
Sen. Cullimore, Kirk A.
Drafting Attorney:
Christine R. Gilbert
Fiscal Analyst:
Bidusha Mudbhari
Bill Tracking
Track this
Tracking Page
Bill Text
Introduced
Amended
Amended Pages Only
Enrolled
Other Versions
S.B. 227
Substitute Sponsor:
Introduced
Fiscal Note
House Transmittal Letter 1
House Transmittal Letter 2
Senate Transmittal Letter 1
Senate Transmittal Letter 2
S.B. 227 1st Substitute
Substitute Sponsor:
Cullimore, K. A.
Introduced
Fiscal Note
SB0227 comparison
Related Documents
Fiscal Note
House Committee Amendment 1(passed)
SB0227S01 comparison
Information
Last Action:
24 Mar 2022, Governor Signed
Last Location:
Lieutenant Governor's office for filing
Effective Date:
31 Dec 2023
Session Law Chapter:
462
Similar Bills
Business
Commerce and Trade
Department of Commerce
Consumer Protection
Sections Affected
13-2-1
Enrolled
Printer Friendly
S.B. 227
Bill Status / Votes
• Senate Actions
• House Actions
• Fiscal Actions
• Other Actions
Date
Action
Location
Vote
2/17/2022
Bill Numbered but not Distributed
Legislative Research and General Counsel
2/17/2022
Numbered Bill Publicly Distributed
Legislative Research and General Counsel
2/17/2022
Senate/ received bill from Legislative Research
Waiting for Introduction in the Senate
2/17/2022
Senate/ 1st reading (Introduced)
Senate Rules Committee
2/18/2022
Senate/ to standing committee
Senate Revenue and Taxation Committee
2/23/2022
Senate Comm - Substitute Recommendation from # 0 to # 1
Senate Revenue and Taxation Committee
9 0 0
2/23/2022
Senate Comm - Favorable Recommendation
Senate Revenue and Taxation Committee
6 0 3
2/23/2022 (2:23:01 PM)
Senate/ comm rpt/ substituted
Senate Revenue and Taxation Committee
2/23/2022 (2:23:02 PM)
Senate/ placed on 2nd Reading Calendar
Senate 2nd Reading Calendar
2/24/2022 (6:38:29 PM)
Senate/ 2nd reading
Senate 2nd Reading Calendar
2/24/2022 (6:38:49 PM)
Senate/ circled
Senate 2nd Reading Calendar
Voice vote
2/24/2022 (6:54:45 PM)
Senate/ uncircled
Senate 2nd Reading Calendar
Voice vote
2/24/2022 (6:58:10 PM)
Senate/ passed 2nd reading
Senate 3rd Reading Calendar
28 0 1
2/25/2022 (11:36:58 AM)
Senate/ 3rd reading
Senate 3rd Reading Calendar
2/25/2022 (11:37:23 AM)
Senate/ circled
Senate 3rd Reading Calendar
Voice vote
2/25/2022 (3:06:14 PM)
Senate/ uncircled
Senate 3rd Reading Calendar
Voice vote
2/25/2022 (3:07:16 PM)
Senate/ substituted from # 1 to # 2
Senate 3rd Reading Calendar
Voice vote
2/25/2022 (3:09:43 PM)
Senate/ passed 3rd reading
Clerk of the House
28 0 1
2/25/2022 (3:09:44 PM)
Senate/ to House
Clerk of the House
2/28/2022
House/ received from Senate
Clerk of the House
2/28/2022
House/ 1st reading (Introduced)
House Rules Committee
2/28/2022
House/ to standing committee
House Transportation Committee
2/28/2022
LFA/ fiscal note sent to sponsor
House Transportation Committee
3/1/2022
LFA/ fiscal note publicly available
House Transportation Committee
3/1/2022
House Comm - Amendment Recommendation # 1
House Transportation Committee
11 0 1
3/1/2022
House Comm - Favorable Recommendation
House Transportation Committee
12 0 0
3/1/2022
House/ comm rpt/ amended
House Transportation Committee
3/1/2022
House/ return to Rules due to fiscal impact
House Rules Committee
3/1/2022
House/ Rules to 3rd Reading Calendar
House 3rd Reading Calendar for Senate bills
3/1/2022 (6:38:59 PM)
House/ comm rpt/ amended
House Transportation Committee
3/1/2022 (6:39:00 PM)
House/ 2nd reading
House 3rd Reading Calendar for Senate bills
3/2/2022 (2:53:47 PM)
House/ 3rd reading
House 3rd Reading Calendar for Senate bills
3/2/2022 (3:10:12 PM)
House/ passed 3rd reading
Senate Secretary
71 0 4
3/2/2022 (3:10:14 PM)
House/ to Senate
Senate Secretary
3/3/2022 (9:49:45 AM)
Senate/ received from House
Senate Secretary
3/3/2022 (9:49:46 AM)
Senate/ placed on Concurrence Calendar
Senate Concurrence Calendar
3/3/2022 (10:25:45 AM)
Senate/ concurs with House amendment
House Speaker
25 0 4
3/3/2022 (10:25:46 AM)
Senate/ to House
House Speaker
3/3/2022
House/ received from Senate
House Speaker
3/3/2022
House/ signed by Speaker/ returned to Senate
Senate President
3/3/2022
House/ to Senate
Senate President
3/3/2022
Senate/ received from House
Senate President
3/3/2022
Senate/ signed by President/ sent for enrolling
Legislative Research and General Counsel / Enrolling
3/8/2022
Bill Received from Senate for Enrolling
Legislative Research and General Counsel / Enrolling
3/8/2022
Draft of Enrolled Bill Prepared
Legislative Research and General Counsel / Enrolling
3/11/2022
Enrolled Bill Returned to House or Senate
Senate Secretary
3/11/2022
Senate/ enrolled bill to Printing
Senate Secretary
3/15/2022
Senate/ received enrolled bill from Printing
Senate Secretary
3/15/2022
Senate/ to Governor
Executive Branch - Governor
3/24/2022
Governor Signed
Lieutenant Governor's office for filing
Committee Hearings/Floor Debate
Committee Hearings
House Transportation Committee
Agenda
Draft Minutes
Committee Report
Audio
Senate Revenue and Taxation Committee
Agenda
Minutes
Committee Report
Audio
Floor Debates
Senate Floor Audio, Day 37 (2/24/2022) [1SB227 Consumer Privacy Act, Cullimore]
Senate Floor Audio, Day 37 (2/24/2022) [1SB227 Consumer Privacy Act, Cullimore]
Senate Floor Audio, Day 38 (2/25/2022) [1SB227 Consumer Privacy Act, Cullimore]
Senate Floor Audio, Day 38 (2/25/2022) [1SB227 Consumer Privacy Act, Cullimore]
Senate Floor Audio, Day 38 (2/25/2022) [2SB227 Consumer Privacy Act, Cullimore]
House Floor Audio, Day 43 (3/2/2022) [2SB227 Consumer Privacy Act, Brammer]
Senate Floor Audio, Day 44 (3/3/2022) [2SB227 Consumer Privacy Act, Cullimore]