Dashboard
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Protecting your private information is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to the www.premedics.com and Premedics Systems and governs data collection and usage. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to Premedics include www.premedics.com and Premedics Systems. The Premedics website is an information and support site. By using the Premedics website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
Premedics may collect personally identifiable information, such as your name. If you purchase Premedics' products and services, we collect billing and credit card information. This information is used to complete the purchase transaction. We may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future.
Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by Premedics. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Premedics website.
Premedics encourages you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to from Premedics so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information.  Premedics is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of the Premedics website.
Use of your Personal Information
Premedics collects and uses your personal information to operate its website(s) and deliver the services you have requested.
Premedics may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Premedics and its affiliates. Premedics may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
Premedics does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
Premedics may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Premedics, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Premedics will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Premedics or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Premedics; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Premedics, or the public.
Security of your Personal Information
Premedics secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure.  When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol.
Children Under Thirteen
Premedics does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.
Opt-Out & Unsubscribe
We respect your privacy and give you an opportunity to opt-out of receiving announcements of certain information. Users may opt-out of receiving any or all communications from Premedics by contacting us here:
- Web page: www.premedics.com
- Email: support@premedics.com
- Phone: 877-367-3233 ext 2
Changes to this Statement
Premedics will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. Premedics encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Premedics is protecting your information.
Contact Information
Premedics welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Premedics has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Premedics at:
Premedics Systems
555 Church Street E, Suite 102
Brentwood, Tennessee 37135
support@premedics.com
877-367-3233
Effective as of July 01, 2012