Print
NOTICE TO OUR USERS FROM THE REPUBLIC OF KOREA AND JAPAN:
IF YOU ARE A RESIDENT OF, OR ACCESS OUR SERVICE FROM WITHIN THE REPUBLIC OF KOREA, THE TERMS OF USE AND PRIVACY POLICY LOCATED
HERE
APPLY TO YOU. THE PRIVACY POLICY BELOW DOES NOT APPLY TO YOU.
IF YOU ARE A RESIDENT OF, OR ACCESS OUR SERVICE FROM WITHIN JAPAN, THE TERMS OF USE AND PRIVACY POLICY LOCATED
HERE
APPLY TO YOU. THE PRIVACY POLICY BELOW DOES NOT APPLY TO YOU.
Privacy Policy
Last Modified: April 12, 2024
Lezhin Entertainment, LLC. (“
LEZHIN
”) respects the privacy rights of its users and protects the personal information collected, stored and used in connection with our service (our "
Service
"). To further this commitment, we have adopted this Privacy Policy ("
Privacy Policy
") to guide how we collect, store, and use the information you provide us.
By accessing our Service, including registering for a LEZHIN account, downloading and using software made available by LEZHIN, or by clicking the “I accept” button (or its equivalent), you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not register for an account with LEZHIN, download software made available by LEZHIN, or otherwise access our Service.
YOU AFFIRM THAT YOU ARE OVER THE AGE OF 18 (OR, IF GREATER THAN 18, THE AGE OF MAJORITY IN YOUR JURISDICTION) AND ARE OF LEGAL AGE IN YOUR JURISDICTION OR RESIDENCE, OR POSSESS LEGAL PARENTAL OR GUARDIAN CONSENT TO ENTER INTO A BINDING CONTRACT. IN ANY CASE, YOU AFFIRM THAT YOU ARE OVER THE AGE OF 13. IF YOU ARE 13 OR UNDER, YOU ARE PROHIBITED FROM USING OUR SERVICE.
1. SCOPE OF PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy describes LEZHIN’s collection and use of personal information submitted and collected through our Service. Personal information includes any individually identifiable information about you, such as your name, address, telephone number, or e-mail address, and information concerning you collected and/or maintained in personally identifiable form.
Please be aware that advertisers or websites with links to and from our Service may collect personal information about you. This Privacy Policy does not apply to, and cannot control the activities of, those other advertisers or websites.
2. INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We may collect and process the following data about you:
Personal information such as your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, and credit card number when you register for an account with LEZHIN, make sales inquiries, request support, or make a purchase or payment.
We collect certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information may include internet protocol (IP) addresses, operating system, browser type, date/time stamp, and/or program or system error messages and other system information. We may combine this automatically collected log information with other information we collect about you to improve our Service, to improve marketing, analytics, or website functionality.
If you contact us or respond to messages and communications that we send to you, we may keep a record of that correspondence.
We collect details of your use of our Service and the resources that you access. Such usage information includes information about how, when and from where you access or use our Service.
User feedback, community discussions, chats and other interactions on our Service.
If you access our Service on your mobile telephone or other mobile device, including tablets, we collect mobile device identifiers, including MAC Address, Advertising IDs and/or IP Address. Certain aspects of our Service will create and assign to your device an identifier that is similar to an account number. We may collect the name you have associated with your device, device type, telephone number, country, the Apple’s Identifier for Advertisers (IDFA), Google’s Android Advertising IDs (ADID), and/or any other information you choose to provide or allow us to access, such as geo-location.
If you access our Service through a third-party social media service such as Twitter, Facebook or Google, we collect some of your third-party account information from the social media service. We may collect your name, email address, profile images, gender or age and it is provided to us under the terms of the social media service’s privacy policy. The purpose of collecting the information is to allow log in, sharing and use of our Service with a third-party social media service.
If you choose the recurring payment to use the Service, we will store a record of the payment transaction in the system, including the last 4 digits of the credit card number and the brand name of the credit card, only for payment history and account status. The credit card information shall be deleted immediately when the cancellation of payment is completed.
3. TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES & COOKIES
LEZHIN and our partners, such as marketing partners and analytics providers, may use tracking technologies such as cookies, beacons, tags and scripts. These technologies are used in analyzing trends, administering our websites, tracking users’ movements around the websites, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We use cookies for various purposes including our shopping cart, to remember users’ settings, and for authentication. Users can control the use of cookies by adjusting individual browser settings. However, if you reject cookies, you may still use our websites, but your ability to use some features or areas of our websites may be limited.
We may also use clear gifs in our HTML-based emails to let us know which emails have been opened by recipients. This allows us to gauge the effectiveness of certain communications and the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns. For this reason, these types of clear gifs are tied to personally identifiable information.
We may also use tools or third party analytical software to automatically collect and use certain non-personal information that does not directly enable LEZHIN to identify you.
4. USE AND SHARING OF INFORMATION COLLECTED
We use your personal information and non-personal information, both individually or combined together:
To help us manage, operate and deliver our Service to you
To improve your experience with our Service
To develop new products or services for you
To provide you with customer and technical support
To provide you with software updates
To communicate with you about our Service (unless you have not consented to allow us to use your information for these purposes)
To access our Service through a third-party social media service
For marketing and promotional purposes
For internal training purposes and statistical analysis
For payment transaction purposes.
LEZHIN does not sell or rent your personal information to third-parties for marketing purposes without your consent. However, you hereby agree that LEZHIN may share your personal information with our affiliates to provide you our Service or information about other services and promotional materials. In addition, LEZHIN may share personal information with third party service providers that assist LEZHIN in providing you our Service. As a result, your information may be transferred to countries outside your residence.
When we share your personal information with third party vendors and suppliers, we require them to adhere to confidentiality and non-disclosure obligations.
If the ownership or control of all or part of our Service or their assets changes, we may transfer your personal information to the new owner.
Occasionally we may be required by law enforcement or judicial authorities to provide personal information to the appropriate governmental authorities. We will disclose personal information upon receipt of a court order, subpoena, or to cooperate with a law enforcement investigation.
5. SAFEGUARDS
LEZHIN maintains appropriate safeguards that ensure the security, integrity, and privacy of the personal information we collect and store about our account holders. Personal information collected by LEZHIN is stored in secure operating environments that are not available to the public and that are only accessible by authorized employees. We also have security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control (i.e., maintain data quality). Before we allow users to access their personal information, for example, we verify their identity by requesting that they submit information such as their username and password. We also take reasonable steps to ensure that third parties to whom we transfer personal information provide sufficient protection of such data.
Your personal information may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the country of your residence. It may also be processed by personnel of our affiliates and third party service providers who may operate outside the country of your residence. In such case, we will take reasonable steps to require such third party in possession of your personal information to take commercially reasonable security measures to protect the information.
However, unfortunately, no data transmission over the internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, you acknowledge that: (a) the security, integrity and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and us through our Service cannot be guaranteed; and (b) any such information and data may be viewed or tampered with in transit by a third party.
6. LINKS TO THIRD PARTY SITES OR SERVICES
You should be aware that our Service may from time to time contain links to third-party sites, products or services. LEZHIN is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such sites or services. If you are concerned about the privacy policy of a certain third party, you should read the privacy policy of the site or service to which you link before you submit any personal information.
We may also use Google remarketing services, which allow third parties, including Google, to serve advertisements to you on our behalf based on your activity on our Service. This involves placing in certain areas of our Service a small piece of code provided by Google. This code enables third parties, including Google, to place a cookie on your computer that tells them about your use of our Service and allows them to recognize you and display relevant advertisements when you visit other websites within the Google Display Network. We may also use similar remarketing services from other companies. If you would like to opt-out of Google Analytics collecting data from your browser when you visit websites, you can download and install the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on here:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/
7. ACCESS TO PERSONAL INFORMATION
LEZHIN makes good faith efforts to enable you to review, update or correct your personal information in our possession. In order to do so, please log into your account or contact our Privacy Policy Administrator at privacy@lezhin.com. If you contact us, we will need sufficient information from you to establish your identity and to verify your access request, and also to assist us in handling your request. Please note that even if personal information is changed or deleted according to your request, LEZHIN may still retain some of your personal information to resolve disputes, enforce LEZHIN user agreement(s), and comply with technical and legal requirements and constraints related to the security, integrity and operation of our Service.
8. DEACTIVATED OR TERMINATED ACCOUNTS
(1) LEZHIN, in principle, immediately destroys your personal information upon account deactivation or withdrawal (See details at
10. RIGHTS OF USERS AND LEGAL REPRESENTATIVES
). However, if you have provided separate consent for the retention period of personal information storage, or if applicable law and regulations mandate the retention of the information for a certain period, your personal information will be securely stored for the specified duration.
(2) Personal information, upon the completion of its collection and usage objectives—manifested by events such as the withdrawal of membership, the termination of Services, or the culmination of the consented period for retention—will be irrevocably destroyed. This process ensures the information cannot be restored or accessed. In accordance with legal obligations, any personal information that must be preserved for a statutory duration will also undergo irrevocable destruction immediately subsequent to the termination of this duration, in compliance with applicable laws and regulations governing data retention and destruction.
For electronic files, they will be securely deleted using technical methods to prevent recovery and reproduction, while printed materials will be destroyed through methods such as shredding or incineration.
9. OPTING OUT
If at any time you wish to opt out of receiving information from LEZHIN (via e-mail or postal mail) about new products, services, or promotions, you can do so by adjusting your account settings or emailing us at
privacy@lezhin.com
.
10. RIGHTS OF USERS AND LEGAL REPRESENTATIVES
(1) Users may request to view or change their personal information at any time. This includes:
The personal information being stored by the company.
Information on the use of a user’s personal information as well as how and whether it has been shared with a third party
The status of consent to the collection and use of a user’s personal information with the company
A user may view or edit their personal information by emailing the department of personal information protection or via the following:
Mobile App: Menu > Settings > Account
Web: Menu > My Account > Manage Account
(2) A user may withdraw their consent to the collection and use of personal information at any time by deleting their account.
Users may email the department of personal information protection to withdraw their consent to the collection and use of personal information or via the following:
Mobile App: Menu > Settings > Account > Delete Account
Web: Menu > My Account > Deactivate my account
If at any time you wish to opt out of receiving information from LEZHIN (via e-mail or postal mail) about new products, services, or promotions, you can do so by adjusting your account settings or emailing us at
privacy@lezhin.com
.
11. INQUIRIES
If you have any questions, please feel free to e-mail us at
privacy@lezhin.com
.
We may change information of the Privacy Policy on this Sites at any time and any changes will be effective immediately upon the posting of any revised Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy is updated and effective as of April 12, 2024