Privacy Statement
Your Right to Privacy
This statement explains how AIB Group (UK) p.l.c.  respects your privacy in relation to interactions with
this website and any AIB Group (UK) p.l.c. App
. When we talk about Apps we mean an AIB Group (UK) p.l.c. application which can either be downloaded from a software application to a mobile device or is available on a tablet in branch and can be used to access AIB Group (UK) p.l.c. Online Banking and / or any Banking Services.
AIB Group (UK) p.l.c. includes AIB (NI), Allied Irish Bank (GB) and Allied Irish Bank (GB) Savings Direct. For more information about our group of companies, please visit
www.aibgroup.com
Collection and Use of Information
We collect personal data about you as a user and data relating to your interactions with our channels on-line such as www.aibni.co.uk. We will always let you know how we intend to use your information before collecting it, so that you can decide whether or not you wish to provide that information.
Any information which is provided by you will be treated with the highest standards of security and confidentiality and in accordance with Data Protection regulations. Please see our
Data Protection Notice
for more information.
When you browse through our website and use our Apps our web servers collect data which relates to your visit such as:
What pages you have viewed;
Certain interactions you have had on those pages;
The number of times you may have visited a particular page; or
The amount of time you may have spent on certain pages.
In some cases the data we collect will be anonymous and it will simply tell us what pages have received the most activity and are of particular interest to users in general.
Where you log onto and use Online Banking we will be able to identify what pages you have shown a particular interest in, what pages you have visited multiple times and also what pages you have spent the most amount of time on. We will mostly do this work ourselves however sometimes we will use Google Analytics to assist us. In all cases we will carry this work out in a responsible manner.
This data enables us to provide you with a more efficient and effective service by developing a wider understanding and appreciation of our website users. Where we have identified you specifically we can offer you a more bespoke user experience and assist you with any service issues you may have experienced or may be experiencing.
Interactive Areas
Our website and Apps may offer chat options which allow you to speak directly with a staff member while you are browsing online. Sometimes these chat options will appear automatically on your screen, they are an optional service and you can decide whether or not you wish to interact with them. This chat service is governed by the terms and conditions of use for aibni.co.uk which are available on our website and which you should read before using a chat option.
It is important that when you interact with these chat options and other Interactive Areas (discussion forums, bulletin boards, blogs) you do so in a responsible way. Under no circumstances should you provide any bank account details, transactional history or financial information when using these services. When using the chat option our staff will never ask you for your personal banking details – like account number, login details or other security credentials. You may however choose to provide us with certain information, such as your name and contact details, if you would like us to contact you directly. If you do, we will use this information solely to respond to and deal with your comments or queries.
How We Keep Your Information Safe
We know that you care about how your information is used, stored and shared. We appreciate your trust in us to do that. To protect your information we use security measures that comply with the laws of Northern Ireland and meet international standards. This includes computer safeguards and secure files and buildings. If you visit the
Fraud and Security Centre
you will be able to read more information on how we protect your privacy and your personal data.
Swift Payments
International payments and certain domestic payments are made by AIB Group (UK) p.l.c. via the Belgium based
Society for World Interbank Financial Telecommunication
("SWIFT"). SWIFT processes these types of payments on behalf of financial institutions worldwide and is currently the only organisation providing such a service. Records of all transactions processed by SWIFT in Belgium are replicated in a backup system ("mirror site") in the US, thereby maintaining a geographically separated back-up infrastructure to ensure that the continued operation of the SWIFT system is in line with international standards and supervisory requirements.
On foot of US legal subpoena(s) served on SWIFT, transaction data held in the US "mirror site" may be disclosed to the US government, its various departments and agencies (including law enforcement), or other national, state or international authorities for the purposes of combating terrorism and other serious crime.
Therefore, any information you provide to AIB Group (UK) p.l.c. in order to effect a SWIFT payment could potentially be disclosed to US authorities, and by instructing AIB Group (UK) p.l.c. to execute a payment, you understand that such disclosure could occur, and agree that we shall have no liability to you in respect of any such disclosure.
Cookies
Cookies are small text files that are sent to and stored on your computer, smartphone, tablet or other device for accessing the internet, whenever you visit a website or use our on-line apps.
For more information about cookies in general, how we use cookies, why we use them, and how this allows us to improve our service to you, please visit our
Cookies page
.
More general information on cookies can be found on
aboutcookies.org
. This includes information on how to disable cookies
Disclaimer
AIB Group (UK) p.l.c., it's directors, employees, servants and agents, affiliates or other representatives and their respective parent and subsidiary companies, shall not be liable in respect of any claims, emergencies, demands, causes of action, damages, losses, expenses, including without limitation, reasonable legal fees and costs of proceedings arising out of or in connection with the use and/or dissemination of personal information relating to you in accordance with this privacy policy.
This Site and our Apps may contain hypertext links to associated web sites maintained by AIB and you are warned that when you enter such sites, you will be subject to the terms and conditions of those sites. There may also be links to web sites not maintained by AIB and you are warned that when you enter other websites via such hypertext links, you will not be subject to the terms and conditions of www.aibni.co.uk and you will not benefit from the protections afforded to you in using our Site. AIB Group (UK) p.l.c. will not be liable in any way for the content, availability or use of such third party websites and you use such links entirely at your own risk.
Amendments
AIB Group (UK) p.l.c. reserves the right in our sole discretion to amend this privacy statement at any time, and you should regularly check this privacy statement for any amendments
.
AIB (NI) and Social Media
To view AIB (NI)'s Social Media Privacy Statement, please
click here
.
View How We Use Cookies
View Security Policy
View Social Media Privacy Statement
This website uses cookies
We use cookies to personalise this website and our ads for you. We also use them to improve how the site functions and to share with our partners how the site is used. We only do this with your consent. You can choose to “Allow all” cookies or accept only some with “Adjust my preferences”. You can reject all non-essential cookies by choosing to “Accept only necessary” cookies. Disabling some cookies may change what you see on the site, how it works and the services we offer you. To find out more, see our
Cookie Policy
Adjust my preferences
Accept only necessary
Allow all
About Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Performance Cookies
Functional Cookies
Targeting Cookies
About Cookies
When you visit our website, it may store or retrieve your personal data through our use of cookies and other tracking technologies, which we collectively refer to as “cookies”. Cookies may be set by us, our partners and/or your browser. Cookies help make our website work, or make it work more efficiently, and they may recognise and remember your preferences and show you personalised ads. Some of these cookies are essential to make our website work correctly, so they cannot be turned off. Others are non-essential but are very useful to us and you can choose whether to enable these or not. Select the cookie categories for more information on the different types of cookies we use. Our default setting is to have all non-essential cookies turned off unless you choose to enable them. You can either “Allow all” or use the sliders to make your choice and click “Adjust my preferences”. You can reject all non-essential cookies by choosing to “Accept only necessary” cookies.  This will allow a cookie to remember what choices you made. You can manage your preferences at any time by clicking the Cookie link at the bottom of every page on the website. To find out more about how we use cookies please see our
Cookie Policy
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Cookie Details‎
Performance Cookies
Inactive
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site, without knowing who the visitor is. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is anonymous.
Cookie Details‎
Functional Cookies
Inactive
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookie Details‎
Targeting Cookies
Inactive
These cookies may be set through our website by us or by our third party partners. They may be used by us or by our third party partners to store information about your preferences and to show you relevant adverts on our website or our third party partner’s websites, to personalise our website, to tailor our marketing communications to you and to measure and improve our performance. These cookies may not contain any information that personally identifies you, but other personal data that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from the cookies. You can choose to disable these cookies, but you will experience content and adverts that are less relevant to you.
Cookie Details‎
Back Button
Vendors List
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel