Approve
Reject
View details
Request a review
Learn more
Signature pending
Sign
Reject
View details
Review
Not spam
Remove forever
Not spam
Page
/
4
Loading…
{"id": "1Ch8n6dQpgPStma-BavUKc2NsL71G-kdQ", "title": "Privacy Policy_Khizer Raza Games.pdf", "mimeType": "application\/pdf"}
Page 1 of 4
Privacy Policy
About Us
Khizer Raza Games respects the privacy of its users and is committed to protecting the users’
information. We maintain stringent standards for protecting the privacy and security of children
accessing our games and applications.
This Privacy Policy was last updated on 01/03/2022 and is in effect unless further notice.
Changes and Amendments
Khizer Raza Games reserves the right to change this policy to conform with laws or standards,
better serve user needs or adjust to lawful company requirements.
As this policy may be changed at any time without prior notice, we encourage users to
frequently review this privacy policy to stay up to date with any modifications.
Children and Families Policy
Personalized advertisements are NOT used in games designed for families.
We ensure that the advertisements we display are correctly implemented for our apps and
games that are designed for families. This includes making sure the advertisements displayed in
the app are approved for families and children.
Google Play approved Third-party Ad Networks
Adcolony
AppLovin
Google Ad Manager
Google Admob
InMobi
ironSource
Unity
Vungle Privacy
COPPA Certified Games for Families:
Page 2 of 4
Khizer Raza Games is committed to ensuring the online privacy of children wherever they
might be. Khizer Raza Games has established COPPA compliant practices to ensure the
preservation of online children’s privacy in all of its relevant games and apps.
No Personalized Ads in Games Designed for Families
Our apps and games that have been designed for Families and children do not serve
personalized ads. We do not serve interest-based advertising to games in this category.
Data Handling
Types of Data
We do not collect personally identifiable information from children.
We do not allow children to submit any personal information to us, including but not limited to
names, addresses, or email addresses.
In case we find that a child has submitted their personal information to us, it is removed from our
servers as soon as possible.
Understanding Usage of Data
The services we employ, such as ad networks allow us to monetize our advertising inventory by
allowing advertisers to provide personalized advertisements to users by allowing google play
approved ads to run in our apps/ games.
Delivering these services requires the collection, handling, and use of data from our users for
lawful purposes. Where a user cannot reasonably expect the collection of sensitive information,
we have added in-app disclosures and descriptions in the privacy policy of what data is
collected and for what purposes.
Examples of the data collected under these scenarios and the mechanism for ensuring the
legality of data collection and usage are briefly illustrated below.
We may collect and use data collected for such purposes as:
● To comply with the user request and fulfill the services that the user has downloaded and
installed the game or application for This data is necessary for the service being
requested by the user so is sought to complete their request in a completely lawful
manner
Security
Page 3 of 4
Khizer Raza Games makes all reasonable efforts to ensure the security of the data that it has
access to.
It uses generally accepted security measures and safeguards to keep the data it collects as
secure as possible and ensures that the third parties it works with agreeing to do the same. The
measures and safeguards include limiting access to the data to only those people who need it to
complete their work for Khizer Raza Games, using a fire-wall in conditions where data is stored,
and storing personal information in secure operating environments.
Registration (Optional):
In some of our games, there may exist an option to create a profile or a virtual avatar that is
visible to other users.
If you create an account, you may provide us with your name, a username, age and other
information that helps us confirm that it is you accessing your account. We may do this through
in-game dialog boxes, which you may choose to skip.
Your account may be used to publicly identify you as part of social features of the Services,
which may include user-to-user interaction, chat or messaging functionality, public leaderboards,
head-to-head competition, and other similar features.
The username will be public and will be shown to other users, but will only permit access to
information that is considered public or that you have designated as public in your user profile
settings.
Payment Information:
Some games of ours may allow you to place an order of goods or services through us. Goods
may include any virtual currency or virtual goods. Our payment processing service provider will
collect your details such as name, phone number, e-mail address, mailing address, billing
address, and complete credit card information that is required to receive the payment and
complete the transaction.
Data Retention and Deletion Policy
Personally-identifiable information is retained only as long as necessary to fulfill the relevant
request. For instance, to complete a payment transaction and provide the in-app purchase
requested. Data is retained until it can be reasonably expected that the data will not be required
further. For instance, payment information may be retained for a set period of time which
constitutes the refund window.
Once it cannot be expected that the information will be used to provide a relevant, lawful service
to the user it is deleted from the memory.
Privacy Policy_Khizer Raza Games.pdf
Privacy Policy_Khizer Raza Games.pdf
Open
Open
Open with
Save changes
Sign in
Details
Comments
General Info
Type
Dimensions
Size
Duration
Location
Modified
Created
Opened by me
Sharing
Description
Couldn't preview file
There was a problem loading the details.
Loading…
Copy
Add a comment
Displaying Privacy Policy_Khizer Raza Games.pdf. Page 1 of 4