NEW
STEALTH 600 & 500
COLORWAYS JUST LANDED!
Game in style with high-performance wireless sound on these fan favorites!
Shop Now
GAME ON!
Join in the fun all week with savings on select Nintendo Switch™ products!
SHOP NOW
VICTRIX™ PRO KO™
Fight like a Pro with the fully customizable Victrix Pro KO Leverless Fight Stick for PlayStation®/PC and Xbox/PC.
ORDER NOW
STEALTH PRO
All hail the headset Windows Central awarded “The Best Overall Xbox Headset”
Order Now
BUNDLE & SAVE!
Expertly-crafted bundles get you more gear for less!
SAVE NOW
FIST MEETS FATE
Limited Edition Tekken 8 products available now.
Order Now
WELCOME TO THE FAM!
Victrix and PDP have joined the Turtle Beach family—level up your gaming setup with even more epic gear to explore! 🎮🔥
Shop Now
Headsets
Controllers
Keyboards
Mice
Flight Simulation
Racing
Parts & Accessories
Outlet
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://preferences.turtlebeach.com/privacy:
Thank you
Your request has been submitted and you will receive an email shortly.
Data Subject Details
We need your name and email address in order to process your request and safeguard your data. We will use the data gathered here only to process your request and for record-keeping as required by law.
You will receive an email to verify your address. Follow the instructions you will receive to complete processing of your request.
Please note that deletion requests submitted through this form are to request the deletion of all the personal information Turtle Beach and PDP may have about you. If you would like to delete just your Turtle Beach® website account, please contact us
here
. If you would like to delete just your PDP website account, please contact us
here
.
First name
Please enter your first name
Last name
Please enter your last name
Email address
Please enter a valid email
Type of Request
Request to Know
Provide me with the categories and sources of personal information Turtle Beach and PDP have collected about me
Request to Access
Provide me access to the personal information Turtle Beach and PDP have about me
Request for Portability
Provide me with a portable copy of the personal information Turtle Beach and PDP have about me
Request to Delete
Delete the personal information Turtle Beach and PDP have about me
Object to Processing
Ask us to stop processing your data for certain purposes (eg, public interest, legitimate interests, direct marketing)
Request to Delete
Request to correct any inaccuracies in personal information Turtle Beach and PDP have about me
Please choose a request type
Request Details
Additional information is required for this type of request.
This request is for
I am making this request on behalf of
Myself
Someone else - I'm an authorized agent
Please choose 'I am making this request on behalf of'
Your details
First name
Please enter a value for 'First name'
Last name
Please enter a value for 'Last name'
Email address
Please enter a valid email. Must be different from data subject email.
Additional Information
Additional information
Powered by
Sub-policy 1
https://www.turtlebeach.com/pages/privacy:
Free Shipping on orders over $39
Shop now. Pay over time with Klarna.
Unique. Colorful. Innovative. Check out our PDP brand today.
SHOP NOW
Esports Performance, Fighting Game Dominance -
Shop VICTRIX Now!
Login
Click the button to redirect to the login page and we'll send you a login code, no password needed.
Login
Error 500
APPLICATION ERROR.
Try searching or let's head back to the home page.
GO TO HOMEPAGE
Sub-policy 2
https://www.turtlebeach.com/pages/US-privacy-Supplement:
Free Shipping on orders over $39
Shop now. Pay over time with Klarna.
Unique. Colorful. Innovative. Check out our PDP brand today.
SHOP NOW
Esports Performance, Fighting Game Dominance -
Shop VICTRIX Now!
Login
Click the button to redirect to the login page and we'll send you a login code, no password needed.
Login
Error 500
APPLICATION ERROR.
Try searching or let's head back to the home page.
GO TO HOMEPAGE