Privacy Policy
Introduction
Welcome to PIA Proxy Manager !
PIA Proxy Manager is well aware of the importance of personal information security and attaches great importance to the privacy and security of users. When you use our services, we may collect and use your relevant information. We hope to better help you understand through this "Privacy Policy" How PIA Proxy Manager Accelerator ("PIA Proxy Manager" or "we") collects, uses and stores this information.
For the relevant technical vocabulary involved in this "Privacy Policy", we try to be concise and concise, and provide further explanations for your understanding. By using or continuing to use our services, you agree to our collection, use, storage and sharing of your relevant information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you have any questions, comments or suggestions about this Privacy Policy or related matters, you can contact us at any time.
1. Information collection
The data we collect depends on your interaction with us. When we provide services, we may collect, store and use the following information about you. If you do not provide relevant information, you may not be able to enjoy some of the services we provide, or you may not be able to achieve the effects of related services.
Personal information that we may generally collect includes: name, email address, phone number, IP address. "PIA Proxy Manager" may receive and collect your personal information in a number of different ways.
These ways may include:
1.1 Letters from you
When you email or write to us, you may provide your personal information, contact details and other personal information in the email.
1.2 Customer Support
Personal information you may provide to us when you call or email us to request technical assistance with our products or to learn about our products.
1.3 Product Registration
When you register for an "PIA Proxy Manager" account, you will be asked to provide information so that we can record you as the owner of the "PIA Proxy Manager" account, which will help us provide you with services and information.
1.4 You understand and agree that PIA Proxy Manager will provide you with services based on the information you have collected, and will analyze and process the information you have collected accordingly.
1.5 You are responsible for the integrity and confidentiality of the data you store on the PIA Proxy Manager platform and the information you enter and manage on the PIA Proxy Manager platform. All losses and consequences caused by the loss or leakage of information due to your improper maintenance or improper confidentiality shall be borne by you.
1.6 All losses and consequences caused by your negligence, misoperation or operations authorized by you to PIA Proxy Manager shall be borne by you.
1.7 You should ensure that your use of this service complies with the requirements of laws and regulations. PIA Proxy Manager only provides you with standard services in accordance with your instructions, and is not responsible for the legal compliance of your use of this service.
1.8 Device Information
We may receive and record information about the device you use. For example: device model, operating system and version, client version, device resolution, package name, device settings, process and software list, device identifier (MAC/IMEI/Android ID/IDFA/OpenUDID/GUID/SIM card IMSI information), software and hardware characteristics information, information about the location of the device (such as IP address, GPS location, and WLAN access point, Bluetooth and base station sensor information that can provide relevant information). In order to collect the above basic personal device information, we will apply for permission to access your device information. We collect this information to provide you with our basic services and basic functions. If you refuse to provide the above permissions, you may not be able to use PIA Proxy Manager service.
1.8.1 When you open the PIA Proxy Manager application for the first time, after obtaining your authorization, we will receive and record the information related to the device you are using, including device attribute information (such as IMEI, IMSI, device model, operating system version, Device settings, unique device identifier software and hardware feature information), device connection information (such as MAC address, IP address, telecom operator, access date and time) to protect your account and transaction security.
1.8.2 In order to achieve the purposes stated in this policy, we may access SDKs or other similar applications provided by third-party service providers, and share some of your information collected by us in accordance with this policy to such third parties service providers in order to provide better customer service and user experience.
Please note that individual device information and log information are information that cannot identify a specific natural person. If we combine such non-personal information with other information to identify a specific natural person, or use it in combination with personal information, such non-personal information will be considered personal information during the combined use, unless authorized by you Or unless otherwise provided by laws and regulations, we will anonymize and de-identify such personal information. During the combined use, this information will be treated and protected as your personal information in accordance with this policy.
2.Scope of use
"PIA Proxy Manager" may use your personal information for the following purposes:
2.1 Product Registration
The information you provide when registering will be used to create your "PIA Proxy Manager" account and will also assist "PIA Proxy Manager" in supporting you when you contact "PIA Proxy Manager" customer service. "PIA Proxy Manager" will also use this information to notify you about any upgrades, new products, promotions or other information that may be of interest to you.
2.2 Use of the product
"PIA Proxy Manager" may use the information collected during the use of the product to: regularly verify your right to use the product or service; to confirm whether you are using the product/feature earlier before sending you a notice of a new product/feature upgrade version or whether it will help you to use "PIA Proxy Manager"; and receive product internal information from "PIA Proxy Manager" that you request.
2.3 Internal Analysis
We may use the information you provide to us for internal statistics and analysis to evaluate and enhance your experience with the "PIA Proxy Manager" website and software, including by identifying your preferences and operating and developing related activities. PIA Proxy Manager will not ask you to provide personal information (including but not limited to your mobile phone number, email address, etc.), but will collect other information about you (including but not limited to device information, log information, and other similar characteristic records). PIA Proxy Manager's user experience improvement plan is a plan to diagnose system problems and optimize product experience based on statistics of usage data. We will use tools such as Google Analytics to count the data information you generate during the use of PIA Proxy Manager products. We only accumulate aggregate usage data for all users in our user experience improvement program, and we will not include or upload any content involving your personally identifiable information.
PIA Proxy Manager may combine the information you submit through your account with information from other cutting-edge services or third parties in order to provide you with a better experience and improve service quality.
3. Anti-abuse of automatic collection of information
Since "PIA Proxy Manager" has the function of hiding their real IP address, the vast majority of users use this feature for legitimate purposes. However, there may be a small number of users who use this function for improper purposes. "PIA Proxy Manager" will automatically record and receive your usage records and other information, only for judging illegal use and abuse, and not for other purposes. Usage records include:
(1) Date and time
(2) Connection status
(3) User's original IP address and port number
(4) Protocol Type
(5) Client software version number
(6) The web page URL records, cookies and other information you requested.
4. Sharing information with third parties
"PIA Proxy Manager" will not share any personal information with third parties without your consent.
We promise that this data will not be shared with any third-party service organization and will not be used for commercial purposes. This data is only used for the security of the user account, the stability of the software service, and whether the user finds any abnormality in our software server, etc. PIA Proxy Manager will strictly abide by the relevant laws and regulations and the content set out in this Privacy Policy to collect and use your information. The specific staff of PIA Proxy Manager will not directly ask you for personal information unless they hold the authorization document officially issued by PIA Proxy Manager. In such cases, you can contact PIA Proxy Manager directly.
Third Party Services
The PIA Proxy Manager Service may access or link to social media or other services (including websites or other forms of service) provided by third parties, including:
(1) You can use third-party services to log in to PIA Proxy Manager. May collect your information (including your log information), and may install COOKIES on your computer to function properly;
(2) We provide you with links through advertisements or other means of our services, enabling you to access third-party services or websites;
(3) Other situations of accessing third-party services. For example, in order to achieve the purposes stated in this policy, we may access SDKs or other similar applications (such as embedded codes, plug-ins, etc.) provided by third-party service providers in order to provide you with better customer service and user experience. At present, the third-party service providers we access mainly include the following types:
1) For advertising-related services, including advertising display, advertising data monitoring/statistics, etc.;
2) Used for message push function, including mobile phone manufacturer Push push, specific event reminder, personalized content recommendation, etc.;
3) For payment-related services, including order payment, transaction behavior verification, income settlement, payment information summary statistics, etc.;
4) It is used to obtain device location permissions, collect device information and log information, etc. with your consent;
5) Used for third-party authorized services, including third-party account login, sharing relevant content to third-party products, etc.;
6) Used to optimize product performance, including improving hardware distribution network capabilities, reducing server costs, and hot-fixing functions;
7) Used for account security, product reinforcement related services, including network monitoring, domain name resolution, anti-hijacking, anti-spam and anti-cheating, encryption and decryption services, etc.
(4) For the functions provided by the third-party SDK, the required permissions and collected user information are: SDK permissions and collected user information
The following is a detailed description of the SDK details that access the third party:
1) APPSFlyer
SDK name: APPSFlyer
com.appsflyer.appsflyerlib
Objective to use: user use effect statistical analysis
Collect personal data types: device logo, Mac, Android_id
Third -party SDK Privacy Policy:https://support.appsflyer.com/hc/en-us/articles/360006868017-Raw-data-content-restriction-media-source-or-user-identifiers
2) Use the SDK name: Gaode Open Platform Positioning SDK
Name of the third party: Gaode Software Co., Ltd.
Purpose of use: to achieve positioning/display the map (please fill in according to the specific purpose of use)
Collect personal information: location information (latitude and longitude, precise location, rough location) [via IP address, GNSS information, WiFi status, WiFi parameters, WiFi list, SSID, BSSID, base station information, signal strength information, Bluetooth information, sensor information ( Vector, acceleration, pressure), device signal strength information acquisition, external storage directory], device identification information (IMEI, IDFA, IDFV, Android ID, MEID, MAC address, OAID, IMSI, ICCID, hardware serial number), current application information (application name, application version number), device parameters and system information (system attributes, device model, operating system, operator information). Based on different devices and systems (Android/iOS) and system versions, as well as the permissions determined by developers when integrating and using our SDK products, the collected device information will be different, so developers should report the actual collected personal information to users Be explained. Please refer to https://lbs.amap.com/agreement/sample for specific collection and use of personal information by each SDK)
Privacy Policy Link: https://lbs.amap.com/pages/privacy/
The above third party social media or other services are operated by the relevant third party. Your use of such third party's social media services or other services (including any information you provide to such third party) is subject to the third party's own terms of service and information protection statement (not this Privacy Policy), You need to read its terms carefully. This Privacy Policy applies only to any information we collect, and does not apply to the services provided by any third party or the rules for the use of information by third parties, and we are not responsible for any third party's use of the information provided by you.
5. SUBSCRIPTION TERMS
For continued access to the system, you should subscribe to our paid subscription, these are the applicable payment and billing terms.
We only provide services for the period of use described herein.
By registering and using the Services, you agree to our Terms of Use and any additional terms and conditions provided here.
When you sign up for the Services, you must specify your chosen subscription and provide information about your preferred payment method ("Payment Method").
This information must be complete and accurate, and it is your responsibility to keep it current.
You shall pay for the Services on a regular basis and subject to the terms and terms defined by the Subscription Plan of your choice. All purchased services are final and non-refundable.
To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, we may change the prices of our services at any time. We will give you reasonable notice of any such pricing changes by posting the new prices on or through the website and/or sending you an email notification.
All fees are shown on the website and the subscriptions referred to have not added VAT, sales tax or other taxes payable under your local or international law and bilateral interstate agreements. You should be aware that the final amount due to us stated in the invoice or automatic debit may include such taxes and fees.
Service features and content are subject to change at any time, and we cannot guarantee that any particular feature or content will be available throughout the period of use. Unless we notify you otherwise, the effective rate when you sign up for use will be the same as when your use ends. We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to modify or terminate any Offer of Use, your access to the Services during your use, or any of these Terms, without notice and without liability.
Prices are exclusive of any withholding or other taxes, and Customer is responsible for paying all such applicable taxes, levies, fees or duties imposed by any federal, state or local government entity on the services provided. If applicable law or regulation obliges PIA to collect and pay any taxes related to the Services, PIA may debit the appropriate amount from the Client's account.
6. Statutory Disclosures
We will do our best to protect user privacy, but when we have reason to believe that only disclosing personal information can follow existing judicial process, court order or other legal process or protect the rights, property or rights of "PIA Proxy Manager", "PIA Proxy Manager" users or third parties. When it is safe, we will legally disclose personal information in accordance with laws and regulations and in accordance with procedures.
7. Cookies
We or our third party partners may use cookies on the "PIA Proxy Manager" website. Cookies allow us or our third-party partners to automatically access and use the data entry features of our website, or to customise promotions or marketing campaigns, online ordering information associated with the purchases you make.
Additionally, we or our third-party partners may also use cookies to track usage of our website to determine which features are useful or popular and which features do not help us effectively improve and update our services. Most web browsers will warn you about the use of cookies, or refuse to accept cookies altogether. You can accept or reject cookies by modifying your browser settings. However, if you disable cookies, you will not be able to use the various interactive features of this website.
We or our third party partners use cookies for the following purposes:
1) Remember who you are. For example, cookies help us identify you as our registered user, or store information you provide us about your preferences or other information
2) Analyze your use of our services. We may use cookies to understand what activity you are using the PIA Proxy Manager service for, or which services or services are most popular
3) Advertising optimization. Cookies help us to serve you relevant advertising based on your information rather than general advertising
While we use cookies for the above purposes, we may provide aggregated non-personally identifiable information collected through cookies to advertisers and other partners for the purpose of analyzing how you and other users use PIA Proxy Manager services and for advertising services.
8. Protect your information security and measures
1. We use third-party services as little as possible to reduce your privacy leakage, and we try our best to ensure that the third-party service providers we use have a trustworthy security system to protect user data.
2. When you use PIA Proxy Manager products, we encrypt and transmit all your access information to ensure its safety and reliability. All communications on the official website of PIA Proxy Manager are encrypted and transmitted using HTTPS, and user passwords are encrypted in one direction, and no one including PIA Proxy Manager employees can know the user password. However, please understand that due to technical limitations and various malicious means that may exist, in the Internet industry, even if we do our best to strengthen security measures, it is impossible to always guarantee 100% information security. You need to understand that the systems and communication networks you use to access our services may have problems due to factors beyond our control.
3. You should pay attention to protecting the security of your personal information. For example, do not share accounts or reveal your personal passwords, etc.
9. Filtering and Deletion of Harmful Information
"PIA Proxy Manager" prohibits users from using products or services to publish all harmful information, including:
(1) Violating the basic principles determined by law;
(2) Endangering national security, divulging state secrets, subverting state power, and undermining national unity;
(3) Inciting ethnic hatred, ethnic discrimination, or undermining ethnic unity;
(4) Destruction of friendly relations between countries and regions;
(5) Undermining the state's religious policy and promoting cults and feudal superstitions;
(6) Spreading rumors or false news, disrupting social order, and undermining social stability;
(7) Inciting, organizing, and instigating terrorist activities, illegal assemblies, associations, processions, demonstrations, or gatherings to disrupt social order;
(8) Spreading obscenity, pornography, gambling, violence, terror or instigating crimes;
(9) Insulting or slandering others and infringing on the legitimate rights and interests of others;
(10) Infringing upon others' right to portrait, name, reputation, privacy or other personal rights;
(11) Using uncivilized language such as swearing, abusing, slandering, intimidating, cursing, etc.;
(12) Acting in the name of illegal civil organizations;
(13) Infringing upon the legitimate rights and interests of others such as copyright and information network dissemination rights;
(14) Contains other content prohibited by laws and administrative regulations.
If the user fails to perform and abide by the provisions of the agreement in "PIA Proxy Manager", "PIA Proxy Manager" has the right to close the account of the user who violates the agreement, and reserves the right to pursue the legal responsibility of the party according to law. In addition, "PIA Proxy Manager" will not be liable for breach of contract or other legal liabilities to users who violate the agreement after taking corresponding measures. "PIA Proxy Manager" obtains the right to deal with illegal content in accordance with this agreement. This right does not constitute "PIA Proxy Manager"'s obligation or commitment, and "PIA Proxy Manager" cannot guarantee timely detection of illegal acts or corresponding processing.
10. Protection of minors
Our website, content, applications or services are not intended for anyone under the age of 14 ("children"). Minors over the age of 14 (inclusive) and under the age of 18 should read this Privacy Policy under the guidance of their parents or guardians, and complete the use of related services with the consent of their parents or guardians. We do not knowingly collect identifiable information from anyone under the age of 14, if you think your child has provided us with information, please contact customer service immediately via our email or online support so that we can delete your child's information.
11. Changes to Privacy Policy
With the development of PIA Proxy Manager's business and in order to provide you with better services, we may revise the contents of this "Privacy Policy" from time to time, and such revisions form part of this "Privacy Policy". If such revisions result in a substantial reduction of your rights under this Privacy Policy, we will notify you by prompting you in prominent positions such as software announcements, website pages, or sending you emails or otherwise before the revisions take effect. In this case, if you continue to use our services, you agree to be bound by this revised Privacy Policy.
12. How to contact us
If you have any questions, comments or suggestions about our Privacy Policy and how we handle your information, you can contact us at any time.