Creating a Future
Where Every Child Can Learn
At Their Own Pace
Who We Are
Enuma is a globally recognized edtech company in the field of foundational education.
Enuma was founded in Berkeley, California, in 2012 with the goal of creating the best digital products to help kids with learning differences learn on their own.
We offer Todo Math, Todo English, and Todo Korean, a series of popular basic learning apps that have been downloaded more than 13 million times worldwide; Todo One, a tablet-based learning program; and Enuma School, a program that provides high-quality digital basic education to schools and educational communities around the world.
Winning the Global Learning XPRIZE
Enuma was the co-winner of the Global Learning XPRIZE, a five-year $15M competition funded by Elon Musk.
Enuma's solution demonstrated that even children who are in illiterate environments could teach themselves basic reading, writing, and math; and achieved the highest learning outcomes.
Enuma's products are used in homes around the world, in elementary schools and special education classrooms in the United States, Korea, and Indonesia, and in refugee camps in some of the most challenging learning environments, including Iraq and Tanzania.
Winner 2020
The 2020 Innovation for the SDGs Competition
Winner
Global Learning XPRIZE
Gold Medal, 2015, 2018
Parents' Choice Gold Award
Finalist 2016
SIIA CODiE Award
Best Family App 2016
Google Play Best App
Todo Series
The best digital learning experience
Since the launch of Todo Math in 2012, the Todo app series has become a standard for foundational learning products in more than 20 markets, including the U.S., Korea, China, Japan, and other countries.
In Korea, the series includes Todo Math, Todo English, and Todo Korean, as well as the tablet-based learning program Todo One.
Todo One
A comprehensive learning package
of the world's best foundational learning products
Todo English, Todo Korean, and Todo Math in one.
Todo Math
The global standard for digital learning in math.
From game-based counting to
AI-powered 2nd-grade level practice.
Todo English
The latest EFL curriculum developed in the US.
A comprehensive  reading, writing, listening, and speaking curriculum
to build confidence in English.
Todo Korean
A fun phonetic approach to Korean. 
Learn essential vocabulary, read books, and play reading activities to gain independence in reading.
Learn more
Todo for the Classroom
The Todo series for school use
Todo Math was used in over 7,000 classrooms to-date since 2013.
Since its launch in 2020, Enuma Geulbang (Todo Korean + Todo Math) has been used for distance learning in schools, homes, and community centers during COVID-19 by over 4,000 vulnerable students in Korea.
LMS for Schools
Todo Math and Todo Korean provide services for schools that combine modes for classroom use with Learning Management System (LMS) services.
Universal Design for Learning
To support diverse learners in the classroom, especially those with learning differences, Enuma's products apply AI and Universal Design for Learning.
Proven Satisfaction
Over 90% satisfaction from various surveys of teachers, parents, and project managers.
Learn more
Enuma School
Enuma has demonstrated its efficacy in a variety of settings around the world, including winning the Global Learning XPRIZE competition, which goal was to solve the global education crisis.
Enuma School is a unique program for schools in developing countries that teaches native language arts, math, and English in a variety of settings.
We currently offer three versions: Indonesian, Malay, and Global (English).
Learn more
Contact us
Title
Email address
emailMsg
Send a message
Contact us