Unique School App Terms & Conditions of Service for App users
By using the Unique School App ("Service") you are agreeing to be bound by the following terms and conditions ("Terms of Service").  The term Unique School App referes to all personalised versions of the Unique School App for individual schools.
Unique School App reserves the right to update and change the Terms of Service from time to time without notice. Any new features that augment or enhance the current Service, including the release of new tools and resources, are subject to the Terms of Service. Continued use of the Service after any such changes shall constitute your consent to such changes. You can review the most current version of the Terms and Conditions of Service at any time within the App or contact Unique School App for a copy on support@uniquepublishing.ie
Violation of any of the terms of service will result in the termination of your Account. While Unique School App prohibits improper and inappropriate conduct and Content on the Service, you understand and agree that Unique School App cannot be responsible for the Content posted on the Service which you nonetheless may be exposed to. You agree to use the Service at your own risk.
Account Terms
You must be a human. Accounts registered by "bots" or other automated methods are not permitted.
You must provide your legal full name, a valid email address, a valid mobile number (parents/teachers/others only), and any other information requested in order to complete the signup and registration process.
You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and password. Unique School App cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage from your failure to comply with this security obligation.
You are responsible for all Content posted and activity that occurs under your account (even when Content is posted by others who have access to your account).
You may not use the Service for any illegal or unauthorized purpose. You must not, in the use of the Service, violate any laws in your jurisdiction (including but not limited to copyright laws).
Cancellation and Termination
Unique School App, in its sole discretion, has the right to suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all current or future use of the Service, or any other App service, for any reason at any time. Such termination of the Service will result in the deactivation or deletion of your Account or your access to your Account, and the forfeiture and relinquishment of all Content in your Account.
Unique School App reserves the right to refuse service to anyone for any reason at any time.
Modifications to the Service
Unique School App reserves the right at any time and from time to time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Service (or any part thereof) with or without notice.
Unique School App shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of the Service.
From time to time, Unique School App may issue an update to the Unique School App application which may add, modify, and/or remove features from the application. These updates may be pushed out automatically with little or no notice, although Unique School App will do everything in its power to notify you in advance of an upcoming update, including details on what the update includes.
Your Profile Information
By signing up and registering for the Unique School App you agree to allow approved administration staff members of the school for whom the App has been personalised and the App developer, Unique School App, to view and use your profile information. You give the school persmission to match the informaiton you have provided in your App profile (name, mobile number, email, childs name (where applicable)) to any and all school administration systems/files for the purposes of:
Confirm your identity - verifying your identity and connection to the school.  This is to ensure you are who you claim to be and the school can thus rely on the validity of forms and information submitted through the App from your account/device.
Grant access to app functionality – Once your identity has been confirmed through the combinded registration process and matching to independent school information systems  the school may grant you access to submit in-App forms and information and the school may share passwords or other information from its administration systems with you through the App, thus giving you seamless access to other in-app modules including but not limited to VS Ware log in.
Identify app Users.  The information you provide is used by the school to easily and transparently identify the students/parents/others who are using the App and identify parents/students who have not yet downloaded the App.
Keep you informed as a student/parent/teacher/other user of matters relating to the school/college.
No part of any information proivded by you will be shared with any third party or used for any marketing purposes.
Personal Data That We Collect
Unique School App collects data to operate effectively and provide you the best experiences using our products. You provide some of this data directly when you register as an App user or use our services.
We get some of it by recording how you interact with our products by, for example, receiving support emails you send to us when you have an issue registering.
Depending on the modules in the App we also obtain data from the school. We protect data obtained from the school according to the practices described in this statement, plus any additional restrictions imposed by the source of the data – the school.
We also obtain data from third-party sources.  These third-party sources vary over time, but have included:
We use Google Analytics to collection information about usage patterns.  This data is anonymous.
You have choices about the data we collect. When you are asked to provide personal data, you may decline. But if you choose not to provide data that is necessary to access to the App, you may not be able to use some of the App modules.
The data we collect depends on the context of your interactions with the App and in particular the choices you make in your personal profile, including your privacy settings. The data we collect can include the following:
Name and contact data
We collect your first and last name, email address, mobile phone number, school name, school year and class.
Extra Curricular.
We collect data about the extra curricular activities you (if you are a student) or your child (if you are a parent) participates / is interested in.
Contacts and relationships.
We collect data about your child if you are a parent.  This data is limited to your Childs name, year and class.  We collect this data only if the school has certain modules in the App that requires parent/child verification and the data is only used for this purpose.
Image.
If you choose to upload your profile photograph to your profile, your image will be stored on our secure server.  We request access to the camera on your device in order to do this.
Payment data.
If your school App has the School Payment, Bookstore or Uniform Shop we request data necessary to process your payment if you make purchases, such as your Credit Card number and the security code associated with your Credit Card.  This data is not stored on our server.
We will also collect receipt data or financial transaction data.
Device and Usage data.
We collect data about your device and how you and your device interact with the App. For example, we collect:
Product use data.
We collect data about the items you purchase.
Device, connectivity and configuration data.
We collect data about your device you use to connect to our App. It includes data about the operating system, operating system version and model and manufacturer. This is to help us to resolve any issues that you may report to use via email using our support email address support@uniqueschools.ie
Troubleshooting and Help Data.
When you engage Unique School App for troubleshooting and help, we collect data about you and your hardware, software and other details related to the incident. Such data includes contact or authentication data, and system and data about App installations and hardware configurations.
General Conditions
Your use of the Service is at your sole risk. The service is provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis.
You understand that Unique School App uses third party vendors and hosting partners to provide the necessary hardware, software, networking, storage, and related technology required to run the Service.
We may, but have no obligation to, remove Content and Accounts containing Content that we determine in our sole discretion are unlawful, offensive, threatening, libelous, defamatory, pornographic, obscene or otherwise objectionable or violates any party's intellectual property or these Terms of Service.
Unique School App does not warrant that (i) the service will meet your specific requirements, (ii) the service will be uninterrupted, timely, or error-free, (iii) the results that may be obtained from the use of the service will be accurate or reliable, (iv) the quality of any products, services, information, or other material purchased or obtained by you through the service will meet your expectations, and (v) any errors in the Service will be corrected.
You expressly understand and agree that Unique School App shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential or exemplary damages, resulting from: (i) the use or the inability to use the service; (ii) statements or conduct of any third party on the service; (iii) or any other matter relating to the service.
The failure of Unique School App to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the Terms of Service shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. The Terms of Service constitutes the entire agreement between you and Unique School App and govern your use of the Service, superseding any prior agreements between you and Unique School App (including, but not limited to, any prior versions of the Terms of Service).
Technical Support
Technical support is available via email support@uniqueschools.ie Monday to Friday 09:30 am to 16:00pm (excluding normal business holidays and bank holidays)
Contact Us
Questions about the Terms of Service should be sent to via email support@uniqueschools.ie