Last updated on
26th September, 2024
Privacy Policy for Hutch titles available on Apple Arcade
This Privacy Policy applies to any game ("
Game
") created by Hutch Games Ltd (“
We
”, "
Us
", “
Our
” or “
Hutch
”) that is made available via the Apple Arcade subscription service from time to time (the "
Service
").
1
Data we collect
We do not collect or store any personal data through this Game.
The Game collects and sends certain non-identifiable data, such as data relating to your progress in the Game, to the Service and Apple services such as iCloud and Game Center for purposes including, but not limited to, saving your progress in the Game, synchronizing your progress between devices if you choose to play the Game on multiple devices with iCloud enabled, awarding achievements via Game Center and ranking your score on Game Center leaderboards. Such non-identifiable data is not received by us or stored on our servers. All users of the Service are subject to Apple Arcade's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
You may opt out of storing data in iCloud or sending data to Game Center. To disable iCloud data storage, you must turn off iCloud for our Game in the settings for any device where you have installed the Game. If you do this, your progress in the Game will no longer be synchronized between devices. To disable sending data to Game Center, you must sign out of Game Center in the settings for such devices. Please note, leaderboards and achievements for the Game will no longer be inaccessible.
The Game collects and stores non-identifiable data from children in the same way as for other users as described in this policy.
2
Data you provide to Us
If you voluntarily contact Us, we will process any personal data provided by you as follows:
●  Customer support and general queries. If you contact us for any reason save for complaints, We will process your communication and any information you provide within it solely for the purpose of responding to your query. Your personal data and associated information is not used for any other purpose and will be stored in a manner that reasonably protects it from misuse and unauthorized access, modification or disclosure.
●  Complaints. If you contact Us with a complaint, We will process your name and contact details, details of other individuals identified in the complaint and any relevant documents for the purpose of processing the complaint, improving Hutch’s services and train staff and of course responding to you. Hutch will retain information in relation to a complaint for a maximum of six (6) years after its closure, in a secure environment and access to it will be restricted on a ‘need to know’ basis. Hutch relies on Art. 6 para. 1(b) GDPR to collect the information set out in this paragraph
We will not disclose any personal data as referred to in this paragraph 2 unless required or authorised by law. You may request details of any personal data which we hold about you. To obtain a copy of any information that we hold about you, please contact us via the email address provided at the end of this policy.
3
Policy Updates
Hutch may update this Privacy Policy from time to time if there are any changes to the processes outlined above.
4
Contact Details
If at any time you would like to contact Hutch about your views on this privacy policy or any enquiry relating to your personal data, including but not limited to your rights under the GDPR and/or CCPA (as applicable), you can email our Data Protection Manager at
dataprivacy@hutch.io
.
Hutch’s registered address is 44-46 Scrutton Street, Shoreditch, London EC2A 4HH, UK. We are a company incorporated in England and Wales with company number 07692393.
We have a representative in the European Union for data protection matters:
Modern Times Group MTG AB,
556309-9158, Skeppsbron 18,
Box 2094, 111 30 Stockholm,
Sweden
Since we are a subsidiary company of Modern Times Group MTG AB, we form a group of undertakings together with it and its other subsidiaries.