Your privacy is extremely important to us! This Privacy Policy describes how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you visit or make a purchase from https://choixstore.com.
The terms "You," "Your," "Yours" and "User" refer to the entity/person/organization using our site. When this Policy mentions "We", "Us," and "Our" it refers to Choix UK and its subsidiaries and affiliates. “Site” refers to https://choixstore.com and its android and iOS mobile app
This Privacy Policy is governed by our Terms of Services.
For any questions regarding this Policy or any requests regarding the processing of personal data, please contact us at dovy@tdglobalmedia.com.
1. INFORMATION WE COLLECT FROM YOU
We collect the information You provide us and this information is necessary for the adequate performance of the contractual arrangement which is in place between You and us and allow us to comply with our legal obligations.
Account Signup Information. When You create the account, we ask You to provide the signup information, such as Email, Name, Surname, Phone, Username, Passwords, Personal Number, Address.
Communication, chats, messages. When you communicate with us through email or any other way, we collect information about your communication and any information You choose to provide or disclose. In order to answer your request, we may access information provided by email, chats, purchase history, etc.
User Images. We utilize image(s) you upload for various purposes, including uploading user-generated content like product reviews, facilitating support chat interactions, and enabling image-based product search for a seamless shopping experience.
Payment Information. To order and use features of Site, we may require you to provide certain financial information in order to facilitate the processing of payments. We collect your Credit or debit card number, Credit or debit card type, Credit or debit card expiration date, Billing address, Tax number, Name and surname.
Login information. We collect Login information if You are logging to our account with Authentication Data.
2. INFORMATION WE COLLECT AUTOMATICALLY
When you use our Site or contact us directly we may collect information, including your personal information, about the way you act in our Site, the services You use and how You use them.
This information is necessary for the adequate performance of the contract between You and us, to enable us to comply with legal obligations and given our legitimate interest in being able to provide and improve the functionalities of the Site.
Log data and Device information. We automatically collect log data and device information when you access and use the site, even if you have not created an Account or logged in. That information includes, among other things: Internet protocol (IP) addresses, Browser type, Internet service provider (ISP), Referring/exit pages, Operating system, Date/time stamp, Clickstream data.
Tracking technologies and Cookies. We use Cookies, Beacons, Tags, CI codes (click tracking), ISC (source tracking), ITC (item tracking codes), Phone model, Device ID, Customer number. We also automatically collect information about the device's operating system .
Geo-location data. We collect information about your approximate location as determined by data such as your IP address to offer you an improved user experience. Such data may be collected only when you access the Site using your device.
Usage information. We use a tool called "Google Analytics" to collect information about your interactions with the Site (what pages you visit, such as the pages or content you view, your searches for Listings, bookings you have made, and other actions on the Site. In consequence, Google, Inc. plants a permanent cookie on your web browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit this Site). For more information please visit Google.
Publicly available personal Information.
3. THE WAY WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
We process your information adhering to the general data processing principles.
We may use the information we collect through our Site for a number of reasons, including to:
to identify user
to create account
to create trusted environment
to create statistics and analyze market
to stay connected
to customize marketing
to send billing information
to manage user orders
to contact user
to improve services
to ensure data security and prevent fraud
to comply with applicable laws
to request feedback
to post testimonials
to provide support
We will normally collect personal information from you only where we have your consent to do so, where we need the personal information to perform a contract with you, or where the processing is in our legitimate business interests.
4. DIRECT MARKETING
We may use your provided contact details for direct marketing. These direct marketing offers, depending on your preferences, may be personalized taking into account any other information which you have provided to us (e.g. location, social media profile information, etc.) or we have collected or generated from other sources as described below.
If you wish to withdraw the consent for direct marketing, and refuse to receive information from us, you may exercise such an option at any time you wish by updating your preferences in your account, following the instructions to unsubscribe in the received email.
5. HOW WE MAY SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
Site may send user information like email address to its mobile app provider Vajro and to Shopify if you use social login (Facebook, Google, Apple) or a one time code.
Site may use (currently or in the future) analytical tools like
Google Analytics
,
Firebase Analytics
,
Clevertap
and
Appsflyer
.
We may also disclose your information to third parties:
where required by law or regulatory requirement, court order or other judicial authorization;
in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including for the purposes of meeting national security and law enforcement requirements;
in connection with the sale, transfer, merger, bankruptcy, restructuring or other reorganization of a business;
to protect or defend our rights, interests or property, or that of third parties; (e) to investigate any wrongdoing in connection with our products and services;
and to protect the vital interests of an individual.
6. COOKIES
Cookies are small text files stored by your browser on your computer when you visit our Site. We use cookies to improve our Site and make it easier to use. Cookies permit us to recognize users and avoid repetitive requests for the same information.
Cookies from our Site cannot be read by other Sites. Most browsers will accept cookies unless you change your browser settings to refuse them.
Cookies we use on our Site:
Strictly necessary cookies - These cookies are required for the operation of our Site. They help us to show you the right information, customize your experience, and allow us to implement and maintain security features as well as to help us detect malicious activities. Without these cookies operation of the Site would be impossible or its functioning may be severely affected.
You may find more information about how to delete cookies, as well as the other useful information related to the use of the cookies, on the website http://www.allaboutcookies.org/.
7. SENSITIVE INFORMATION
We do not collect sensitive information such as political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, racial or ethnic origin, genetic data, biometric data, health data or data related a sexual orientation.
Please do not send, upload, or provide us any sensitive data and contact us using the contact details below if you believe that we might have such information. We have a right to delete any information we believe might contain sensitive data.
8. PAYMENT INFORMATION
Please refer to the privacy policy which is available in our website https://choixstore.com.
9. THIRD PARTY LINKS
Our Site may have links to other websites. Please review their privacy policies to learn more about how they collect and use your personal data, because we do not control their policies and personal data processing practices.
10. RETENTION
We retain your personal information to provide services to you and as otherwise necessary to comply with our legal obligation, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
We will retain your personal information as long as we need it to provide services to you, unless we are otherwise required by law or regulations to retain your personal information longer.
11. SECURITY
We have implemented security measures designed to protect the personal information you share with us, including physical, electronic and procedural measures. Among other things, we regularly monitor our systems for possible vulnerabilities and attacks.
Regardless of the measures and efforts taken by us, the transmission of information via the internet, email or text message is not completely secure. We do not guarantee the absolute protection and security of your personal information or any other User Content you upload, publish or otherwise share with us or anyone else.
We therefore encourage you to avoid providing us or anyone with any sensitive information of which you believe its disclosure could cause you substantial or irreparable harm.
If you have any questions regarding the security of our Site or Services, you are welcome to contact us at dovy@tdglobalmedia.com.
12. YOUR RIGHTS
You are entitled to a range of rights regarding the protection of your personal information. Those rights are:
The right to access the information we have about you. If you wish to access your personal information that we collect, you can do so at any time by contacting us at dovy@tdglobalmedia.com
The right to rectify inaccurate information about you. You can correct, update or request deletion of your personal information by contacting us using the contact details provided below.
The right to object to the processing. When we rely on your consent to process your personal information, you may withdraw consent at any time by contacting us using the contact details provided below. This will not affect the lawfulness of processing prior to the withdrawal of your consent.
The right to lodge a complaint. You can raise questions or complaints to the national Data Protection Agency in your country of residence in the event where your rights may have been infringed. However, we recommend attempting to reach a peaceful resolution of the possible dispute by contacting us first.
The right to erase any data concerning you. You may demand erasure of data without undue delay for legitimate reasons, e.g. where data is no longer necessary for the purposes it was collected, or where the data has been unlawfully processed.
If you choose to delete your account and all associated data (or specific parts of it), send an email to dovy@tdglobalmedia.com requesting deletion of data. We'll process your request and delete all account data within (x [Max: 30]) days. You will receive an email confirmation as soon as it is done.
13. APPLICATION OF POLICY
This Policy applies only to the services offered by our Company. Our Policy does not apply to services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites that may be displayed to you in search results, sites that may include our services or other sites linked from our Site or Services.
14. AMENDMENTS
Our Policy may change from time to time. We will post any Policy changes on our Site and, if the changes are significant, we may consider providing a more explicit notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Policy changes).
15. ACCEPTANCE OF THIS POLICY
We assume that all Users of this Site have carefully read this document and agree to its contents. If someone does not agree with this Policy, they should refrain from using our Site. We reserve the right to change our Policy at any time and inform by using the way as indicated in Section 14. Continued use of this Site implies acceptance of the revised Policy.
16. FURTHER INFORMATION
If you have any further questions regarding the data we collect, or how we use it, then please feel free to contact us at dovy@tdglobalmedia.com
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://choixstore.com/policies/privacy-policy:
We value your privacy
We use cookies and other technologies to personalize your experience, perform marketing, and collect analytics. Learn more in our
Privacy Policy.
Manage preferences
Accept
Decline
Skip to content
Clearance
New Arrivals
Multi-Packs
Tracksuits
Two-Piece Sets
T-Shirts
Knitwear
Polo's & Shirts
Trousers & Cargos
Hoodies & Sweatshirts
Jackets
Shorts
Gift Card
Your bag is empty
HASSLE FREE RETURNS
FREE UK DELIVERY OVER £75/€85/$95
PREMIUM QUALITY AT UNBEATABLE PRICES
HASSLE FREE RETURNS
FREE UK DELIVERY OVER £75/€85/$95
PREMIUM QUALITY AT UNBEATABLE PRICES
HASSLE FREE RETURNS
Last updated: October 22, 2024
This Privacy Policy describes how Choix UK (the "Site", "we", "us", or "our") collects, uses, and discloses your personal information when you visit, use our services, or make a purchase from choixstore.com (the "Site") or otherwise communicate with us regarding the Site (collectively, the "Services"). For purposes of this Privacy Policy, "you" and "your" means you as the user of the Services, whether you are a customer, website visitor, or another individual whose information we have collected pursuant to this Privacy Policy.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time, including to reflect changes to our practices or for other operational, legal, or regulatory reasons. We will post the revised Privacy Policy on the Site, update the "Last updated" date and take any other steps required by applicable law.
How We Collect and Use Your Personal Information
To provide the Services, we collect and have collected over the past 12 months personal information about you from a variety of sources, as set out below. The information that we collect and use varies depending on how you interact with us.
In addition to the specific uses set out below, we may use information we collect about you to communicate with you, provide or improve or improve the Services, comply with any applicable legal obligations, enforce any applicable terms of service, and to protect or defend the Services, our rights, and the rights of our users or others.
What Personal Information We Collect
The types of personal information we obtain about you depends on how you interact with our Site and use our Services. When we use the term "personal information", we are referring to information that identifies, relates to, describes or can be associated with you. The following sections describe the categories and specific types of personal information we collect.
Information We Collect Directly from You
Information that you directly submit to us through our Services may include:
Contact details
including your name, address, phone number, and email.
Order information
including your name, billing address, shipping address, payment confirmation, email address, and phone number.
Account information
including your username, password, security questions and other information used for account security purposes.
Customer support information
including the information you choose to include in communications with us, for example, when sending a message through the Services.
Some features of the Services may require you to directly provide us with certain information about yourself. You may elect not to provide this information, but doing so may prevent you from using or accessing these features.
Information We Collect about Your Usage
We may also automatically collect certain information about your interaction with the Services ("
Usage Data
"). To do this, we may use cookies, pixels and similar technologies ("
Cookies
"). Usage Data may include information about how you access and use our Site and your account, including device information, browser information, information about your network connection, your IP address and other information regarding your interaction with the Services.
Information We Obtain from Third Parties
Finally, we may obtain information about you from third parties, including from vendors and service providers who may collect information on our behalf, such as:
Companies who support our Site and Services, such as Shopify.
Our payment processors, who collect payment information (e.g., bank account, credit or debit card information, billing address) to process your payment in order to fulfill your orders and provide you with products or services you have requested, in order to perform our contract with you.
When you visit our Site, open or click on emails we send you, or interact with our Services or advertisements, we, or third parties we work with, may automatically collect certain information using online tracking technologies such as pixels, web beacons, software developer kits, third-party libraries, and cookies.
Any information we obtain from third parties will be treated in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Also see the section below,
Third Party Websites and Links.
How We Use Your Personal Information
Providing Products and Services.
We use your personal information to provide you with the Services in order to perform our contract with you, including to process your payments, fulfill your orders, to send notifications to you related to your account, purchases, returns, exchanges or other transactions, to create, maintain and otherwise manage your account, to arrange for shipping, facilitate any returns and exchanges and other features and functionalities related to your account. We may also enhance your shopping experience by enabling Shopify to match your account with other Shopify services that you may choose to use. In this case, Shopify will process your information as set forth in its Privacy Policy and Consumer Privacy Policy.
Marketing and Advertising.
We may use your personal information for marketing and promotional purposes, such as to send marketing, advertising and promotional communications by email, text message or postal mail, and to show you advertisements for products or services. This may include using your personal information to better tailor the Services and advertising on our Site and other websites. If you are an EEA resident, the legal basis for these data processing activities is our legitimate interest in selling our products, according to Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR.
Security and Fraud Prevention.
We use your personal information to detect, investigate or take action regarding possible fraudulent, illegal or malicious activity. If you choose to use the Services and register an account, you are responsible for keeping your account credentials safe. We highly recommend that you do not share your username, password, or other access details with anyone else. If you believe your account has been compromised, please contact us immediately. If you are an EEA resident, the legal basis for these data processing activities is our legitimate interest in keeping our website secure for you and other customers, according to Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR.
Communicating with You and Service Improvement.
We use your personal information to provide you with customer support and improve our Services. This is in our legitimate interests in order to be responsive to you, to provide effective services to you, and to maintain our business relationship with you according to Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR.
Cookies
Like many websites, we use Cookies on our Site. For specific information about the Cookies that we use related to powering our store with Shopify, see
https://www.shopify.com/legal/cookies
. We use Cookies to power and improve our Site and our Services (including to remember your actions and preferences), to run analytics and better understand user interaction with the Services (in our legitimate interests to administer, improve and optimize the Services). We may also permit third parties and services providers to use Cookies on our Site to better tailor the services, products and advertising on our Site and other websites.
Most browsers automatically accept Cookies by default, but you can choose to set your browser to remove or reject Cookies through your browser controls. Please keep in mind that removing or blocking Cookies can negatively impact your user experience and may cause some of the Services, including certain features and general functionality, to work incorrectly or no longer be available. Additionally, blocking Cookies may not completely prevent how we share information with third parties such as our advertising partners.
Our website also recognizes the Global Privacy Control (GPC) signal, which enables you to opt-out of certain uses or disclosures of your information. If you notify us of your preference through GPC, we will treat such signal as a valid request to opt out of sharing / targeted advertising for the associated browser or device, and, if we are able to associate the device sending the signal to a Shopify account, we will apply the opt out request to the account as well. To learn more about Global Privacy Control, you can visit
https://globalprivacycontrol.org/
. Other than the Global Privacy Control, we do not recognize other “Do Not Track” signals that may be sent from your web browser or device.
How We Disclose Personal Information
In certain circumstances, we may disclose your personal information to third parties for contract fulfillment purposes, legitimate purposes and other reasons subject to this Privacy Policy. Such circumstances may include:
With vendors or other third parties who perform services on our behalf (e.g., IT management, payment processing, data analytics, customer support, cloud storage, fulfillment and shipping).
With business and marketing partners to provide services and advertise to you. Our business and marketing partners will use your information in accordance with their own privacy notices.
When you direct, request us or otherwise consent to our disclosure of certain information to third parties, such as to ship you products or through your use of social media widgets or login integrations, with your consent.
With our affiliates or otherwise within our corporate group, in our legitimate interests to run a successful business.
In connection with a business transaction such as a merger or bankruptcy, to comply with any applicable legal obligations (including to respond to subpoenas, search warrants and similar requests), to enforce any applicable terms of service, and to protect or defend the Services, our rights, and the rights of our users or others.
We have in the past 12 months disclosed the following categories of personal information and sensitive personal information about users for the purposes set out above in
"How we Collect and Use your Personal Information"
and
"How we Disclose Personal Information"
:
Category
Categories of Recipients
Identifiers such as basic contact details and certain order and account information
Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute such as basic contact details and certain order and account information
Commercial information such as order information, shopping information and customer support information
Internet or other similar network activity, such as Usage Data
Geolocation data such as locations determined by an IP address or other technical measures
Vendors and third parties who perform services on our behalf (such as Internet service providers, payment processors, fulfillment partners, customer support partners and data analytics providers)
Business and marketing partners
Affiliates
We do not use or disclose sensitive personal information without your consent or for the purposes of inferring characteristics about you.
With your consent we share personal information for the purpose of engaging in advertising and marketing activities, as follows.
We have “sold” and “shared” (as those terms are defined in applicable law) personal information over the preceding 12 months for the purpose of engaging in advertising and marketing activities, as follows.
Category of Personal Information
Categories of Recipients
Identifiers such as name, e-mail address and phone number
Business and marketing partners
Commercial information such as records of products or services purchased
Business and marketing partners
Usage Data
Business and marketing partners
Third Party Websites and Links
Our Site may provide links to websites or other online platforms operated by third parties. If you follow links to sites not affiliated or controlled by us, you should review their privacy and security policies and other terms and conditions. We do not guarantee and are not responsible for the privacy or security of such sites, including the accuracy, completeness, or reliability of information found on these sites. Information you provide on public or semi-public venues, including information you share on third-party social networking platforms may also be viewable by other users of the Services and/or users of those third-party platforms without limitation as to its use by us or by a third party. Our inclusion of such links does not, by itself, imply any endorsement of the content on such platforms or of their owners or operators, except as disclosed on the Services.
Children's Data
The Services are not intended to be used by children, and we do not knowingly collect any personal information about children. If you are the parent or guardian of a child who has provided us with their personal information, you may contact us using the contact details set out below to request that it be deleted.
As of the Effective Date of this Privacy Policy, we do not have actual knowledge that we “share” or “sell” (as those terms are defined in applicable law) personal information of individuals under 16 years of age.
Security and Retention of Your Information
Please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable, and we cannot guarantee “perfect security.” In addition, any information you send to us may not be secure while in transit. We recommend that you do not use insecure channels to communicate sensitive or confidential information to us.
How long we retain your personal information depends on different factors, such as whether we need the information to maintain your account, to provide the Services, comply with legal obligations, resolve disputes or enforce other applicable contracts and policies.
Your Rights
Depending on where you live, you may have some or all of the rights listed below in relation to your personal information. However, these rights are not absolute, may apply only in certain circumstances and, in certain cases, we may decline your request as permitted by law.
Right to Access / Know
: You may have a right to request access to personal information that we hold about you, including details relating to the ways in which we use and share your information.
Right to Delete
: You may have a right to request that we delete personal information we maintain about you.
Right to Correct
: You may have a right to request that we correct inaccurate personal information we maintain about you.
Right of Portability
: You may have a right to receive a copy of the personal information we hold about you and to request that we transfer it to a third party, in certain circumstances and with certain exceptions.
Right to Opt out of Sale or Sharing or Targeted Advertising
: You may have a right to direct us not to "sell" or "share" your personal information or to opt out of the processing of your personal information for purposes considered to be "targeted advertising", as defined in applicable privacy laws. Please note that if you visit our Site with the Global Privacy Control opt-out preference signal enabled, depending on where you are, we will automatically treat this as a request to opt-out of the "sale" or "sharing" of information for the device and browser that you use to visit the Site.
Restriction of Processing
: You may have the right to ask us to stop or restrict our processing of personal information.
Withdrawal of Consent
: Where we rely on consent to process your personal information, you may have the right to withdraw this consent.
Appeal
: You may have a right to appeal our decision if we decline to process your request. You can do so by replying directly to our denial.
Managing Communication Preferences
: We may send you promotional emails, and you may opt out of receiving these at any time by using the unsubscribe option displayed in our emails to you. If you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as those about your account or orders that you have made.
You may exercise any of these rights where indicated on our Site or by contacting us using the contact details provided below.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of these rights. We may need to collect information from you to verify your identity, such as your email address or account information, before providing a substantive response to the request. In accordance with applicable laws, you may designate an authorized agent to make requests on your behalf to exercise your rights. Before accepting such a request from an agent, we will require that the agent provide proof you have authorized them to act on your behalf, and we may need you to verify your identity directly with us. We will respond to your request in a timely manner as required under applicable law.
Complaints
If you have complaints about how we process your personal information, please contact us using the contact details provided below. If you are not satisfied with our response to your complaint, depending on where you live you may have the right to appeal our decision by contacting us using the contact details set out below, or lodge your complaint with your local data protection authority. For the EEA, you can find a list of the responsible data protection supervisory authorities
here
.
International Users
Please note that we may transfer, store and process your personal information outside the country you live in. Your personal information is also processed by staff and third party service providers and partners in these countries.
If we transfer your personal information out of Europe, we will rely on recognized transfer mechanisms like the European Commission's Standard Contractual Clauses, or any equivalent contracts issued by the relevant competent authority of the UK, as relevant, unless the data transfer is to a country that has been determined to provide an adequate level of protection.
Contact
Should you have any questions about our privacy practices or this Privacy Policy, or if you would like to exercise any of the rights available to you, please call or email us at dovy@tdglobalmedia.com or contact us at 5 Nile Close, Ashton-on-Ribble, Preston, ENG, PR2 2XU, GB.
For the purpose of applicable data protection laws and if not explicitly stated otherwise, we are the data controller of your personal information.
You’re 4 products away from
10% OFF
10% OFF
20% OFF
Your cart is empty