Paid Version
Sales OrderOrder
Contact Information
CONTACT
INFORMATION
Full Organization Name
Contact Name
Job Title
Phone
Phone
Email
Fax (optional)
Address and Postal Code
The order contact will be the default admin for multiple networks. Notify the account manager if you need to assign another admin or have purchased multiple Professional Edition.
Order Details
ORDER DETAILS
NO
Product Name
Participants
Start Date
End date
Network ID
Amount (Yuan)
1
Subtotal (RMB)
*The VAS recharge amount will be credited to the corporate account of the designated network upon receipt of payment and will be used by the customer to pay for value-added services such as SMS, newsletters, extended applications and other value-added services.
PAYMENT INFORMATION
The customer shall complete the payment of the order amount through the following payment methods within ___ working days after signing this order.
Bank: Minsheng Bank Shanghai Daning Sub-branch
Account: 641967782
Account Name: Shanghai Wanqi Mingdao Software Co., Ltd
Alipay account: payment@xxx.com
Order Signing
SIGNATURE
Customer (Seal)
Authorized Seller (Seal)
Signed by:
Signed by:
Date：
Date：
In case the company seal name does not match the text, the name on the official seal shall prevail.
PROCESS CODE
PAY|ACT|AFF
|RES
|PREM
|COMM
Terms TERMS & CONDITIONS
Agreement
1.This Agreement is a legal contract between the Mingdao Subscriber and the Mingdao Authorized Seller. By signing this Agreement and returning it (including the use of electronic means of communication such as fax, email, etc.) to the Mingdao Authorized Seller, the Subscriber of the Premium Mode (Standard Edition, Professional Edition, and Ultimate Edition are all in the Premium Mode) accepts the Billing and Payment Terms of the Agreement and shall be bound by the terms of the Agreement from the time of issuance of the Agreement.
2. This contract is governed by the laws of the People's Republic of China.
The term "Mingdao" used in the text below refers to the Mingdao Application Platform, Mingdao Zero-Code Application Platform, Mingdao APaaS Platform, or the companies that operate them.
Legitimate Use
1.Mingdao services are limited to providing customers with tools for normal and legal business purposes. If customers use Mingdao products for the following behaviors, it will constitute a fundamental breach of contract, and Mingdao has the right to suspend services, terminate this contract at any time, and seek compensation for any resulting losses:
1) There is clear evidence that customers are using Mingdao for illegal business activities.
2) Any form of re-licensing, sale, or transfer of the Mingdao product to any third party has been conducted.
3) Any form of reverse engineering of the Mingdao products for the design and development of competing products, or copying and imitating the design of Mingdao in competing products.
4) Abusing the communication functions of Mingdao products to send spam emails and messages.
5) Other actions that harm the ongoing service and reputation of Mingdao, including attacks on Mingdao's servers.
Data and Program Ownership
1.The originality of the data created by users on the Mingdao platform belongs to the customer, who has the right to dispose of it in any form, including copying, exporting, and deleting from the platform (additional export services are charged separately based on usage).
2.All intellectual property associated with Mingdao's applications, source code, LOGO, interface design, and application programming interfaces (APIs) belongs to the operating company of Mingdao.
User Privacy Rights and Information Confidentiality
1.Mingdao shall make every effort from an organizational and technical perspective to protect user data security, distributing user information only based on user behavior indications on the website. Mingdao will never provide any specific data generated by users to any unrelated third parties.
2.Mingdao reserves the right to use aggregated statistical information, which should be anonymous and not targeted at specific users.
Service continuity
1.For users in advanced mode, Mingdao promises a 99% uptime rate during the service period. Downtime maintenance due to product updates that is notified in advance and lasts less than one hour shall be considered within the normal service scope. In cases where data needs to be restored from backup files, Mingdao typically requires 4 hours, with a maximum of 48 hours to complete; data recovery within this time frame is considered as continuous service.
2.Mingdao will not be liable for compensation for service interruptions and prolonged cessation caused by significant natural disasters, wars, and other force majeure events.
Billing and Payment
1.The number of users specified in the Mingdao Advanced Mode User Package refers to the total number of all active users in the client network, while invited external users are not counted.
2.Customers shall make timely payment of the price according to the payment obligations specified in this order. If the user delays payment of the bill for more than 30 days, the system will stop the premium mode service and switch to the free mode. The parameter data set by the user in premium mode may be lost or reset to default settings as a result. Even after the premium mode service has been stopped, any unpaid bills will still be considered as the customer's debt. Mingdao reserves the right to pursue the debt and late fees, which will be charged at a rate of 0.05% of the outstanding amount per day based on the number of overdue days.
3.After the authorization period of Mingdao expires, if the renewal package is not purchased in a timely manner, the user's advanced mode will be automatically terminated. If users wish to continue using the advanced mode of Mingdao, they must sign the renewal order at least three working days before the authorization expires.
Application Customization Service Delivery
1.Party B guarantees that the application customization service meets Party A's demand, the content of the demand is based on the content described in the "Demand Table" confirmed by communication between Party A and Party B. The service can be revised within the scope of the content described in the "Demand Table" and can be adjusted by negotiation between Party A and Party B. If the content exceeds the "Demand Table", Party B will make a new offer for the new demand. If the service is revised within the scope of "Demand List", it can be adjusted by Party A and Party B through negotiation.
2.The party purchasing the industry standard application solution has the right to propose new requirements and modification suggestions for the industry solution to the other party. Ultimately, the other party will evaluate and adopt these suggestions uniformly. The subsequent unified upgrades and updates of the industry standard application solution will be the responsibility of the other party. If the party requires personalized adjustment services for the industry standard application solution, the other party will negotiate the quotation with the actual application solution provider.
3.After the acceptance of the application customization service delivery, Party A shall sign and confirm the application customization service delivery notification provided by Party B as a basis for service delivery. If Party A raises no objections within 7 days of receiving the delivery notification, it is deemed that Party A has confirmed the completion of the service delivery.
Dispute Resolution
Both parties agree to resolve disputes that cannot be negotiated under this contract through litigation at the People's Court of the jurisdiction where the contract is governed, in accordance with the laws of the People's Republic of China.