Privacy Policy
Kooapps LLC ("we," "our," and/or "us") value the privacy of individuals who use our website, mobile applications ("Apps"), and related services (collectively, our "Services"). This privacy policy (the "Privacy Policy") explains how we collect, use, and share information from users of our Services ("Users") to improve the gaming experience.
For users of our Apps that are part of Apple Arcade, please refer to the
"Apple Arcade"
section below.
By using our Services, you agree to the collection, use, disclosure, and procedures this Privacy Policy describes. Beyond this Privacy Policy, your use of our Services is subject to our
Terms of Service.
APPLE ARCADE
This section applies if you are playing one of our Apps that is offered through Apple Arcade ("Apple Arcade Apps").
Your Apple Arcade App Information.
We do not collect, use, disclose or retain any of your personal information as part of the standard operation of our Apple Arcade Apps. You can use and enjoy our Apple Arcade Apps without supplying us with your personal information. We collect some anonymized information (including your Game Center Nickname and game score) as part of your gameplay. All other information from your use of the Apple Arcade Apps is sent directly to Apple, and is subject to the terms, conditions, and policies between you and Apple.
iCloud.
Our Apple Arcade Apps provide full support for Apple's iCloud service, which means that they automatically save some of your game information (such as progress and current game state) and allow iCloud access to that information. If you have iCloud enabled on your device, iCloud will upload that data to the cloud on your behalf. This process never involves our servers or storage. You can enable or disable iCloud through your device settings.
Customer Support.
If you contact us for customer support from within one of our Apple Arcade Apps, we will receive your email address and the contents of whatever message you send us. As this message is outside of the standard operation of our Apple Arcade games, any information you send to us is covered by the terms of the Privacy Policy.
Anonymized Data.
As part of the Apple Arcade service, we may periodically receive data from Apple about the usage of our Apple Arcade Apps. This data is anonymized, which means it cannot be connected to individuals.
Children.
We do not collect, use, disclose or retain the personal information of children under 13 as part of the standard operation of our Apple Arcade Apps. As a guardian, you can provide additional protection by changing the access settings on your devices. Please see the “Children” section in our Privacy Policy for more information.
CONTACT INFORMATION
Kooapps LLC
is responsible for processing your information. If you have any questions, comments, or concerns about our processing activities, please email us at
support@kooapps.com
or write to us at
PO Box 50625 Bellevue, WA 98015
.