DramaWave Privacy Policy
Release Date of this Privacy Policy: November 4 , 2024
Effective Date of this Privacy Policy: November 4 , 2024
Welcome to use DramaWave with its available format and versions (hereafter referred to as “
DramaWave ”,“we” or “us
”), and become a part of our creative community!
As the operator of DramaWave, we respect your right to privacy and highly value the protection of your Personal Data. This DramaWave Privacy Policy (“
Privacy Policy
”) explains how we collect, process and protect your Personal Data when you use DramaWave and how you can exercise your rights to Personal Data protection.
For information that demands your particular notice and that may have a significant impact on your rights and interests, we have highlighted it in bold font to draw your attention. If you do not agree with this policy, you should not access or use the Platform.
“Personal Data”
in this Privacy Policy refers any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (data subject), including nickname, date of birth, email address, social account information, etc. While we also collect or store other information in a manner that can not be linked back to you (
“Non-Personal Data
”) such as anonymous usage data, landing/exit pages and URLs, platform types, number of clicks, etc.
DramaWave has a diverse community of users in various ages. However, DramaWave is not directed to any minors under the age of 18. If we become aware that any Personal Data has been collected by DramaWave from a user under the age of 18 without the consent from the guardian, we will delete such Personal Data and terminate the user's account. If you believe that we have collected Personal Data from a minor under the age of 18, please contact us
by using the contact details provided in the “How to contact us” section below.
If you are a parent or legal guardian of a minor, please ensure that you have read this Privacy Policy and are responsible for your child's activities before allowing your child to create his or her own DramaWave account and use the application. You are suggested to pay close attention to your child's use of DramaWave and to ensure that your child only uses the age-appropriate functions.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us using the contact details provided at the end of this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy informs you of the following information:
What types of Personal Data do we collect and our purposes
How do we use cookies and similar technologies
How do we process minor's Personal Data
How do we share and entrust the processing of your Personal Data
How do we protect your Personal Data
How do we store your Personal Data
Your rights
Special notice to California residents
How do we update this Privacy Policy
How to contact us
Governing law and dispute solution
1. What types of Personal Data do we collect and our purposes
The scope of Personal Data we collect depends on the functions of DramaWave you use and how you use these functions. The purposes and types of Personal Data we collect are summarized in the below.
A. The Personal Data you directly provide to us
Registration and Login
. If you choose to register for a DramaWave account by email or mobile phone number (if applicable), we may need to collect your email address, phone number, nickname, age and a password for your account. If you refuse to provide such Personal Data, you will not be able to complete the registration process and can only use very limited functions of DramaWave as a visitor. After you have logged in, you may also choose to add additional Personal Data to your personal profile page, such as your nickname, avatar/portrait, gender, introduction, etc. New users of DramaWave may also log in through a third-party platform account (please refer to Section 1.C below for more information).
To further clarify, we may collect the age/birthday provided by users for (i) compliance with laws. By requiring users to provide age/birthday information, DramaWave can restrict access to certain features and content that may not be appropriate for minors to comply with laws in different regions, and request consent from the parents to their children's use of DramaWave and the process of the minor's Personal Data, and the age/birthday helps identify and address issues related to minors, such as the protection of minors and the prevention of child abuse or delinquent behavior, (ii) account security and authentication. By verifying a user's age/birthday, DramaWave can better protect users from fraudulent accounts, unauthorized access, and other security issues, (iii) ad targeting and personalized experience. DramaWave uses age/birthday information to better understand the characteristics of its users, to provide a more personalized experience, and to ensure that ads are more accurately delivered to the target user.
Contact and Marketing.
We may use the contact information provided by you (e.g., email address) to conduct user survey or to send you information about products and services that may be of interest to you. Where required by applicable laws and regulations, we will obtain your consent before sending you marketing messages. If you are not interested in such information, you may refuse at any time during the communication, for example, by clicking on the unsubscribe/refuse option or sending us a reply to opt-out.
B. The Personal Data provided by you or generated during your use of DramaWave
Content Viewing and Other Use
. Whether you are viewing a content or using the service after login or as a visitor, we may collect your usage data, including your browsing history and associated network information, and device data, please refer to section “Maintaining Functionality, Stability and Security” for more detail information, so to record and further explore the content you have viewed. For any user viewing publicly available content or using the Service within DramaWave without logging in, we will store such usage data we collect with unique identifiers tied to the application and the device you are using, any change to such identifiers may result in you lose the access to your data, so it is advised that you use the service after logging in, so that such data can be stored with your account.
Quick Access to Clipboard.
We collect your clipboard when you have copy or paste action with our Platform after we ask for your permission and you choose to allow it. We use such information to enable marketing and promotions, and fulfill the customized user experience. Furthermore, such information will be stored in our App.
Payment and Transaction
. When you use our top up or payment functions (including subscription, pay-per-view, purchase, etc.) and initiate a payment request, we need to collect your user ID, country/region, payment currency, payment amount, payment time, payment method, order number and other information to complete the payment and transaction process via the Application Program Interface (API) supported by the third-party payment service providers. In order to prevent money laundering and related illegal activities, we may require you to provide a government-issued ID to verify your identity to comply with relevant legal obligations when you withdraw coins or virtual properties from DramaWave. When you use the third party payment service, you may be required to provide your credit/debt card number directly to the third party, the privacy policy of the third party will apply to your data it collected.
Feedback, Report, and Survey,
. When you use the feedback function within DramaWave, we need to collect the feedback description and screenshot. If you do not provide such information, we may not be able to help you resolve the issue or respond to your feedback. In addition, if you wish to make a report (for example, when you discover any illegal content, illegal user activity, or your rights have been violated), we need to collect a description of your report, the type of report, and relevant proofs (if any) in order to understand the facts and help you resolve the issue. When you participate in our survey, we request certain information from you, including Personal Data and Non-Personal Data, and we use such information to optimize our services and provide personalized help and instruction.
Improving User Experience
. To improve your user experience (e.g., by making it easier for you to view information about your account, sending you push notifications, and providing you with personalized content and services that may be of interest to you, develop and improve the features, algorithms, and service), we may automatically collect information about your language, gender, clicks and actions, program progress (including login status, interaction information/status, achievement information, etc.), application token, network information (e.g., IP address), device data (including IMEI, IDFA, and other device identifiers, country/region, device model, operating system, screen resolution, anonymous user identifier), approximate geographic location, etc., calculate aggregate statistics number thereof, and analyze such data.
Maintaining Functionality, Stability and Security
. In order to maintain the functionality, stability and security of DramaWave and your account, we will automatically collect data related to the operation of the mobile application and your online operations, such as application versions, program progress, clicks and actions, device data (e.g., IMEI, IDFA, and other device identifiers, operating system), network information (e.g., IP address), etc. when you are using DramaWave.
C. The Personal Data provided by third parties
Third-Party Login.
To make it easier to use DramaWave applications, you may also choose to register and login within DramaWave through your account on a third-party platform (e.g., Google, Meta). In such cases, we may collect your nickname, avatar/portrait, email address, and third party user identifier and third party token, and by logging in through these third-party accounts, you are consenting to the third-party providing us with the Personal Data concerned. We may also use the contact information (e.g., email address) provided by the third-party platforms to conduct user survey or to send marketing communications to you. Where required by applicable laws and regulations, we will obtain your consent before sending you marketing messages. If you are not interested in such information, you may refuse or opt out at any time.
If you provide us with any Personal Data of any data subjects other than yourself, please bring this Privacy Policy to their attention. You hereby acknowledge that you have obtained their consent or completed other formality as required by other lawful bases for the Personal Data processing in lieu of consent before providing such Personal Data to us. By submitting such information to us, you represent to us that you are entitled to provide and we are entitled to process the relevant Personal Data for the purposes as stated in the Privacy Policy.
In general, we will use your Personal Data only for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy or for purposes that we explain to you at the time we collect the relevant Personal Data. However, we may also process Personal Data for other purposes that are not incompatible with the purposes that we have disclosed to you if and where it is permitted by applicable laws and regulations. If we do so, we will inform you separately by other means to ensure transparency.
2. How do we use cookies and similar technologies
Like many online services, we use cookies and similar technologies to verify log-in information, operate and provide our Services, analyze, and improve user experience. Cookies are usually small text files that are stored on your device's browser directory or program data subfolders for different periods of time. Some cookies are “session cookies”, meaning that they exist only while your browser or the application is open, and will be deleted automatically once you close your browse or application; other coolies are “permanent cookies”, which survive after your browser or application is closed, and can be used by the Service to recognize your device when you open and use the Service again. Cookies allow DramaWave to access or store information from your application about you, your settings or your device.
As a rule, cookies do not contain any information that could identify you directly. They do, however, make it possible to offer you a more personalized user experience. You have the right to choose whether or not to accept cookie., Most devices and browsers are initially set up to accept cookies but offer settings to modify cookie preferences. If you do not accept these cookies, you may not be able to use the full functions of DramaWave. For example, we use first-party cookies to save your login information for future logins to our service. Such cookies are strictly necessary for the normal operation of DramaWave. You can find out more about cookies on
allaboutcookies.org
.
3. How do we process minors' Personal Data
DramaWave is not directed to any minors under the age of 18. If we become aware that any Personal Data has been collected by DramaWave from a user under the age of 18 without the consent from the guardian, we will delete such Personal Data and terminate the user's account. If you believe that we have collected Personal Data from a minor under the age of 18, please contact us
by using the contact details provided in the “How to contact us” section below.
If you are a parent or legal guardian of a minor, please ensure that you have read this Privacy Policy and are responsible for your child's activities before allowing your child to create his or her own DramaWave account and use the application. You are suggested to pay close attention to your child's use of DramaWave and to ensure that your child only uses age-appropriate functions.
We recognize that we have a special obligation to protect minors with respect to the collection and processing of Personal Data. We also strongly recommend that parents and guardians educate their children to never disclose or provide any Personal Data about them without your prior permission when using our services. If you have questions on how we process minors’ Personal Data, please contact us using the contact details provided in “How to contact us”.
4. How do we share and entrust the processing of your Personal Data
In order to provide you with better services, we may engage third parties (such as those who assist us in providing services related to DramaWave, e.g., cloud service providers, payment service providers) to process your Personal Data on our behalf. We will enter into strict confidentiality contractual terms with such third parties and require them to process Personal Data in accordance with our requirements, this Privacy Policy, and the confidentiality and security measures required by applicable laws and regulations.
We may share your Personal Data with third parties in the following circumstances:
To allow your registering and log in to DramaWave using your social network account details (e.g., Facebook/Meta, Google), you will provide us or allow your social network to provide us with your email address and we will likewise share certain information with the relevant social network such as your device data including device identifiers, user name, email address, and network information in this regard.
We provide information and content to service providers who support our business, such as cloud service providers, payment service providers, and analytics providers to ensure that DramaWave is a safe and enjoyable place and service providers that assist us in marketing the platform. We may use analysis service such as Firebase and AppsFlyer to collect and share with them the device identifier, and the information about the use of our services such as how often users visit the services, what activities they do, when they visit the services, and what are the locations.
We may share your information with advertisers and third-party measurement companies to show how many and which users have viewed or clicked on an advertisement, or to display personalised advertisements to you.
We may allow third-party ad servers or ad networks to serve advertisements within the platform. These third parties may use technologies like cookies, JavaScript, or web beacons to deliver ads directly to you and to personalize the advertising content you see. When this happens, they automatically receive your IP address to measure ad effectiveness or deliver tailored content. We do not share any personally identifiable information with these third-party ad servers or networks without your explicit consent, except as part of specific programs or features that offer opt-in or opt-out options. We recommend reviewing the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers or networks to understand their practices and learn how to opt out of certain activities. DramaWave Privacy Policy does not cover and cannot govern the actions of these advertisers or external websites. Any data shared with DramaWave by third-party ad servers will be managed according to this Privacy Policy.
We may also share your information with other members, subsidiaries, or affiliates of our corporate group, including to provide, improve and optimise the service of DramaWave, to prevent illegal use and to support users.
To detect, prevent or otherwise address security or fraud issues, we may provide your registration information (i.e. your email, cell phone number or the social media token you used to log in the app）, your country/region as selected, and the IP address you last login to the applicable third-party payment service providers during such transactions and payments.
In the event we use information such as user-generated content and video content on our Platform as part of our advertising and marketing campaigns to promote the Platform, your personal data contained in such information may be disclosed to the recipients of such advertising or marketing content.
In the event of any change, merger, acquisition, reorganization, or liquidation involving the transfer of Personal Data, we will ask the new company or organization handling your Personal Data to continue to process your Personal Data in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If the new company or organization handling your Personal Data needs to use your Personal Data for purposes not stated in this Privacy Policy, the new company or organization will obtain your consent, unless otherwise provided by the applicable laws and regulations.
To relevant competent law enforcement body, regulatory, government agency, court or other third parties where we believe that such disclosure is to (1) comply with an applicable law or regulation; (2) exercise, establish or defend our legal rights; or (3) protect your vital interests or those of any other persons.
5. How do we protect your Personal Data
We use appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect your Personal Data that we collect and process. The measures that we use are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing your Personal Data.
For example, we adopt encryption at rest to secure all user data (including database files and backups) and use security keys for data management. We adopt encryption in transit through TLS 1.2 protocols to protect data flow in the public network environment from user devices to servers and from servers to servers. We will also ensure the effective implementation of these technical measures through code review mechanisms. In addition, we periodically test the applications and systems for vulnerabilities and security issues, and take access control measures such as access tokens and multi-factor authentication to ensure information security.
Please be aware and understand that we cannot ensure an absolutely secure Internet. If you find that your Personal Data is breached, please contact us using the contact details provided in “How to contact us” immediately so that we can take the corresponding measures.
In the event of any accident, force majeure event or other circumstances leading to the breach of your Personal Data, we will make every effort to control the situation and promptly inform you of the cause, the security measures we have taken and you can take and other relevant information. In the event of a security incident related to Personal Data, we will report such incident to the competent authorities in accordance with the requirements of applicable laws and regulations, promptly investigate the problem, and take the emergency measures.
6. How do we store your Personal Data
Cross-border Transfer
We deploy local servers in several countries around the world. For the need of our global operation and security management, your Personal Data may be transferred to and processed in other jurisdictions where our affiliated entities are based in, which may be different from the jurisdiction you locate. Such jurisdictions may not provide the same level of data protection as your jurisdiction. Under such circumstances, we will take necessary and appropriate safeguards to ensure the security of your Personal Data in transit and require that the recipient of your Personal Data offers an adequate level of protection and security in accordance with this Privacy Policy and applicable laws and regulations.
Retention Period
We will store your Personal Data to the extent as necessary for the proper business needs of our company (e.g., for the purposes of providing service to you and complying with the requirements of laws, tax and finance), except as provided otherwise by applicable laws or regulations. When there is no such need to use your Personal Data or the retention period expires according to applicable laws or regulations, we will delete or anonymize your Personal Data.
7. Your rights
We value the protection of your Personal Data. If you want to access, correct, or delete your Personal Data, or if you want to refuse marketing messages, file a complaint, withdraw consent, or exercise other rights under applicable laws and regulations, please do so as described below or contact us
using the contact details provided in “How to contact us”.
Access your Personal Data
You have the right to access the Personal Data that we collect about you. For Personal Data such as nickname, avatar, email address, and other information that you voluntarily provide to us, you can view them in your personal profile (Setting page) within DramaWave; for Personal Data that you provide and generate while using DramaWave (e.g., watch history, etc.) as well as Personal Data that third parties provide to us (e.g., third-party platform account information, payment information, etc.), you can access them within the corresponding functions of DramaWave. You also have the right to request a copy of your Personal Data from us, by contacting us using the contact details provided in the “How to contact us” section below.
Correct your Personal Data
We will endeavor to ensure that your Personal Data is accurate and up-to-date by implementing appropriate measures. If your Personal Data is inaccurate or incomplete, you have the right to correct such Personal Data. For Personal Data such as nickname, avatar, and other information that you voluntarily provide to us, you can correct them within your personal profile (Setting page) within DramaWave; for Personal Data that you provide and generate while using DramaWave (e.g., watch history, etc.) and Personal Data that third parties provide to us (e.g., third-party platform account information, payment information, etc.), if you think such Personal Data needs to be corrected, you can contact us using the contact details provided in the “How to contact us” section below. Please note that for Personal Data provided by third parties, we may not be able to keep the information up-to-date and you may need to contact the third-party for correction.
Delete your Personal Data
You may delete your Personal Data provided by you in the Profile, if you want to delete all your Personal Data associated with your DramaWave account, you can do this on the Setting page (Profile-Setting-Delete account) within DramaWave. Please note that after you submit a request to delete your account, you will no longer be able to use DramaWave, so please decide carefully. In addition, we will also voluntarily delete your Personal Data after the expiration of the retention period of the Personal Data when the purposes of processing in the first part of this Privacy Policy no longer exist.
If we terminate our services or operations, we will notify you at least thirty (30) days in advance and will delete or anonymize your Personal Data after termination of services or operations.
Right to opt-out marketing
You can exercise this right by clicking on the “unsubscribe” or “opt-out” option (or other similar option or link) in the marketing messages we send you.
Right to file a complaint
You have the right to file a complaint with the data protection authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority. Before you file a complaint, we also sincerely hope that you will first provide us with your comments and we will endeavor to answer your questions and protect your rights.
Right to withdraw consent
If we process your Personal Data based on your consent, you may withdraw your consent at any time. Please note that withdrawal of your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we have carried out prior to your withdrawal of consent, nor will it affect the lawfulness of our processing of your Personal Data based on a lawful basis other than your consent.
Other rights under applicable laws and regulations
If you want to exercise your other statutory data subject rights under applicable laws and regulations, you may contact us using the contact details provided in the “How to contact us” section below.
Identity verification and responding to your requests
In order to protect the security of your information, we may need to verify your identity before responding to your requests to exercise your rights, for example, by requiring you to provide certain identity-related supporting information. We will respond to your request to exercise your data subject rights in accordance with the requirements under applicable laws and regulations and in a timely manner.
8. Special notice to California residents
If you are a California resident, this section provides a special notice and applies to you. For California residents, Personal Data in this section is equivalent to “Personal Data” that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household.
California Shine the Light Law:
California residents may request a list of all third parties to which we have disclosed certain Personal Data about you for marketing purposes. You may make one request per calendar year. In your request, please attest to the fact that you are a California resident and provide a current California address for your response. You may request this information by contacting us using the contact details provided in the “How to contact us” section below. Please allow up to thirty (30) days for a response.
California Minors:
If you are a California resident under the age of 18 and you are unable to remove publicly-available information that you have submitted to DramaWave, you may request removal by contacting DramaWave using the contact details provided in the “How to contact us” section below. When requesting removal, you must be specific about the information you want to be removed and provide DramaWave with specific information, such as the URL for each page where the information is located, so that we can find it. DramaWave is not required to remove any information where: (i) federal or state law requires us or a third party to maintain the information; (ii) the information was not posted by you; (iii) the information has been anonymized by DramaWave so that you cannot be identified from such information; (iv) you don't follow our instructions for removing or requesting removal; or (v) you received compensation or other consideration for providing the information.
Removal of your information from the services does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of that information from our systems or the systems of our service providers
.
In addition, materials that you have posted may be republished or reposted by another user or third party.
Please note, DramaWave is not required to destroy the information; DramaWave's obligations under California law are satisfied so long as we anonymize the information or render it invisible to other users and the public.
Do Not Sell My Personal Data
: Where applicable, the California Consumer Privacy Act (“
CCPA
”) provides you with the right to opt out of the “sale” of your Personal Data. We generally do not directly sell your Personal Data in the conventional sense (i.e., for monetary or other valuable consideration). Like many social and entertainment mobile applications, however, we use services that help deliver interest-based ads to you and may transfer Personal Data to business partners for their use. Making Personal Data (such as online identifiers or browsing activity) available to these companies may be considered a “sale” under the CCPA. To request that DramaWave may not “sell” your Personal Data, please contact us using the contact details provided in the “How to contact us” section below. Please note, some transfers of your Personal Data may not be considered “sales” and certain exemptions may apply under the CCPA, such as sharing aggregated demographic and interest data of users. Your selection does not affect other sharing of your data, as outlined in this Privacy Policy. You may still see some advertising, regardless of your selection.
Do Not Track
: At this time, we are not aware of worldwide uniform or consistent industry standard or definition for responding to, processing, or communicating Do Not Track signals. Accordingly, our services may be unable to respond to “Do Not Track” requests from browsers. In addition, when you use our services, we and third parties may use tracking technologies to collect your Personal Data about your online activities for a variety of purposes, including serving you advertising and personalized content. If you want to opt out of having your online activity and device data collected by third parties, there are a number of tools and methods that any user may use. For example, your mobile device settings may provide functionality to limit use of the advertising ID associated with your mobile device for interest-based advertising purposes. Please note that using these tools to opt out of tracking and targeting does not mean that you will not receive advertising while using DramaWave, nor will it prevent the receipt of interest-based advertising from third parties. It will exclude you, however, from interest-based advertising conducted through relevant networks and platforms, as provided by their policies and choice mechanisms.
Additional Information:
If you choose to exercise any of your rights under the CCPA, you have the right to not receive discriminatory treatment by us. To the extent permitted by applicable laws and regulations, we may charge a reasonable fee to comply with your request.
9. How do we update this Privacy Policy
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time in response to the changing legal, technical or business developments. When we update our Privacy Policy, we will take appropriate measures to inform you, depending on the significance of the changes we make. You can see when this Privacy Policy came into effect by checking the “Effective Date” displayed at the top of this Privacy Policy. If you continue to use any functions of DramaWave, you are deemed to have read and understood the updated version of the Privacy Policy.
10. How to contact us
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or our processing of your Personal Data, especially if you consider that our processing your Personal Data impairs your legitimate interests, please contact us using the contact details below. We will review your question without delay and make a timely reply according to the applicable laws and regulations. Our contact details are as follows:
Email:
dramawaveteam@gmail.com
11. Governing law and dispute solution
This Privacy Policy is governed by the internal substantive laws of Singapore, without respect to its conflict of law provisions. Any dispute arising out of or in connection with the Privacy Policy, including any question regarding existence, validity or termination of the Privacy Policy , shall be referred to and finally resolved by arbitration administered by Singapore International Arbitration Centre (“SIAC”) in accordance with the Arbitration Rules of SIAC (“SIAC Rules”) for the time being in force, which rules are deemed to be incorporated by reference in this clause. The seat of the arbitration shall be in Singapore. The Tribunal shall consist of three (3) arbitrators. The language of the arbitration shall be English.