This website stores cookies on your computer. These cookies are used to collect information about how you interact with our website and allow us to remember you. We use this information in order to improve and customize your browsing experience and for analytics and metrics about our visitors both on this website and other media. To find out more about the cookies we use, see our Privacy Policy
If you decline, your information won’t be tracked when you visit this website. A single cookie will be used in your browser to remember your preference not to be tracked.
Accept
Decline cookies
Switch to LegitFit
Features
Class & Appointment Scheduling
Bookings, drag-and-drop timetables, notifications, waiting lists, and block bookings
Analytics & Reporting
Business reports, client performance insights, attendance tracking, and detailed analytics.
Client Communications
Community Feed, Message Hub, push notifications, and automated messaging.
Memberships Management
Flexible packages, auto-renew memberships, roaming options, and recurring plans.
Team Management
Staff performance tracking, flexible payroll, and trainer management tools.
App Integrations
Connect with ClassPass, GoHighLevel, Zapier, Turnstiles, Stripe, and more.
Integrated Payments
Real-time payment tracking, online and offline processing, custom fees, and discounts.
Member & Client Management
Monitor client progress, automate messages, and track goals and attendance.
Most popular
Exercise Programming
Branded App & Emails
Community
Customer Stories
Don’t find what you’re looking for?
Talk to sales
Businesses
Gyms
Yoga
Multi Locations
SGPT & PT
Pilates
Leisure Centres
Crossfit
Studios
Don’t find what you’re looking for?
Talk to sales
Pricing
Tools
Savings calculator
Blog
LegitFit Sessions
Support centre
Latest updates
Fitness
Tools and techniques to keep fitness clients motivated and coming back
Fitness
How your fitness businesses can make the most of Pancake Tuesday
Support
Log in
Get demo & pricing
Log in
Get demo & pricing
Terms Of Service
Legit Fit Ltd - Data Protection Policy (May 2018)
1.1 In the course of undertaking its business activities, Legit Fit collects, receives and processes information a) about its customers, being individuals who use the services of Legit Fit as a professional business hub (“Customers”) and b) about the customers and clients of its Customers (“Consumers”) who, through the Customers, link into and use the Legit Fit’s platforms and software functionality as part of the services that the Customers provide to their own Consumers. Legit Fit is legally responsible for ensuring that this information ("personal data") is held and processed in accordance with the law and with individuals' rights.
1.2 This Policy sets out how Legit Fit complies with the key rules governing the use of such data, including the requirements of the General Data Protection Regulation 2018 ("GDPR"). For the purposes of this Policy, "Data Protection Legislation" shall be taken to mean GDPR and any UK law concerning the protection of personal data, including any legislation which supplements or replaces GDPR and the Data Protection Act 1998 and laws relating to E-Privacy. In preparing this Policy, Legit Fit has taken into account guidance available at the time from the Information Commissioner's Office (“ICO”) and has taken advice. 1.3 Words and phrases, such as "data controller" and "data processor" as used in this Policy shall have the meanings given to them in GDPR.
1.3 Legit Fit believes it is principally a "data processor" for personal data it holds and, with its Customers agreement, is required to hold that data for the Customer’s purposes. It also processes data of Consumers through their registration to the Customer and enables access to Legit Fit’s services. However, Legit Fit can also collect and hold such personal data itself, at which time it would be a "data controller".
1.4 Legit Fit also processes the personal data of employees or appointed agents or consultants to Legit Fit who in effect work as part of Legit Fit and the term "employee" will be used to refer to such persons.
1.5 This Policy does not document every part of GDPR which may be relevant, but focuses on the key parts applicable to Legit Fit and its aim is to make Legit Fit compliant and to eliminate so far as is reasonably possible potential Data Protection Legislation breaches by Legit Fit and any harm or loss to Customers, Consumers or the employees of Legit Fit.
1.6 Legit Fit may review and amend this policy from time to time as it thinks fit, and will review it on at least an annual basis.
2. Data protection principles
Under Data Protection Legislation, Legit Fit is responsible for ensuring that personal data is held and processed in accordance with the data protection principles within the Data Protection Legislation. In summary, these principles are that personal data:
(a) should be processed lawfully, fairly and in a transparent manner;
(b) should be collected for specified, explicit and legitimate purposes, and must be processed in accordance with those purposes;
(c) should be adequate, relevant and limited to what is actually necessary for the legitimate purpose for which it is collected;
(d) must be accurate and kept up to date;
(e) will be stored for no longer than is necessary and in a form that permits identification of data subjects;
(f) must be processed in a lawful manner; and
(g) shall be subject to appropriate security and safety measures.
For the purposes of GDPR, "processing" includes collecting and storing personal data.
3. Lawfulness of processing and obtaining consent
3.1 When processing personal data, under Article 6 GDPR, Legit Fit may only process where one or more lawful grounds apply.
3.2 Having considered GDPR and the business activities of Legit Fit, Legit Fit has concluded that its processing of personal data in undertaking its business activities is lawful on the following GDPR grounds:
(a) the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data subject, being either a Customer or a Consumer, is party or will be (see Article 6(1)(b) GDPR). Legit Fit’s ‘Subscription Agreement’ is its direct contract created online with a Customer allowing the Customer to provide services to its Consumers; the Customer’s contract with a Consumer which contractually provides Consumers access to and use of Legit Fit’s platforms, software and services, is the contract to which the Consumer as a data subject is party.
(b) the processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests (for the purposes of Article 6(1(f) GDPR) pursued by Legit Fit as instructed by its Customers on agreed terms in providing its services to Customers (and allowing the Consumers direct access to Legit Fit’s platforms and software) to help the Customers provide their own services to the Consumers. Providing such services for clients would not be possible without Legit Fit controlling and processing the Customer’s and the Consumer’s personal data, reviewing and evaluating the information to assist the Consumer in receiving the fitness and training services of Legit Fit. Clients clearly benefit from Legit Fit’s services and assistance in relation to which they have used Legit Fit; and
(c) separately, Legit Fit processes employee’s personal data for the purposes of their salaries, bonuses, pensions and their employment records generally.
3.3 As a result, Legit Fit’s management has reasonably concluded that the legal basis for it processing personal data will be individual consent, except where this is otherwise necessary (see section 3.4 below) and that such consent is given by:
(a) the Customer executing the Subscription Agreement in which Data Protection Legislation binding provisions and safeguards will be agreed; and
(b) the Consumer:
(i) executing its agreement in whatever form with the customer in which Legit Fit will require the Customer to obtain the positive consent of the Consumer to allow Legit Fit to hold and process the Consumer’s personal; data; and/or
(ii) when first accessing Legit Fit’s online website and services and signing up as a registered user, the Consumer giving a positive consent to Legit Fit holding and using their personal data for the specific reasons concerned.
3.4 As it is possible that Consumers may submit to Legit Fit certain special categories of personal data and in particular medical records or histories, then Legit Fit recognises the need to obtain such explicit consent to the processing of that type of personal data for the purposes of Article 9 GDPR as described in paragraph 3.3(b)(ii) above.
4. Record keeping
4.1 Legit Fit is required to maintain a record of its processing of personal data activities containing specified information (see Article 30 GDPR). To enable Legit Fit to comply with this requirement it will:
(a) ascertain what personal data is held by Legit Fit and which employees may have access to it or involvement (for the purposes of providing Legit Fit’s services to the Customer and the Consumer);
(b) analyse what personal data may be transferred on by Legit Fit or processed for Legit Fit by a third party, for what reason and identifying such person or organisation ("Data Processors");
(c) have each Data Processor comply with the GDPR provisions in respect of a data processor as regards (among other things), the categories of processing carried out for Legit Fit; what procedures are in place to test and maintain accuracy of the personal data; and whether the personal data controlled or processed by the Data Processor is (or may be) transferred to a third-party processor or transferred outside the European Economic Area.
5. Retention of data
5.1 Legit Fit recognises that personal data should not be held longer than is necessary. In general terms, very little physical hard copy personal data is held at all, and if so it is for a variety of periods of time depending upon the nature and type of the matter concerned. Such physical information – and thus the hard copy personal data within it - will be kept by Legit Fit for six years and then destroyed as such minimum period of time is required from tax and regulatory rules, guidance, codes and good industry practice, in addition to the fact that six years is often the limitation period in relation to claims. Legit Fit’s public liability insurers also require it.
5.2 As regards personal data in electronic digital form, the same principles apply. Digital personal data is securely encrypted and password-protected using one of the leading tailored IT software systems and Legit Fit will keep abreast of technological developments.
6. Privacy notices
6.1 Legit Fit will ensure that all Customers receive, in their Subscription Agreement with Legit Fit, full notice and details under Article 14 GDPR containing information about how the Customer’s personal data (and that of the Consumers) will be used. It will also contain a tick box under which they give Legit Fit consent to use their personal data to send them Legit Fit’s marketing and promotional information.
6.2 Legit Fit will ensure that the terms of the Subscription Agreement will also contain clear instructions to the Customers that their specific contracts with their Consumers shall contain suitable, adequate and appropriate express positive consent being given by the Consumer at sign up/registration stage to their personal data (and any special data) being passed to, held and processed by Legit Fit as the platform and service provider for the Customer, such details being sufficient under Article 14.
6.3 For further compliance, Legit Fit will, at the initial registration of a Consumer to use Legit Fit’s platform, software and services through the benefit of their contract with the Customer, obtain a clear positive consent of that Consumer allowing and agreeing to Legit Fit’s collection, use and processing of such personal data for the specific purposes which will be indicated (and any special personal data being so collected will have its own separate clear description as to purpose, how it is held and for how long.
6.4 Legit Fit engages third party PR and marketing agencies to promote Legit Fit, including through printed matter and by email sent to individuals. Legit Fit is aware of the individual’s consent, whether Customer, Consumer or otherwise, that it needs to do this. All such recipient databases containing those individuals who have consented to receiving such information will be held by the third-party agency and in addition any emails sent out will include the appropriate notices concerning continuing consent.
6.5 Legit Fit does not intend to sell or pass to a third party any personal data for the purposes of that third party’s advertising to individuals.
6.6 The information in the Subscription Agreement and registration with Legit Fit’s platforms will include, amongst other things:
(a) Legit Fit’s details (as a data controller and processor);
(b) details of the purposes for which Legit Fit holds and processes personal data and the legal basis for that processing (as set out in section 3 above);
(c) the likely recipients of personal data;
(d) the period of time for which Legit Fit intends to hold the data; and
(e) any supplementary information required by Article 13 GDPR or by other applicable Data Protection Legislation.
6.7 Legit Fit will review this information in its Subscription Agreement and website registration processes annually and will amend it to reflect any changes in Data Protection Legislation or in Legit Fit’s practice.
6.8 Legit Fit will keep this approach under review – including taking into account any guidance produced by ICO and industry standards set by appropriate bodies.
6.9 This Policy will be available upon request to all and placed on the Legit Fit website and platform.
6.10 Collecting and Using Your Personal Data
While using Our Service, We may ask You to provide Us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify You. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
‍
- Email address
- First name and last name
- Phone number
- Address, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, City
- Profile image
The Company may use Personal Data for the following purposes:
‍
-
To manage Your Account:
to manage Your registration as a user of the Service. The Personal Data You provide can give You access to different functionalities of the Service that are available to You as a registered user.
-
To contact You:
To contact You by email, telephone calls, SMS, or other equivalent forms of electronic communication, such as a mobile application’s push notifications regarding updates or informative communications related to the functionalities, products or contracted services, including the security updates, when necessary or reasonable for their implementation.
-
To manage Your requests:
To attend and manage Your requests to Us.
-
To allow connected users to identify You:
To allow other accounts you have connected with as a professional, client or staff member to identify you among other users.
7. Rights of Individuals
7.1 Data subject access requests
(a) Individuals are entitled to access their personal data held by Legit Fit on request (Article 15 GDPR). The response Legit Fit gives to a data subject access request must also include certain other information, such as the purposes of the processing; the recipients (or categories of recipient) to whom the personal data has or will be disclosed; and individuals’ rights to have their data corrected, deleted or to restrict the processing of their data.
(b) Legit Fit has noted that, under GDPR, the information must be provided to individuals free of charge and within one month of the request.
(c) Legit Fit will maintain a record of data subject access requests.
7.2 Right to be forgotten
(a) Under GDPR, individuals have the general right to require Legit Fit to erase all data held in respect of them in various circumstances (Article 17 GDPR). The circumstances include if the individual withdraws consent to processing the data, the retention no longer being necessary for the original purpose for which it was collected and there is no other legitimate ground to justify the processing (see section 3 above). However, Legit Fit need not delete the data if an exception applies, including that the processing is necessary to comply with a legal obligation.
(b) Legit Fit considers it unlikely that any individual will seek to exercise this right and has decided to review any request, and take advice, should the situation arise. However, the starting assumptions will be i) is the data is still necessary to be retained for the applying period with regard to the legitimate reason exception as described (and for the reasons given) above; and ii) for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims in the future, whether by or against Legit Fit.
7.3 Right to rectification
(a) Individuals have the right to have incorrect personal data about them corrected without undue delay (Article 16 GDPR). Legit Fit endeavours to have its data as up to date and correct as possible and to comply with the expectations of the ICO. Where an error is discovered, Legit Fit already corrects this as soon as possible.
7.4 Right to data portability
(Individuals have the right, in certain circumstances, to access their data in machine-readable format and, where technically possible, to have their data transferred directly from Legit Fit to another data controller (Article 20 GDPR). Legit Fit has decided to take no action in relation to data portability at the current time but will monitor the situation and take advice should this become necessary in future.
8. System Security Measures
8.1 System perimeter security will be secured using an advanced Firewall device setup to prevent non-essential assess via port access restrictions. All data is stored on secure servers provided by AWS (Amazon Web Services) – please refer to
https://aws.amazon
.com/security/. The Firewall provides an Intrusion Prevention System, logging all activity.
8.2 Legit Fit will have up to date device and server security. Endpoint devices are protected with TLS 1.2 (SHA256) protocol security software which includes protection for the following:
(a) data controls - prevents the flow of sensitive data outbound;
(b) device controls – prevents access to ROMS, USB and Wi-Fi;
(c) anti-virus – protects the device from malicious content and files types including Malware, Phishing and Viruses;
(d) web controls – prevents access to websites classified as potentially dangerous and/or offensive; and
(e) ‘Windows’ updates – device operating systems (i.e. ‘Windows’) will be kept patched up to date using the ‘Windows Update Service’.
8.3 User access to Legit Fit’s systems will be controlled with a best practice “strong” password policy, which includes password complexity and renewal period rules. Access to application software will be controlled with two factor authentication rules.
8.4 Legit Fit will use G-Suite, supplied and provided by Google (please refer to https://gsuite.google.
co.uk
/intl/en_uk/security/?secure-by-design_activeEl=data-centers)Email Security’ which gives extensive email security measures. These include:
(a) targeted threat protection – sandbox for both email attachments and URLs within emails providing additional protection from Ransomware style attacks and other types of malicious threats;
(b) attachment management – this prevents the flow of dangerous file types and
(c) anti-virus, phishing, malware and spoofing emails are trapped at the gateway before reaching endpoint devices; and
(d) strong anti-spam protection following rules based policies.
9. Data security by Employees
9.1 The employees all have responsibility to ensure that in performing their duties they do not endanger the safety and security of personal data Legit Fit holds and processes and at all times act in an appropriate manner concerning the Data Protection Legislation generally and their individual obligations.
9.2 Legit Fit gives all employees a Privacy Notice which covers not only the Privacy Notice required by GDPR Article 14 as regards Legit Fit’s use of their own personal data, but also the obligations of Legit Fit which they must uphold and adhere to. A ‘Do’s and Don’ts’ list is also given to employees. All employees must be aware and cognisant of personal data security and confidence and this will be reinforced by training.
9.3 All Legit Fit employees will undertake mandatory formal training on data protection (and other issues) at suitable intervals and other training as Legit Fit considers appropriate.
9.4 Legit Fit will undertake Data Protection Impact Assessments (as defined in GDPR) (“DPIA”) as and when appropriate.
10. Use of Data Processors
10.1 Legit Fit shall ensure that it has a written contract which meets the requirements of GDPR in place with each data processor to which it may pass personal data to be processed. In particular, Legit Fit will expect each data processor to guarantee that it will meet the requirements of GDPR and will protect clients’ and other individuals’ rights.
10.2 Before engaging a new data processor, Legit Fit will check that:
(a) the geography and location of the data processor and where the personal data will be processed;
(b) the data processor has appropriate technical and organisational measures in place to keep personal data secure; and
(c) the data processor's staff who will be engaged in processing personal data in relation to the Scheme are subject to a duty of confidentiality and are aware of data protection matters and their obligations.
10.3 Legit Fit will seek appropriate assurances from each data processor as to the security arrangements it has in place. This may take the form of:
(a) for an existing data processor, a short summary of its key data security measures;
(b) for a new data processor, before entering into a new contract, a short statement of its key data security measures; and
(c) subsequent confirmation from each continuing data processor every 36 months of what, if any, changes there have been to its security arrangements.
10.4 Legit Fit recognises that its data processors may wish to sub-contract some services, which may include sub-contractors processing data on behalf of the data processor. Legit Fit will ensure that its contract with a data processor wishing to do this will contain provisions concerning sub-contracting which meet the requirements of GDPR.
11. Data security breaches
11.1 Legit Fit takes seriously the need to deal with any data breach swiftly and appropriately to minimise or eliminate risk of detrimental impact on any data subjects. For this purpose, a data breach may include (but is not limited to) unauthorised disclosure of or access to personal data; or accidental or unlawful destruction of personal data; or loss or alteration of personal data.
11.2 Legit Fit shall require its employees and its data processors to report data breaches or complaints to Legit Fit’s Data Protection Officer promptly and to assist Legit Fit in ensuring compliance with the requirements of GDPR.
11.3 On being notified of a data breach or complaint, the Legit Fit Data Protection Officer will as soon possible notify Legit Fit’s senior management and Legit Fit shall initially deal with it through the process outlined in Legit Fit’s GPDR Complaints Policy.
11.4 Notwithstanding the initialisation of the procedure outlined in Legit Fit’s GDPR Complaints Policy, in any event where a data breach has occurred, Legit Fit shall consider whether it is necessary or appropriate to notify the Information Commissioner's Office ("ICO") or the affected individual in the event of a data breach, and will take professional advice as a matter of urgency where required.
11.5 Legit Fit will maintain a record of any data breaches and complaints and action taken in relation to each breach and complaint in inventory form.
11.6 Legit Fit will act reasonably in assisting data controllers of information it holds and its appointed sub-processors in investigating and resolving any breaches of this Policy or GDPR generally and will review, update and amend this Policy (and others) in the light and context of any breaches or issues arising.
12. Data Protection Officer and Data Protection Impact Assessments
12.1 Legit Fit has considered the sections under Data Protection Legislation to appoint a data protection officer ("DPO") or to carry out a data protection impact assessment ("DPIA") in certain circumstances.
12.2 Legit Fit, having considered the possibility of appointing a Data Protection Officer as described in GPDR, has concluded that it is required to appoint a DPO.
12.3 Under GDPR, organisations are required to undertake a DPIA "where a type of processing in particular using new technologies, and taking into account the nature, scope, context and purposes of the processing, is likely to result in a high risk to the rights and freedoms of natural persons."
12.4 Legit Fit does not believe that at the present time the nature of its processing (which - as set out in section 3 above - is fundamentally to provide a central database and hub for service users of its Consumers as required by its Subscription Agreement obligations is such that there is likely to be a high risk to the rights and freedoms of individuals and it has concluded that it is not necessary for it to undertake any DPIAs at the present time.
13. Policy Statement
The Data Protection Act 1998, its anticipated successor and the General Data Protection Regulations 2018 (“GDPR Laws”) do not specify specific periods for data retention, deletion or destruction. The policy of data retention under the Data Retention (EC Directive) Regulations 2009 applies to a wide range of sources. This Legit Fit Data Retention & Destruction Policy will define how Legit Fit stores, retains, archives, retrieves and disposes of personal data (as defined in the GDPR Laws) that is receives, holds, uses and processes as it performs its services for consumers and those registered to use Legit Fit services on its website at legitfit.com.
Inappropriate retention of such personal data may lead to a breach of contract as well as a breach of legislation leading to potential financial or reputational loss. Should Legit Fit be subject to unexpected events such as business continuity issues or litigation there may be occasions where it needs to have access to the original personal data to protect its interests and those of its direct counterparties and other consumers who by agreement can use Legit Fit’s website services.
14. Responsibilities
The DP Laws aim to reduce the time that personal data is held by entities after the original consented purpose of it being held or processed has finished. Legit Fit has considered the nature of the data it holds, the services it provides, the methods and reasons for clients and its and their individual consumers giving their consent to Legit Fit and how such consented purposes ceases alongside the justified general legal (contract and tortious) and practical need to retain it. The conclusions of Legit Fit and its working policy is shown in the table in Section 3 below.
Directors and senior management of Legit Fit will ensure all employees are aware of this Data Retention & Destruction Policy and of the personal data retention periods as stated in this Policy. All personal data that is no longer required or used in accordance with the consent of the data subject (as defined in the DP Laws) will be destroyed in accordance with this Data Retention & Destruction Policy. Any personal data held in hard copy will be stored in locked cabinets or offsite in a secure location until that time.
It is incumbent upon all Legit Fit staff to ensure accurate records are maintained electronically to match any hard copy records held within Legit Fit and that the location of the file is recorded.
15. Retention/Destruction Periods
Personal data will, so far as technologically possible at the time be deleted/redacted or otherwise destroyed as soon as reasonably practicable after the said retention period. This Data Retention and Destruction Policy comes into force on 25 May 2018 and will be reviewed annually to by the Legit Fit Data Protection Officer ensure it remains fit for purpose. May 2018
This Version 1.1 of this Policy was adopted by the directors of Legit Fit Limited on 23 May 2018.
16. Charges And Payments
16.1 The Subscriber shall pay the Subscription Fees and / or Support fees to the Supplier on a monthly or annual basis in accordance with the payment plans available legitfit.com/pricing
16.2 The Subscriber shall on the Effective Date provide to the Supplier valid, up- to-date and complete credit or debit card or bank account details or approved purchase order information acceptable to the Supplier and any other relevant valid, up-to-date and complete contact and billing details and, if the Subscriber provides its credit or debit card or bank account details to the Supplier, the Subscriber hereby authorises the Supplier to bill such credit or debit card or to debit the Supplier’s bank account in accordance with the payment plan selected by the Subscriber.
16.3 If the Supplier has not received payment within 14 days after any due date, and without prejudice to any other rights and remedies of the Supplier: the Supplier may, without liability to the Subscriber, disable the Subscriber’s password, account and access to all or part of the Services and the Supplier shall be under no obligation to provide any or all of the Services while the invoice(s) concerned remain unpaid; and interest shall accrue on a daily basis on such due amounts at an annual rate equal to 3% over the then current base lending rate of Allied Irish Banks Plc from time to time, commencing on the due date and continuing until fully paid, whether before or after judgment.
16.4 If the Supplier then receives payment for the outstanding Subscription Fees, the Supplier reserves the right to charge a Reconnection Fee commensurate to the Subscriber’s monthly Subscription Fee in the Subscriber’s territory.
16.5 All amounts and fees stated or referred to in this Agreement: Shall be payable in the Subscriber’s local currency; Are non-cancellable and non-refundable; Are exclusive of any taxes, levies or duties required or accessible in the Subscriber’s territory. If the Supplier is legally required to charge and collect any taxes, any relevant sum shall be added to the Supplier’s invoice(s) at the appropriate rate.
16.6 The Supplier shall be entitled to increase the Subscription Fees, at the start of each Renewal Period upon 30 days’ prior notice to the Subscriber.
16.7 The Subscriber must give the Supplier 30 days notice prior to cancellation in order to ensure proper offboarding. Failure to do so will mean the Subscriber must pay the final month's subscription.
16.8 In case the Subscriber needs migration support on moving to another supplier, the Subscriber must pay the Supplier a fee of €250.