1. What's In This Policy?
This policy tells you:
what information we might collect about you
how we might use that information
when we might use your details to contact you
what information of yours we might share with others
your choices about the personal information you give us
This is
Mouth Group's
Privacy Policy for
Mob.co.uk
. This document explains
Mouth Group's
policies for the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information on
Mob.co.uk
. This privacy policy deals with personally-identifiable information (referred to as "data" below) that may be collected by this site.
COLLECTION OF DATA
As on many websites, the site editor may automatically receive general information that is contained in server log files, such as your IP address, and cookie information. Information about how advertising may be served on this site (if it is indeed the site editor's policy to display advertising) is set forth below.
USE OF DATA
Data may be used to customize and improve your user experience on this site. Efforts will be made to prevent your data from being made available to third parties unless
(i) provided for otherwise in this Privacy Policy;
(ii) your consent is obtained, such as when you choose to opt-in or opt-out for the sharing of data;
(iii) a service provided on our site requires interaction with a third party, or is provided by a third party, such as an application service provider; (iv) pursuant to legal action or law enforcement;
(v) it is found that your use of this site violates the site editor's policy, terms of service, or other usage guidelines, or if it is deemed reasonably necessary by the site editor to protect the site editor's legal rights and/or property;
or
(vi) this site is purchased by a third party, in which case that third party will be able to use the data in the same manner as set forth in this policy.
In the event you choose to use links displayed on this website to visit other websites, you are advised to read the privacy policies published on those sites.
Mouth Group
uses third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and would like to know your options in relation to not having this information used by these companies, click
here
.
COOKIES
Like many websites, this website sets and uses cookies to enhance your user experience — to remember your personal settings, for instance. Advertisements may display on this website and, if so, may set and access cookies on your computer; such cookies are subject to the privacy policy of the parties providing the advertisement. However, the parties providing the advertising do not have access to this site's cookies. These parties usually use non-personally-identifiable or anonymous codes to obtain information about your visits to this site.
For more information about this type of online advertising, about cookies, and about how to turn this feature off, please
visit this link
.
Please note that turning off advertising cookies won’t mean that you are not served any advertising, merely that it will not be tailored to your interests.
ADVERTISING
This Site is affiliated with Freestar for the purposes of placing advertising on the Site, and Freestar will collect and use certain data for advertising purposes. To learn more about Freestar's data usage, click here:
Freestar - Privacy Policy
.
2. What Does This Policy Cover?
This policy covers the services that are offered by Mob
What's not covered in this policy?
Our services sometimes link to services run by other companies' services, like opening a track on a recipe page on another music service such as Spotify. We also use Google Analytics, Intercom, MixPanel, Stripe, Algolia, DigitalOcean and Google Tag Manager to help understand our users better. Those companies have their own privacy and cookies policies, so remember that the information you give them will follow their rules and not ours.
We also use various online tools to keep our website running and these may handle your information. For more info please follow the links below:
Craft CMS - Cookies
Postmark - Privacy
Sometimes you can access our services from other places, like an article from another content provider. Make sure to check their privacy policy so you know how they will use your information.
3. How Do You Protect My Personal Information?
We're strongly committed to keeping your information safe. And to do this we design our services with your safety in mind.
At the same time, no service can be completely secure - if you have any concerns that your Mob account or personal information has been put at risk, for example if someone could have found out your password, please get in touch.
Where we store your information:
Some companies that provide services to us run their services from outside the UK and the European Economic Area. We only let that happen if we are satisfied with their levels of security. Keep in mind that when you give us personal information it could be being transferred, stored and processed in a location outside the UK and the EEA.
4. What Types Of Personal Information Does Mob Collect About Me?
We'll give you details about why we need your personal information and how we'll use it before you begin, unless it's obvious.
a. Information that you give us
We ask for your name and contact details, gender, interests and dietary requirements at sign up. We do this so we can better understand our audience and how it engages with our content - which thus allows us to make better content for you.
b. Device information
Devices are lots of things like:
your computer
your mobile
your TV
your tablet
your voice-enabled device
Our use of Google Analytics will automatically collect some technical information from these devices and web browsers even when you're not signed into to your Mob account. This might include:
IP (internet protocol) address
device ID
app ID
vendor ID
advertising ID
5. How Long Will Mob Keep My Personal Information?﻿
we only hold your information for as long as we do the activities we told you about or have a valid reason to keep it
we think about what type of information it is, the amount collected, how sensitive it might be and any legal requirements
6. How Can Mob Use My Personal Information?
We have to have a valid reason to use your personal information. It's called the "lawful basis for processing". Sometimes we might ask your permission to do things, like when you subscribe to an email. Other times, when you'd reasonably expect us to use your personal information, we don't ask your permission, but only when:
the law says it's fine to use it, and
it fits with the rights you have
We might use your information for these types of things:
to deliver our services and to provide you with information about them
to deal with your requests, complaints and enquiries
to personalise services and give you things more tailored to your tastes
to recommend things we think might interest you
to show advertising and content that’s tailored to you
to research and innovate
to build a big picture of our audience, selections of which we may anonymise and pass onto selected third parties or the media in the form of statistics demonstrating trends in usage
to contact you about various things
7. Will I Be Contacted For Marketing Purposes?
If you sign up to the Mob website or Mob+, we may contact you via email. You can unsubscribe from these emails at any time, via the link in the footer of the emails.
Will my personal information be used when Mob advertises with other companies?
If you have a Mob account we might use information that we hold about you to show you relevant and targeted advertising for Mob through other companies’ sites, like Facebook, Google, Snapchat or Twitter for example. This could be showing you a Mob sponsored message where we know you have a Mob account and use our services.
If you don’t want to see our targeted advertising, you can set ad preferences in your social media companies’ settings.
8. When Does Mob Share My Personal Information With Others?
When we use other companies to power our services.
In order for us to give you quality experiences and to understand how you're using our services we often use other companies to process your personal information on our behalf - such as newsletter services like MailChimp. For example, sending you emails about things we think might interest you, to ask you what you think about our services, or to analyse data on how people use our digital services so we can improve them.
We make sure that your personal information is looked after as if we were handling it directly. We carefully select these companies, only share with them what they need to do the work and we make sure they keep your information secure.
When we internally share personal information for the winner of a giveaway.
We might also share your information if we have to by law, or when we need to protect you or other people from harm.
We may also share big picture trends and/or trends in usage in the form of statistics with selected third parties and/or in some cases the media. This does not include sensitive information that you would expect to remain private, and all data is entirely anonymous.
Mob isn’t responsible when you access a Mob service through another company’s services. It’s up to you if you want to access Mob in this way. Sometimes by law we have to pass on your information to other organisations.
9. Can I Delete My Information?
This depends on what information you're talking about.
If you're talking about Mob account you can delete your account. Your account information is immediately deleted. We may keep a record of how you've used our services, but this will be totally anonymous.
10. What Are My Rights?
Remember, you're in control of your personal information.
You have the right to:
request a copy of your information
not let robots make big decisions about you
ask us to correct information that's wrong, to delete it or to request that we only use it for certain purposes
change your mind, and ask us to stop using your information. For example, unsubscribing from any marketing emails or turning off personalisation
11. How Will I Find Out About Changes To This Policy?
We update this policy sometimes. If we make important changes, like how we use your personal information, we'll let you know. It might be a notice, an email or a message in your app.
If you don't agree to the changes, then you can always stop using our services, delete your account and stop giving us any more personal information. We'd be sorry to see you go.
12. Newsletter
On sign up and/or on the side menu of the Mob website you are able to sign up to our newsletter. This email address will be used for newsletter use only and will not be sold to third parties. We use the MailChimp tool to process email addresses. Their privacy policy can be found here:
https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/
If, at any point, you want to be removed from the mailing list you can either unsubscribe through the link in an email, or unsubscribe in your account profile on the site.
13. How Can I Contact Mob?
Email us at hello@
mob.co.uk
or at support@
mob.co.uk
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://freestar.com/privacy-policy/:
Close
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Guest Author
2025-02-24T14:29:53-05:00
Updated October 2024
1. Introduction
This privacy policy (
“Privacy Policy”
) explains the data protection practices of Publisher First, Inc. dba Freestar (collectively, “
Freestar
“, “we” and “us”) when you visit or use freestar.com, any of the Freestar Publisher Websites, mobile-optimized version of such websites, and digital applications that integrate certain Freestar technology or onto which Freestar serves advertisements (collectively, “
Publisher Websites
”). For the purposes of data protection laws, Freestar is a data controller.
If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, you must discontinue using the Publisher Websites and all services and features therein. By using the Publisher Websites, you acknowledge you have read and understand this Privacy Policy.
Introduction
Applicability
Information We Collect
How We Use Your Information
How We Share Your Information
Legal Grounds for Processing Your Information
Third Party Advertising Partners
Your Choices About Ads and Analytics
Data Subject Rights & Your Choices
Retention of Your Information
Cookies & Other Tracking Technologies
Third Party Sites
Security
Transfer Information to the United States
Changes to This Privacy Policy
Disputes
Contact Us
California Residents Privacy Notice
2. Applicability
(a)
This Privacy Policy applies to Freestar’s and its third party ad service vendors’ and advertisers’ (collectively, “
Freestar Entities
”) delivery of advertisements on the Publisher Websites, and applies whenever and however you access or use the Publisher Websites, whether via personal computers, mobile devices or other devices (each a “
Device
”). “Publisher Websites” includes all subdomains of Publisher Websites.
(b)
The Publisher Websites are also subject to additional or different privacy policies, which are posted on the Publisher Website. Please visit each Publisher Website for additional privacy policies and terms and conditions related to your privacy.  Freestar is not the data controller
3. Information We Collect
(a) Information Automatically Collected As You Access and Use the Publisher Websites.
To provide you with advertisements that are more customized to your interests, the Freestar Entities may use a variety of technologies (including cookies, Flash cookies, web beacons and embedded scripts) (“
Cookies
”) that automatically or passively collect information when you visit or interact with the Publisher Websites and the advertisements we serve on the Publisher Websites.
We, and our partners or vendors, may collect this information the first time you interact with a Publisher Website that uses our ad services, and we may combine and associate this information with information we (or our partners) may collect about your interactions with other ads we serve.
The information we collect includes:
Browser and Device information such as the type of web browser, computer, platform, related software; device type and model, manufacturer, operating system type and version, inferred from IP address, and identifiers assigned to a device, such as its iOS Identifier for Advertisers (IDFA), Android/Google Advertising ID (AAID or GAID), or other unique device identifier (typically an alphanumeric string allocated to a device by the device manufacturer, identifiers stored in a our cookie, ETag, or browser or web cache). Your IP address is usually associated with the place from which you enter the Internet, like your Internet Service Provider, your company or your library. We use your IP address and other identifiers for a variety of purposes, including to help diagnose problems with our servers, gather broad demographic information, and other purposes as allowed or required by law.
Information about your interactions on the Publisher Websites such as information about the activities or actions on those Publisher Websites, the content viewed on the Publisher Websites, the URL that referred you to the Publisher Websites and all of the areas within the Publisher Websites that you visit, the web sites you visit after the Publisher Website;
Freestar ad information, such as the content of the ad (what the ad is about, e.g. entertainment, news); the ad type (e.g. text, image, or video); where the ad is served (e.g. the website on which the ad appears); whether you clicked on the ad, the number of times you have seen the ad, and information about your interaction with the ad.
We may combine information gathered from your use of the Publisher Websites with information from third party sources to identify your location by state and region.
For more information, see “Cookies” below.
Geolocation Information
.
With your informed consent, Freestar may collect and use your geolocation to provide you with information about goods and services within your geographic location or implement other functionality such as to serve targeted advertising. By using such service, you hereby consent to our collection, use and disclosure of your geolocation information as described.
(b) Information We Collect From Third Parties.
We may acquire information from other trusted sources to update or supplement the information that you provided or we collected automatically, such as information to validate or update your demographic information and lifestyle information. We use this information to help us maintain the accuracy of the information we collect, to target our communications so that we can inform you of products, services and offers that may be of interest, and for internal business analysis or other business purposes. We may also acquire information from other sources about your visits over time and across other third party websites, in order to serve more targeted advertising to you on the Publisher Website(s). Those third parties have privacy policies that differ from this Privacy Policy.
4. How We Use Your Information
We use the information we collect for a variety of purposes. For example, we use the information we collect for:
(a) Serving and Customizing Advertising
: We use the information in connection with serving advertising on the Publisher Websites, including to provide ads that are targeted to your inferred interests based on your activities across Publisher Websites. This may include creating interest-based advertising segments or audiences, as well as to supplement the information we collect with additional information we receive from third parties to allow us to tailor the ads we display.
(b) Ad Reporting, Conversions, Analytics, and Frequency Capping
: To create and provide information regarding ad activity, including whether ads are clicked on, tracking views of ads, as well as click-through rates, to prevent you from seeing the same ad too many times, and to measure and improve our ad serving services.
(c) Fraud Detection and Prevention and Security
: To identify invalid ad impressions, clicks, installs, or ad queries, protect us and our Publisher Websites from fraud, and protect our services.
(d) Service Support and Improvement
: To improve our ad services, to improve navigation and display, and to ensure that our services function properly.
(e) Marketing
: Subject to applicable law, we may combine and use any and all information we collect on you either online or otherwise, including from third parties, for marketing purposes. Unless we expressly notify you otherwise at the time of collection, we also may disclose information that we receive from you and from third party sources to third parties whose practices are not covered by this privacy statement (e.g. other marketers, retailers, and participatory databases) that want to market products or services to you. This includes licensing information about your interests and activities and marketing segments created with such data to third parties for their marketing purposes.
(f) Anonymous Information
: To create aggregated, anonymized information about you and other users of the Publisher Websites by excluding information (such as your name) that relate to an identifiable individual (“Anonymous Information”). We may use this Anonymous Information for any purpose permitted under the law and disclose Anonymous Information to third parties in our sole discretion.
(g) Cross-Device Tracking
: We may use cookies in combination with the information we collect — for instance, IP addresses and unique mobile device identifiers — to locate or try to locate the same unique users across multiple browsers or devices (such as smartphones or tablets), or work with service providers that do this, in order to save your preferences across devices and analyze usage of the Publisher Websites.
5. How We Share Your Information
In addition to the other disclosures described in this Privacy Policy, Freestar may (and you authorize us to) share or disclose information collected from and about you on the Publisher Websites to other companies or individuals as set forth below. We may provide access to information to vendors that are performing services on our behalf, in order to carry out such services (the “
Service Provider Use
”).
(a) Administrative and Legal Reasons
: Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, we may at all times and in any manner access, use, preserve, transfer and disclose your information, including disclosure to third parties: (i) to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, subpoenas, governmental requests or legal process, or in connection with a legal investigation, if in our good faith opinion such is required or permitted by law; (iii) to protect the safety, rights, property or security of the Freestar Entities, their products or services; and/or (iv) to detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues. Further, we may use identifiers and other information to identify users, and may do so in cooperation with third parties such as copyright owners, internet service providers, wireless service providers and/or law enforcement agencies, including disclosing such information to third parties, all in our discretion (the “
Legal Use
”). Such disclosures may be carried out without notice to you.
(b) Sales or Transfer of Business or Assets
: In connection with a sale, merger, transfer, exchange, or other disposition (whether of assets, stock, or otherwise, including via bankruptcy) of all or a portion of the business conducted by Freestar, in which case the company will possess the information collected by us and will assume the rights and obligations regarding your information as described in this Privacy Policy (the “
Acquisition Use
”).
6. Legal Grounds for Using (Processing) Your Information
If you are a visitor from the European Economic Area, our legal basis for collecting and using the information described above will depend on the information concerned and the context in which we collect it.
We collect information from you:
where we need it to perform our contract with you;
where the processing is in our legitimate interests, provided that these aren’t overridden by your interests or rights (such as personalizing our services and marketing for example); or
if we otherwise have your consent.
If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your information, please contact us using the contact details provided under the “Contact Us” section below.
7. Third Party Advertising Partners
In addition to ads that we serve you directly, Freestar may use third party advertising companies and to serve ads when you visit the Publisher Websites and elsewhere on the internet and in other media. We also use analytics services supported by third party companies to perform analytics and track trends. Those third party companies may use tracking technologies to collect and store usage information about you and may combine this information with information they collect from other sources.
To provide ads on the Publisher Websites, we use a variety of third party advertising service providers, including networks, data exchanges, ad servers, analytics providers and others. The list of third party providers is found in the Section below entitled “Third Party Cookies.” This list may be updated from time to time. These third parties may use technology to send, directly to your Device, the advertisements and links that appear on the Publisher Websites. They may automatically receive your IP address, web browser, operating system, and time and location information, geodevice type and device ID when this happens. Freestar, the third party service providers, as well as the advertisers themselves, may collect and use information about your visits over time and across the Publisher Websites and other third party web sites, as well as information received from other sources, in order to serve more targeted advertising to you on the Publisher Websites. Third parties may also use information gathered from your usage of the Publisher Websites to serve targeted advertisements to you on third party websites and applications. Google is one of the companies that we use to serve advertising and perform analytics on some of the Websites. We and third party vendors, including Google, use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) together to help implement the above uses of your information.
We use Google Analytics along with audience data (such as age, gender and interests of users) to help understand users’ visits to the Publisher Websites and to optimize the content that we serve to users.
LiveRamp’s Authenticated Traffic Solution (ATS) provides people-based advertising. ATS enhances addressability for publishers while providing visibility and control for individuals. ATS allows publishers to match user data with a LiveRamp RampID in real-time, enabling people-based advertising on authenticated inventory across the internet.
When you use our website and enter your email address on our website (either to log in, or to sign up to a newsletter, or similar), we may share with LiveRamp and its group companies information that we collect from you, such as your email (in hashed, pseudonymous form), IP address, or information about your browser or operating system, with any of the following, acting as “joint controllers” (as applicable and defined in the GDPR).
LiveRamp uses this information to create an online identification code that we may store in our first-party cookie for our use in online, in-app, and cross-channel advertising. This may be shared with advertising companies to enable interest-based and targeted advertising. LiveRamp uses this information to create an online identification code for the purpose of recognising you on your devices. This code does not contain any of your directly identifiable personal data and will not be used by LiveRamp to re-identify you.
For ATS in Spanish-speaking countries:
When you enter your email address on our website (whether to log in, subscribe to a newsletter, or similar) or when you use our application, we may share the personal or other information we collect, such as your email (pseudonymized in hashed form), mobile advertising identifier, the IP address or information about your browser or operating system, with our partner LiveRamp and its group companies acting as joint controller (applicable to GDPR countries). LiveRamp’s privacy policy and options to object to this activity are available
here
. LiveRamp uses this information to create an online identification code to recognize you on your devices. This code does not contain personal data that identifies you and will not be used by LiveRamp to re-identify you. We include this code in our cookie or use a LiveRamp cookie to be used for online and multi-channel advertising. It may be shared with our advertising partners and other third-party advertising companies globally in order to enable interest-based content or targeted advertising across your entire online experience (e.g. web, email, connected devices and apps, etc.) They may, in turn, use this code to link to demographic or interest-based information that you have provided in your interactions with them. You have the right to decide whether to authorize our use of LiveRamp cookies and our sharing of this data with LiveRamp for the aforementioned purposes.
Detailed information on LiveRamp’s data processing activities is available in
LiveRamp’s privacy policy
. You have the right to withdraw your consent or opt-out to the processing of your personal data at any time using this
link
.
8. Your Choices about Ads and Analytics
To learn more about how to manage your preferences regarding our cookie-based advertising, please see the “Cookie Management” section in our Cookie Notice.
Please note that you may still receive advertisements from third parties within the Publisher Websites even if you opt out of tailored advertising but they will not be based on your activity across unrelated web sites or apps.
Do Not Track.
Freestar does not act on “do not track” requests from your browser because, this way, we are able to personalize your experiences on the Publisher Websites. For more information, go to
http://www.networkadvertising.org
or
http://www.aboutads.info
.
9. Data Subject Rights & Your Choices
Subject to certain local laws, you have certain rights with respect to your information as further described in this section.
(a) International Users
: If you would like further information in relation to your legal rights under applicable law or would like to exercise any of them, please contact us using the information in the “Contact Us” section below at any time. Your local laws may permit you to request that we:
provide access to and/or a copy of certain information we have about you;
prevent the processing of your information for direct-marketing purposes;
update information which is out of date or incorrect;
delete certain information which we have about you;
restrict the way that we process and disclose certain of your information;
transfer your information to a third party provider of services; and/or
revoke your consent for the processing of your information.
We will consider all requests and provide our response within the time period stated by applicable law. Certain information may be exempt from such requests in some circumstances, which may include if we need to keep processing your information for our legitimate interests or to comply with a legal obligation. We may request you provide us with information necessary to confirm your identity before responding to your request.
(b) Privacy Information for California residents.
If you are a California resident, California law requires us to provide you with some additional information regarding your rights with respect to your “personal information” (as defined in the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”)). We describe the categories of personal information we collect, the sources and uses of such information and the entities to which we share such information in our California Privacy Notice, below.
California Data Access & Deletion Rights.
If you are a California resident, the CCPA allows you to make certain requests about your personal information. Specifically, the CCPA allows you to request us to:
Inform you about the categories of personal information we collect or disclose about you; the categories of sources of such information; the business or commercial purpose for collecting your personal information; and the categories of third parties with whom we share/disclose personal information.
Provide access to and/or a copy of certain personal information we hold about you.
Delete certain personal information we have about you.
Provide you with information about the financial incentives that we offer to you, if any.
Please note that certain information may be exempt from such requests under California law. For example, we need certain information in order to provide the Services to you.
Verification
. We will take reasonable steps to verify your identity before responding to a request, which may include, at a minimum, depending on the sensitivity of the information you are requesting and the type of request you are making, verifying your name and email address.
Authorized Agent.
You are also permitted to designate an authorized agent to submit certain requests on your behalf. In order for an authorized agent to be verified, you must provide the authorized agent with signed, written permission to make such requests or a power of attorney. We may also follow up with you to verify your identity before processing the authorized agent’s request.
Further Information.
If you would like further information regarding your legal rights under California law or would like to exercise any of them, please contact us at privacy@freestar.com .
Notice of Right to Opt Out of Sale of Personal Information.
California residents may opt out of the “sale” of their personal information. We sell certain of your information to third parties to provide you with offers and promotions and opportunities that may be of interest to you.
Under the CCPA, sale is broadly defined such that it may include allowing third parties to receive certain information, such as cookies, IP address, and/or browsing behavior, to deliver targeted advertising on the Services or other services. Advertising, including targeted advertising, enables us to provide you certain content for free and allows us to provide you offers relevant to you.
Depending on what Services you use, we may provide the following categories of personal information to third parties for these purposes:
For online targeted advertising purposes: demographic and statistical information, user-generated content, device information and identifiers, connection and usage data, geolocation, and social media information.
For sharing with third parties to send you relevant offers and promotions and opportunities: contact and registration information; demographic and statistical information, employment and education data, user-generated content, and geolocation.
If you would like to opt out of Freestar’s use of your information for such purposes that are considered a “sale” under California law, you may submit a sale opt-out request by emailing us at privacy@freestar.com. You can also submit a sale opt-out request by emailing us at privacy@freestar.com . Please note that we do not knowingly sell the personal information of minors under 16 years of age without legally-required affirmative authorization.
Non-Discrimination.
The CCPA further provides you with the right to not be discriminated against (as provided for in applicable law) for exercising your access, deletion or sale opt out rights.
California “Shine the Light” Disclosure
We do not disclose personal information as identified under California Civil Code sections 1798.83-1798.84, with third parties for those third parties’ direct marketing purposes.
10. Retention of Your Information
We keep your information for no longer than necessary for the purposes for which it is processed. The length of time for which we retain information depends on the purposes for which we collected and use it and/or as required to comply with applicable laws.
11. Cookies & Other Tracking Technologies
We use and allow certain other companies to use certain tracking technologies, including cookies, web beacons, and other similar technologies (collectively, “
Cookies
”) on the Publisher Websites. This section (“
Cookie Notice
”) explains what these technologies are and why we use them, as well as your rights to control our use of them.
What are Cookies?
Cookies are text files that contain a certain amount of information and are downloaded to your computer or mobile device when you visit a website. They are useful because they allow websites to recognize a user’s device. They are then returned to the original website on each subsequent visit or to any other website that recognizes them. For more information on cookies, go to
WWW.ALLABOUTCOOKIES.ORG
.
The term “
Cookie
” is used in this Notice in the broad sense to include all similar techniques and technology, including web beacons and log files. For more information on these additional tools, see our glossary below.
Types of Information We Collect
Cookies help us to understand Publisher Website usage and to improve the advertising content and offerings on the Publisher Websites. Examples of the types of information that we collect through Cookies include:
The number of users visiting Publisher Websites, the number of times a Publisher Website was viewed, the pages or ads viewed, the clicks made on the Publisher Websites or ads and the total duration of navigation on the Publisher Websites;
The name of the page that referred you to the Publisher Websites;
Whether this is your first time visiting the Publisher Websites;
Your viewing preferences (e.g. layout, sizing preferences, language etc.); and
Your the type of browser used and your IP address, so that we can identify you during your next visits.
How We Use Cookies
Examples of ways that we use Cookies include:
To control the display of ads;
To track usage patterns on the Publisher Websites; and
To personalize information.
Freestar (or third party service providers on our behalf) may also use cookies to collect aggregate information about Website users on an anonymous basis (“
Anonymous Information
”). We may share aggregate demographic and usage information with our prospective and actual business partners, advertisers and other third parties for any business purpose.
Types of Cookies We Use on Our Publisher Websites
We use Cookies for several reasons. Some Cookies also enable us to track and target the interests of our users and to enhance the experience on our Publisher Websites. Third parties also serve Cookies through the Publisher Websites for advertising, analytics and other purposes. The specific types of Cookies served through our Publisher Websites and the functions they perform are described in more detail below.
Functional Cookies
: These cookies allow us to remember choices you make on our websites (such as your preferred language or the region you are in). To refuse these Cookies, please follow the instructions below under the section Cookie Management. Note that by disabling functional cookies, you may not be able to use some of our features or those features may not function properly.
Embedded Scripts.
An embedded script is programming code that is designed to collect information about your interactions with the Publisher Websites, such as the links you click on. The code is temporarily downloaded onto your computer or other device, is active only while you are connected to the Publisher Websites, and is deactivated or deleted thereafter.
Cross-Device Cookies
: Freestar may use cookies in combination with the information we collect — for instance, IP addresses and unique mobile device identifiers — to locate or try to locate the same unique users across multiple browsers or devices (such as smartphones or tablets), or work with service providers that do this, in order to save your preferences across devices and analyze usage of the Publisher Websites. To refuse these Cookies, you may install the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on by clicking here.
We and our third party partners (including advertisers) may set and access Cookies on your computer as well. We do not have control over how third parties use such cookies and similar technologies or the information derived therefrom, and this Privacy Policy does not cover any use of information that such third parties may have collected from you or the methods used by the third-parties to collect that information. These types of cookies include:
Advertising Cookies
: These Cookies, defined exclusively by third parties, collect several types of data about your browsing habits, as well as your preferences for products and services. This information allows Freestar to serve you relevant advertisements on our Publisher Websites. To refuse these cookies, please follow the instructions below under the section Cookie Management. Some advertisements may also contain an icon that you may click on to find out more about how to manage your advertising preferences.
List of Third Party Partners & Vendors
As of the Effective Date above, the third party partners may include the following. These vendors and this list may be updated from time to time:
IDENTITY
AD SERVING
SEARCH
33across
AdaptMX
Yahoo Inc.
Airgrid
Adform
Yahoo EMEA Limited
Audigent
Adobe
Google Ad Sense
Criteo
Amazon
Google
AppLovin
TECHNOLOGY
ID5
AppNexus/Microsoft Monetize
Cloudflare
Intent IQ
Basis
Google Cloud Platform
LinkedIn
Bidswitch
LiveIntent
Bidtellect
Liveramp
Blockthrough
Magnite
Cadent
Neustar
Concert
Symitri
Connatix
The Trade Desk
Criteo
Yahoo
Decide
Dianomi
Digital Turbine
Ex.co
Facebook
Fluct
Google AdMob
Google AdX
GumGum
HyprMx
Index Exchange
Infolinks
InMobi
Insticator
Kargo
Liftoff
LiveIntent
Media.net
MediaGrid
MinuteMedia
Nativo
Ogury
OneTag
OpenX
Opera
Outbrain
Pangle
Primis
Pubmatic
PubNative/Verve
PulsePoint
Quantcast
RevContent
Rise
Rubicon/Magnite
Seedtag
Sharethrough
Smaato
Sonobi
SpringServe
STN
Teads
TheTradeDesk
TripleLift
Undertone
Unity Ads
Unruly/Nexxen
Vidazoo
Wunderkind
Yahoo
Yieldmo
Web Beacons
Small graphic images or other web programming code called web beacons (also known as “clear GIFs” or “pixel tags“) or similar technologies may be included in our web pages and messages. Web beacons or similar technologies may be used for a number of purposes, including, without limitation, to count visitors to the Publisher Websites, to monitor how users navigate the Publisher Websites, or to count how many particular articles or links were actually viewed. A clear gif may enable us to relate your viewing or receipt of a web page or message to other information about you, including your Personally Identifiable Information. To refuse Web Beacons, please follow the instructions below under the section Cookie Management.
HTML
HTML, the language some websites are coded in, may be used to store information on your computer or device about your interaction with and use of the Publisher Websites. This information may be retrieved by us to help us manage our Websites, such as by giving us information about how our Publisher Websites are being used by our visitors, how they can be improved, and to customize them for our users.
Duration of storage of cookies on your device
We use both “session cookies” (which expire once you close your web browser) and “persistent cookies” (which stay on your computer until you delete them).
Cookie Management
Analytics
To learn about Google Analytics’ currently available opt-outs for the Web, please visit:
HTTPS://SUPPORT.GOOGLE.COM/ANALYTICS/ANSWER/181881?HL=EN
.
Disabling Advertising Cookies
To opt-out of Freestar advertising cookies, please select your privacy preferences utilizing the consent management platform on the applicable Publisher Website.
Some of our advertising service providers may be members of the Network Advertising Initiative, which offers a single location to opt out of ad targeting from member companies. If you opt-out of receiving targeted ads in this manner, you will continue to receive advertising messages after you opt-out, but they will not be customized to you based on your use of the Publisher Websites. If you would like more information about advertisers’ use of tracking technologies and about your option not to accept these cookies, you can go to
http://www.networkadvertising.org
. If you would like to learn more about how interest-based information is collected, whether the companies we use are part of an industry network regarding behavioural advertising and to know your choices about not having information used in this manner, you can go to
http://www.aboutads.info
. The collection of information via certain ads served to users in Canada may be managed by visiting youradchoices.ca.
Please note that the-opt out is cookie-based and will only affect the specific computer and browser on which the opt-out is applied.
When necessary pursuant to applicable law, we will use signals from an IAB-compliant consent management platform running on the Publisher Websites for enabling or disabling advertising cookies.
Using Browser Settings
You can disable and/or delete most types of cookies by using your browser settings. Please note that if you use your browser settings to block all cookies you may not be able to access parts of our or others’ Publisher Websites. The following links provide information on how to modify the cookies settings on some popular browsers:
Apple Safari
Google Chrome
Microsoft Internet Explorer
Mozilla Firefox
Do Not Track Signals
Freestar does not act on “do not track” requests from your browser because, this way, we are able to personalize your experiences on our Publisher Websites.
For more information, go to:
http://www.networkadvertising.org
or
http://www.aboutads.info
.
If you have questions about the use of Cookies on our Publisher Websites, please contact us as described in Contact Us below.
IAB TCF Framework
Freestar participates in the IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework and complies with its Specifications and Policies. Freestar’s identification number within the framework is 850.
12. Third Party Sites
We are not responsible for the privacy practices of any third parties websites that you may access from the Publisher Website. You understand that this Privacy Policy does not apply to your use of such websites.
13. Security
We implement appropriate administrative, technical and security safeguards to help prevent unauthorized access, use, or disclosure of the information we collect. However, no systems can be completely secure. Therefore, while Freestar uses reasonable efforts to protect your information, Freestar cannot guarantee its absolute security, and your use of the Publisher Websites indicates your agreement to assume this risk.
14. Transfer Information to the United States
If you are located outside of the United States of America (“USA”), please note that the information you provide to us will be transferred to and processed in the USA, where laws regarding processing of personal data may be less stringent than the laws in your country.
15. Changes to This Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time without prior notice. Any changes will be effective immediately upon the posting of the revised Privacy Policy.
16. Disputes
PLEASE READ THIS CAREFULLY. IT AFFECTS YOUR RIGHTS.
Except for either party’s claims of infringement or misappropriation of the other party’s patent, copyright, trademark, or trade secret, any and all disputes between you and Freestar arising under or related in any way to this Privacy Policy, must be resolved through binding arbitration as described in this section. This agreement to arbitrate is intended to be interpreted broadly. It includes, but is not limited to, all claims and disputes relating to your use of any of the Publisher Websites. YOU AGREE THAT BY ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT, YOU AND FREESTAR ARE EACH WAIVING THE RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY OR TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION. YOU AND FREESTAR AGREE THAT EACH MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING. ANY ARBITRATION WILL TAKE PLACE ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS; CLASS ARBITRATIONS AND CLASS ACTIONS ARE NOT PERMITTED. The arbitration will be conducted by JAMS in accordance with its then-current Streamlined Arbitration Rules and Procedures (“JAMS Rules”) and will be held in New York, New York. The arbitration will be conducted by one neutral arbitrator chosen by the parties. If the parties cannot agree upon an arbitrator, they shall submit to the procedure used by JAMS to choose an arbitrator. The current rules may be found on the Internet at:
HTTP://WWW.JAMSADR.COM/RULES-STREAMLINED-ARBITRATION/
. This arbitration agreement is made pursuant to a transaction involving interstate commerce, and shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act (“FAA”), 9 U.S.C. §§116. The arbitrator shall apply New York law, as described in Section 24 (Applicable Laws), consistent with the FAA and applicable statutes of limitations, and shall honor claims of privilege recognized at law. Notwithstanding anything herein or in the JAMS Rules to the contrary, the arbitrator shall not have the power to award punitive damages against you or Freestar. The arbitrator’s ruling is binding and may be entered as a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction. In the event this agreement to arbitrate is held unenforceable by a court, then the disputes that would otherwise have been arbitrated shall be exclusively brought in the state or federal courts located in the City and County of New York, New York. Claims of infringement or misappropriation of the other party’s patent, copyright, trademark, or trade secret shall be exclusively brought in the state and federal courts located in the City and County of New York, New York.
17. Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about any aspect of this Privacy Policy, please contact our Data Privacy Officer at the address set forth below.
Data Privacy Officer
Publisher First, Inc. dba Freestar
20715 N. Pima Rd., Suite 108
Scottsdale, AZ 85255
Or
legal@freestar.com
18. California Privacy Notice
This Privacy Notice for California residents supplements the Freestar Privacy Policy. This Notice applies to website visitors, app users, and customers in California. This supplemental privacy notice gives California residents additional information about our information collection and use practices required by the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”). The CCPA also provides California residents with specific privacy rights, which are outlined in our Privacy Policy here.
This notice provides information about the categories of personal information that we collect from California residents generally, the purposes for which we use the information, the sources of the information, and the categories of third parties to whom we disclose the information for business purposes. More detailed information is available in our Privacy Policy at How We Use Personal Information and How We Share Personal Information.
Information we collect automatically from you and/or your device:
Device information and identifiers such as IP address; browser type and language; operating system; platform type; device type; software and hardware attributes; and unique device, advertising, and app identifiers.
Purposes of use:
Serving and Customizing Advertising
Auditing Consumer Interactions (e.g., Ad Reporting, Conversions, Analytics, and Frequency Capping)
Service Support and Improvement
Our Marketing and Third-Party Marketing Purposes
Bug detection and error reporting
Security, Fraud, and Legal Compliance
Sources of personal information
Serving and Customizing Advertising
Auditing Consumer Interactions (e.g., Ad Reporting, Conversions, Analytics, and Frequency Capping)
Service Support and Improvement
Our Marketing and Third-Party Marketing Purposes
Bug detection and error reporting
Security, Fraud, and Legal Compliance
Categories of third parties to whom we disclose the information:
Service Providers
Our Affiliates Advertisers, Ad Servers, and Advertising Partners
Entities for Legal Purposes
Entities For Sales or Transfer of Business or Assets
Internet network and device activity data such as information about your interactions on our Publisher Websites such as information about the activities or actions on those Publisher Websites, the content viewed on the Publisher Websites, the URL that referred you to the Publisher Websites and all of the areas within the Publisher Websites that you visit, and the web sites you visit after the Publisher Websites. See “Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies” below for more information about how we collect and use this information.
Purposes of use:
Serving and Customizing Advertising
Auditing Consumer Interactions (e.g., Ad Reporting, Conversions, Analytics, and Frequency Capping)
Service Support and Improvement
Our Marketing and Third-Party Marketing Purposes
Bug detection and error reporting
Security, Fraud, and Legal Compliance
Sources of personal information:
You (through your device)
Cookies and tracking technologies
Categories of third parties to whom we disclose the information:
Service Providers
Our Affiliates Advertisers, Ad Servers, and Advertising Partners
Entities for Legal Purposes
Entities For Sales or Transfer of Business or Assets
Advertising information such as the content of the ad, the ad type, where the ad is served, whether you clicked on the ad, and the number of times you have seen the ad.
Purposes of use:
Serving and Customizing Advertising
Auditing Consumer Interactions (e.g., Ad Reporting, Conversions, Analytics, and Frequency Capping)
Service Support and Improvement
Our Marketing and Third-Party Marketing Purposes
Bug detection and error reporting
Security, Fraud, and Legal Compliance
Sources of personal information
You (through your device)
Cookies and tracking technologies
Categories of third parties to whom we disclose the information:
Service Providers
Our Affiliates Advertisers, Ad Servers, and Advertising Partners
Entities for Legal Purposes
Entities For Sales or Transfer of Business or Assets
Geolocation information such as city, state and ZIP code associated with your IP address or derived through Wi-Fi triangulation; and precise geolocation information from GPS-based functionality on your devices, with your permission in accordance with your device settings.
Purposes of use:
Serving and Customizing Advertising
Auditing Consumer Interactions (e.g., Ad Reporting, Conversions, Analytics, and Frequency Capping)
Service Support and Improvement
Our Marketing and Third-Party Marketing Purposes
Bug detection and error reporting
Security, Fraud, and Legal Compliance
Sources of personal information
You (through your device)
Cookies and tracking technologies
Consumer data resellers
Categories of third parties to whom we disclose the information:
Service Providers
Our Affiliates Advertisers, Ad Servers, and Advertising Partners
Entities for Legal Purposes
Entities For Sales or Transfer of Business or Assets
Page load link
Go to Top
Sub-policy 1
https://postmarkapp.com/eu-privacy:
Grow with us: Join Postmark's new referral partner program and start earning
Learn more
x
EU Data Protection | Postmark
Summary
Security and Privacy
GDPR
DPA
Sub-processors
Summary
When you use our services you entrust us with your valuable information. We have made it a priority to protect your data and to provide you with choices about controlling it. We understand that there are particular concerns from companies in the EU about how we use and protect your data, so we put this page together as a guide to answer some of the most common questions you may have.
The
Security and Privacy page
provides an overview of our data center and app security, as well as our data retention policy.
The
GDPR page
provides detailed information about how we have prepared our services for the GDPR.
The
DPA page
provides an executable copy of our Data Processing Addendum with our customers.
The
Sub-processors page
provides a list of our sub-processors under GDPR, and a way for you to get notified if/when we add a new sub-processor.
Security and Privacy
For detailed information about our security and privacy practices, you can view our
privacy policy
and
data processing addendum
. Below are some highlights.
Data centers and security measures
Data centers
Postmark's primary data and servers are hosted at
Deft's
data center (located outside of Chicago), and
Amazon Web Services (AWS)
. We currently don't have plans to add servers in the EU (GDPR does
not
require physical servers in the EU).
Deft details
A DuPont Fabros facility, the Deft data center is SOC 2 Type 2 accredited and includes keycard protocols, biometric scanning protocols and round-the-clock surveillance. Our environment is colocated, meaning we have full control of the physical environment and only our policies affect the access and use of the hardware, network and software. We provide multiple levels of backups and redundancy to ensure uptime and peace of mind. Data transferred from our customers to our servers is encrypted via SSL that is configured to meet or exceed all industry standards. Cold data at rest is encrypted with 2048-bit RSA.
Even though Postmark itself has not undergone a SOC audit, our data center has. We can provide a copy of the SOC report for the data center after completing an NDA.
Amazon Web Services (AWS) details
The Amazon Web Services infrastructure puts strong safeguards in place to help protect customer privacy. All data is stored in highly secure AWS data centers. For a detailed overview of all security and privacy measures, see the
AWS Cloud Security page
. For a list of all current security accreditations, see the
AWS Compliance Programs page
.
Additional security measures
Data center security
: The data centers we use demonstrate ongoing compliance with rigorous international standards, such as ISO 27017 for cloud security, ISO 27018 for cloud privacy, SOC 1, SOC 2, and SOC 3, PCI DSS Level 1, and more.
Access control
: We restrict access to personal data only to our employees, contractors, and agents who need to know this information in order to operate, develop, or improve our service. Only a select few have access to the servers where data is stored. We go to great lengths to ensure the right balance between support and secure infrastructure. Employees can only access accounts if they have explicit permission from an account owner or the account is in review for compliance with the Postmark Terms of Use.
Confidentiality agreements
: Employees, contractors, and agents are bound by confidentiality obligations and may be subject to discipline, including termination and criminal prosecution if they fail to meet these obligations.
App security
: All access to the Postmark interface is secured over SSL (HTTPS), ensuring the information is encrypted. Our SSL configurations are regularly and automatically scanned to ensure we can quickly remediate any vulnerabilities discovered, such as Heartbleed. Additionally, we provide both TLS and HTTPS connections to the Postmark SMTP and API services, ensuring emails sent to the service are encrypted. Account passwords are encrypted in the Postmark database, preventing even our own staff from viewing them. We offer a method to recycle API keys at anytime in the Postmark interface.
Fully redundant servers for the API, SMTP, Inbound and Web interface.
Secure protocols (SSL / TLS) across the web, API, and SMTP endpoints.
Separately hosted Help system and Public site.
256-bit SSL encryption on the web app and payment processing.
All passwords are stored using one-way cryptographic hashing functions.
We run a dedicated environment behind redundant firewalls and switches.
Hardened, patched OS with frequent security updates.
External monitoring and audits by highly respected security firms.
For even more detailed information about our security practices, you can review
this help doc
.
Data retention
As described on
our feature pages
, Postmark collects and retains content and metadata for all emails for 45 days to give customers the ability to access their full message history during that time.
After 45 days, original email content and metadata are removed from our system. Bounces, spam complaints and unsubscribed recipients are stored indefinitely in a Streams Suppression list for reporting and list hygiene.
EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
What is GDPR?
In 2016, the European Commission approved and adopted the new General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). GDPR is a significant change in data protection regulation in the EU and replaces the existing legal framework (the Data Protection Directive and the various member state laws). It came into effect on May 25, 2018.
Why is GDPR important?
GDPR adds some new requirements regarding how companies should protect individuals' data that they process. It also raises the stakes for compliance by increasing enforcement and imposing greater fines for breaches.
What has Postmark done to comply with GDPR?
We have implemented changes and our commitment to your privacy continues
Our compliance, data protection, and information security teams work hard to align our services with GDPR. In our role as the Data Processor of your customer and end user information, we have provided a Data Processing Agreement, meeting with the requirements of GDPR. You can find it
here
.
We have worked hard to meet our obligations as a processor under
Article 28 of GDPR
. To this end:
We continue to process your customer and end user data per your instructions.
We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect the data with which you entrust us. You can view a detailed description of our security controls in
ANNEX II of our DPA
.
We have provided a list of our sub-processors and will give you the opportunity to object if we engage a new one. You can access this list
here
.
We have instituted a policy informing and obligating our employees to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
We have instituted a procedure to assist you in complying with requests for access, amendment or deletion that you may get from your customers or end users. See the "How do you manage access to my information (DSR requests)?" on this page.
We are able to inform you without delay in the event of a data breach (though we, and our sub-processors are working hard so that won't be needed).
We will delete your customer/end user information at the end of our agreement with you, if you ask us.
We have also updated our
terms of service
and
privacy policy
to provide greater transparency about our practices and help you pass that forward to your customers and end-users.
As guidance about specific aspects of GDPR continues to be published, we will also continue our efforts to fine-tune and improve our compliance.
We have addressed cross border data transfers
Like the Data Protection Directive that preceded it, GDPR includes provisions on international data transfer mechanisms. In order to comply with these provisions, we have worked with legal counsel to create a standard Data Processing Addendum (DPA), which meets with GDPR requirements for agreements between Data Controllers (you) and Data Processors (us).
Our DPA includes the new Standard Contractual Clauses (SCCs) for cross border transfers. It also outlines in detail our current security practices. To receive and sign a copy of our DPA, please visit the
Data Processing Addendum tab
on this page.
For our full response to the Schrems II Judgment (Privacy Shield invalidation), you can view
this blog post
.
Does GDPR require that my information be stored in the EU?
No
. Under GDPR a company is allowed to transfer personal data outside of the EU provided that it puts in place a mechanism, approved under GDPR, to make sure that personal data is adequately protected even when it is transferred outside of the EU. We offer a
Data Processing Addendum (DPA)
with updated Standard Contractual Clauses (SCCs) to all customers.
How do you manage access to my information (DSR requests)?
If you have an account with us, you may access, correct, or request that we delete your personal data by contacting us at support@postmarkapp.com.
This request can include personal data of other individuals, like your employees or customers that you have provided to us and who have requested this of you. We will respond to these requests within 14 days or less, which is well within the GDPR requirement of 30 days.
Automate data removal requests
If you’re looking to process data removal requests (also “the right to be forgotten”), you have two options to automate this process:
Ensure your client data is secure and automatically deleted upon request with our
Data Removal API
. With this endpoint, you can easily erase recipient data from a specific account and review the status of your data removal requests. Since this endpoint erases data, we have it turned off by default -
reach out to us in support
and we can enable it for your account.
Simplify this process even further by
purchasing the Retention Add-On
and deciding how long Postmark keeps your data. By default, Postmark stores message content and activity data for 45 days, but with this add-on, you can decrease your data retention and make sure Postmark will purge all customer data after 7 or 28 days. This is a great option for all senders who frequently deal with DSR requests under GDPR and want to put compliance on auto-pilot.
What happens when the UK leaves the EU?
We chose the UK as a reasonable location for GDPR enforcement. The UK is hoping for a unique status under GDPR and are working towards it. For the time being the UK has declared it will be GDPR compliant and its new data protection bill is in line with GDPR.
We are here for you
We are happy to answer any questions and address any concerns regarding how we protect your personal data in general, as well as specifically under GDPR. If you have any questions, please don't hesitate to contact us at
privacy@activecampaign.com
.
Data Processing Addendum
Please note that as of September 27, 2021, our updated
Terms of Service
incorporate our
DPA with new SCCs
.
It is therefore no longer necessary to obtain a signed copy of our DPA.
However, if your organization requires it, we do offer the ability to sign a copy of our DPA here.
To ensure no inconsistent or additional terms are imposed on us beyond that reflected in our standard DPA and standard contractual clauses, we cannot agree to sign customers’ DPAs. As a small team we also can’t make individual changes to our DPA since we don't have a legal team on staff. Any changes to the standard DPA would require legal counsel and a lot of back and forth discussion that would be cost prohibitive for our team.
Once you complete this form, the addendum will be signed electronically by both parties and a signed copy will be emailed to you.
Drop us a line
if you have any questions.
What’s the name of your company?
What country does your company operate in?
Please select a country
Afghanistan
Åland Islands
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bonaire
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Congo
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Côte d'Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Curaçao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Korea
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Réunion
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Barthélemy
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin (French part)
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Sint Maarten (Dutch part)
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syrian Arab Republic
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
What’s your full name?
What’s your email address?
We’ll never use this email for marketing purposes.
What’s your role at this company?
Are you authorized to sign on behalf of this company?
Yes
No
List of sub-processors
We share certain information with companies that may be considered our "sub-processors" under GDPR. This information is limited to the following:
We use
Amazon Web Services (AWS)
and
Deft
(formerly known as
ServerCentral
) to process our emails. These companies host the data on physical and cloud servers that we pay for. For more information about our security practices as it relates to our data centers, see this
help article
.
We use
HelpScout
as help desk software to communicate with our customers. Although HelpScout isn't a sub-processor used to deliver our services, sometimes these communications includes the personal data of your customers' information, so we've added them here for transparency.
Below is a full list of our sub-processors.
Company
Purpose
Deft (formerly known as ServerCentral)
Infrastructure hosting
Amazon Web Services
Cloud infrastructure hosting
Sub-processor updates
If you would like to be notified when we start working with a new company that may be considered a "sub-processor", you can sign up below. We will only use your email to send notifications about new sub-processors.
Email*
Please verify your request*
Submit
Help
Sub-policy 2
https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/:
Privacy & Security
Your Privacy
Your Privacy
Protect Your Privacy
Do Not Call Policy
Privacy Statements
Privacy Statements
For Consumers
For Consumers
English
Français
Français (Canada)
Español
For Applicants & Employees
For Applicants & Employees
English
Français
Español
For Contingent Workers
For Contingent Workers
English
Français
Español
Intuit Financial Services
Intuit Financial Services
English
Security Center
Security Center
Our Security Practices
Account Security Checklist
Online Safety Tips
Security Notices
Responsible Disclosure
Responsible AI
FAQ
hide
Contact Us
Privacy & Security
Your Privacy
Protect Your Privacy
Do Not Call Policy
Privacy Statements
For Consumers
English
Français
Français (Canada)
Español
For Applicants & Employees
English
Français
Español
For Contingent Workers
English
Français
Español
Intuit Financial Services
English
Security Center
Our Security Practices
Account Security Checklist
Online Safety Tips
Security Notices
Responsible Disclosure
Responsible AI
FAQ
hide
Contact Us
GLOBAL PRIVACY STATEMENTS
You deserve transparency into our data use
Select your preferred language
English
Français
Français (Canada)
Español
Intuit Global Privacy Statement
Last Updated: September 8, 2024
See previous Privacy Statements
Expand All
Collapse All
Scope of this Privacy Statement and our role
Intuit responsibly leverages technology to power prosperity around the world. We believe that everyone has a right to privacy. As a financial services and technology company, we’re providing this Global Privacy Statement (
“Privacy Statement”
) to explain how we, Intuit Inc. and the
Intuit group companies
(collectively
“Intuit,” “we,” “us,” or “our”
), collect, use, share, or otherwise process information that we collect through our services. These services include, as applicable, our websites, mobile applications, social media pages, marketing activities, and other activities described in this Privacy Statement, or when other businesses provide us your personal information (collectively, the
“Services”
). This Privacy Statement is global, meaning it applies to all Intuit Services. We may provide additional or supplemental privacy statements for certain products or services.
This Privacy Statement describes our privacy practices when we process:
Personal information for the purposes of preparing a tax return or in connection with the preparation of a tax return (collectively, “
Tax Preparation Information
”) as part of providing TurboTax tax preparation services;
Personal information for the purposes of providing the benefits of our websites and the Intuit platform, which includes all of Intuit’s services, sites, experiences and software (including through our mobile applications and desktop applications) other than Tax Preparation Information (the “
Intuit Platform
”); and
Personal information as necessary to manage, run, improve, and develop our business and personalize your experience while interacting with the Intuit Platform. Depending on your settings, this may include showing you personalized ads or recommending certain Intuit products based on your interests.
Intuit determines the purposes and means of the processing of your personal information as described in this Privacy Statement, and therefore acts as a ‘data controller’ (or equivalent/similar terms under applicable data privacy laws) of such information. We may share your personal information within the
Intuit group companies
and conduct processing activities as controllers or joint controllers for the purposes set out in this Privacy Statement.
In certain circumstances, there may be more than one data controller processing your personal information. For example, your employer or a financial partner may also act as a data controller. In these situations, we act as an independent data controller over our processing activities. This means we determine how your personal information will be processed independently from the other data controllers. The other data controllers have their own obligations under applicable data privacy laws. Intuit is not responsible for other data controllers’ processing activities, and you should contact them directly for questions about how they process your personal information and about how to exercise your privacy rights in relation to such processing.
This Privacy Statement does not apply to certain processing activities where we are not the controller. For example, where Intuit processes personal information as a processor or service provider on behalf of our customers, including when we process personal information on behalf of customers of our professional tax software products. When we act as a processor or service provider, the privacy statement of the customer who uses our Services applies, instead of this Privacy Statement, and our processing of such personal information is governed by our agreements with such customers. If you have concerns about personal information that we process on behalf of a customer, or wish to exercise your privacy rights regarding such personal information, please contact the customer directly.
This Privacy Statement also does not apply to Intuit Financial Services or Intuit’s processing of education records subject to state or federal laws or children’s data in our education curriculum products. You may find the privacy statement for Intuit Financial Services
here
, and the privacy statement for Intuit for Education
here
.
If you have any questions about how Intuit processes your personal information, please see How to contact us below.
The Intuit platform
The Intuit Platform and your personal information
When we say “platform,” we mean that when you choose to share data with us, or bring over information from third parties (like a bank or loan provider), Intuit uses that data together, not just within the individual offering(s) you’re using. This means that, for example, we may use your bookkeeping details from QuickBooks, contact and purchase history details from Mailchimp, and/or recommendations from Credit Karma. The personal information we use in this centralized way may relate to you as an end user of our Services or as a customer or vendor of an Intuit customer whose personal information has been included in the Intuit Platform.
Business account information
Some experiences and services within the Intuit Platform allow you to interact with a business (such as your employer). If you are granted access to a business account (for example, in QuickBooks), the business owner or a designated administrator may control and administer details of your account, for example, by deciding your access rights; making decisions about your personal information (such as details about your payroll); or requiring you to take certain actions (for example, use location tracking to clock in for a shift). If the owner or designated administrator changes your access rights, then you may lose access to the information the business controls.
Your use of the Intuit Platform as part of a business account may be subject to the business’s policies, which may differ from this Privacy Statement. We are not responsible for the privacy or security practices of other businesses, and you should consider both the business’s policies and whether you are comfortable giving the business access to your personal information before connecting to their services.
Personal information we collect
The personal information that we collect or otherwise receive about you depends on the context of your interactions with Intuit, how you configure your account, and the choices you make, including your privacy settings. The way we process your personal information may also depend on the particular Services, functionalities, or experiences you use, your location, and applicable law.
Information you provide to us
You may provide us with your information as follows:
Contact data and account profile data.
We collect information when you (or your organization) create an account, activate a subscription, and/or upload information to the Intuit Platform. Personal information may include your name, previous name(s) and/or nicknames, title and honorifics, professional title and company name, education, billing and mailing addresses, phone number and email address, profile photo, billing information (your payment information), purchase history, demographic information, preferences, subscription data, and your username and account credentials.
Identity verification information.
We collect information to verify your identity, including your name, date of birth, social security number, social insurance number, driver’s license number, passport number, government-issued identification details, and similar information to verify your identity and to help you file your tax return.
Communications, feedback and survey data, and related data.
We may collect personal information such as your name, email address, telephone number and any other personal information you choose to share when you reach out to us for support, give us feedback, participate in optional surveys, attend our events, participate in product research or training, or otherwise interact or communicate with us. This information may include: call center recordings and call monitoring records, chat and text records, voicemails, photographs, and video images.
Marketing data.
You may provide us with your contact information and preferences for receiving marketing communications.
Social and community content.
We receive content you post on our social media pages and our community pages.
Business and financial information.
We may receive information about your business, your finances, expenses, invoices, financial statements, details of your financial transactions, payroll details, payment details, tax return details, details about your customers, vendors, or employees, income and wage information, and/or investment information.
Interactions with experts.
The Intuit Platform provides many opportunities for you to connect with live experts, including, for example, accountants or tax preparers. When you interact with these experts, we may receive information about the questions you ask, the details of your accounts, and the guidance provided to you.
Interactions with chatbots.
We may receive information from you through your use of chatbots, digital assistants, or other interactive bots across the Intuit Platform.
Device and contact data.
If you grant permission in your device settings, certain features may have access to your device and contacts.
Business connection data.
We may collect information about you when you interact with the Intuit Platform through our customers. If you are a customer, vendor or prospect of an Intuit customer and interact with the Intuit Platform (for example, to pay an invoice, make a purchase, interact with an email, provide contact details or complete a survey), we will use this information to make recommendations about you to our customers. Our customers may also provide business connection data directly about you to us; this is described below under ‘Other users’.
Third-party sources
The Intuit Platform is designed to help you connect with other people and businesses. As a result of those connections, others may be able to input personal information about you, including other customers using the Intuit Platform. For example, an Intuit customer may share personal information about you with us in order to use and benefit from the Intuit Platform. You also may be able to input or process personal information about others, for example, if you are an account administrator of one of our products or use Intuit to manage customer lists. If you input information about others into the Platform, you must only do so if you have first provided sufficient notice and received any required permissions, and have an appropriate legal basis if required by applicable law.
We may also receive personal information about you from other third parties where you have provided consent or where permitted by applicable law. We protect and process the personal information obtained from those third parties as described in this Privacy Statement, consistent with any additional restrictions imposed by the source of the information. Our third-party sources may vary over time and depend upon how you use the Intuit Platform. For example, we receive information from:
Linked third-party services.
If you choose to sync a non-Intuit account/service with your Intuit account, we will receive information from that account/service according to your settings with that account/service. This may include details of your bank account information, social media information, purchase history or your business’s sales records through a point of sale application.
Supplemental information and identity verification providers.
We work with certain third parties to help us verify your identity, the specifics of your business, and/or supplement the personal information you have provided and ensure the accuracy of your personal information. For example, we use third-party providers to validate your contact information (e.g., name, mailing address, email address, phone number) or to provide additional details about your business. These providers may include, for example, your financial institution, telecommunications provider, or email provider.
Customer support providers.
We receive personal information about you or your interaction with the Intuit Platform from certain third parties for troubleshooting purposes. For example, we may obtain information about your interaction(s) with customer support and information about technical issues you have raised, including call center recordings, call monitoring records, voicemails, photographs and chat records.
Credit bureaus and related third parties.
Many Intuit features rely on information we receive from credit bureaus and related third parties. For example, in some countries, we may offer free credit reports and credit scores. We request these reports and credit scores on your behalf from credit bureau partners, like TransUnion, Experian and Equifax. These partners may also provide personal information such as employment or income data, social security number, vehicle or driver information, or information about special offers available based on your credit profile so we can make more personalized recommendations for you.
Other users.
As described above, we may receive personal information about you from other Intuit Platform users, such as your accountant, bookkeeper, tax preparer, spouse, employer, or other business customers using the Intuit Platform (e.g., businesses from which you buy products or services, or with which you otherwise interact). We may also collect such personal information through features like member referral programs.
Risk management, cybersecurity & anti-fraud providers.
We may receive personal information from third parties that help us assess risks associated with our offerings, including to help combat fraud and illegal activity and to help protect your personal information.
Data providers.
We may receive information from information services and data licensors that provide demographic and preference information to us.
Content providers.
We may receive personal information from companies that make user-generated content from their service available to others, such as local business reviews or public social media posts.
Joint offering partners.
We may offer co-branded services or experiences or engage in joint-marketing activities with others, including through our conferences or live events.
Government agencies.
We receive information from government agencies, including from various tax agencies, such as your tax filing confirmation from the IRS.
Public information.
We collect individual and household demographic information and preference information from publicly available sources, such as open government databases, social media platforms, and others.
Automatic data collection
We, our service providers, and our business partners may automatically log personal information about you, your computer or mobile device, and your interaction over time with the Services, such as:
Device information.
We may collect information about your device(s) such as IP addresses, log information, error messages, device type, and unique device identifiers. For example, we may collect IP addresses from you as part of our sign in and security features.
Usage information.
We may collect information about your use of the Intuit Platform, such as the pages you viewed, the services and features you used or interacted with, your browser type, and details about any links or communications with which you interacted.
Location information.
Certain features in the Intuit Platform may collect your precise location information, device motion information, or both, if you or your organization grant(s) us permission to do so through your device settings (for example, if you use QuickBooks’ time-tracking service, participate in Karma Drive, or use CK Money to locate nearby ATMs).
Information stored locally.
Some of our web-enabled desktop services and offerings synchronize with the information on your computer. In doing so, we may collect information such as device information, product usage, and error reports. We may also store personal information locally on your device.
Communication interaction data.
We or our third-party service providers may collect information from email providers, communication providers and social networks, such as your interactions with our email, text or other communications (e.g., whether you open and/or forward emails) – we may do this through use of pixel tags (which are also known as clear GIFs), which may be embedded invisibly in our emails.
Online behavioral data
. We may automatically collect certain personal information about your use and interactions with our websites, customers’ websites or e-commerce stores, social media websites, and marketing campaigns that we or our customers organize, including device information (such as your IP address and unique device IDs), page view information and search results, links, and if you are a customer contact, whether or not a campaign presented or sent to you using our offerings has been viewed, delivered, opened, clicked on, whether it has bounced or was treated as spam.
Cookies and similar technologies
Intuit and our service providers may use commonly used tools such as cookies, web beacons, pixels, local shared objects and similar technologies (collectively “cookies”) to collect information about you (“
Cookie Information
”) so we can provide the experiences you request, recognize your visit, track your interactions, and improve your and other customers’ experiences. For example, we may use session-replay technologies,
such as those provided by FullStory and Medallia, that employ software code to record users’ interactions with the Services in a manner that allows us to watch video replays of those user sessions. The replays include users’ clicks, mobile app touches, mouse movements, scrolls and keystrokes/key touches during those sessions. These replays help us diagnose usability problems and identify areas for improvement. You can learn more about FullStory at
https://www.fullstory.com/legal/privacy-policy
and you can opt-out of session recording by FullStory at
https://www.fullstory.com/optout/
. You can learn more about Medallia at
https://www.medallia.com/privacy-policy/
.
You have control over some of the information we collect from Cookies and how we use it. Please see Your Personal Information Rights and Choices section for more information. For full details on how we use cookies and similar technologies please see our
Intuit Cookie Policy
. For full details on how we use cookies and similar technologies when you use or interact with our Mailchimp offerings, please also see our
Mailchimp Cookie Statement.
Biometric Information
Certain parts of the Intuit Platform make use of biometric personal information (“
Biometric Information
“). We will not collect your Biometric Information without first providing notice and obtaining your consent. For more details about how we use Biometric Information, please see our
Biometric Notice
.
How we use personal information
We may use your personal information in a number of ways or as otherwise described at the time of collection:
Service delivery and operations. We may use your personal information to:
Provide you with the Intuit Platform, create your account and manage our relationship with you
Run and manage our business, including resolving billing and financial disputes
Evaluate your eligibility for marketing offers, products and services
Provide features to you, such as your free credit reports and scores
Provide a product or service that you have requested through the Intuit Platform
Connect you with experts and other users
Communicate with you, such as sending you electronic notifications concerning your financial privacy
Understand your needs and interests, and personalize your experience with the Services and our communications.
Provide you with support and resolve disputes
Authenticate your identity
Manage event registrations and attendance, including sending related communications to you
Register visitors to our offices for security reasons and manage non-disclosure agreements that visitors may be required to sign
Research and development. We may use your personal information to:
Improve and develop our products and services by analyzing how they are used and interacted with, by training our artificial intelligence models and other machine learning models, as well as by assessing the use of and interactions with our Platform and certain content our customers send or display through the Platform, including by conducting data analytics to develop insights about you, your needs, and your preferences, so we can make more informed predictions, recommendations, and products for our customers.
Please note any data obtained through Google Workspace APIs is not used to develop, improve, or train any generalized AI and/or ML models. Any data originating from the Google Workspace API is instead ingested only by Intuit’s and our third-party providers’ artificial intelligence tools to deliver services on the customer’s behalf and to ensure safety, not for model retraining.
Combine and anonymize information about your interactions with Intuit to create aggregate, anonymized statistics for use in research (including by contracting with academic institutions) and for marketing, promoting, improving, and developing our platform.
Marketing and advertising. We, our service providers and our third-party advertising partners may collect and use your personal information for marketing and advertising purposes to:
Market services, products and experiences, including to deliver gifts and promotional materials, product recommendations and other non-transactional communications via email, post, telephone, SMS or push notifications, in accordance with your marketing preferences.
Personalize your experience and tailor recommendations, advertising, and offers presented to you, including through the development of insights about you and your needs based on your interactions with the Intuit Platform’s products, services, and offerings. These advertisements may be displayed to you on Intuit’s digital properties, including our websites and mobile apps, media platforms, connected devices, or other third-party platforms and channels.
Whistleblower Reporting.
When you report any concern of non-compliance, unethical conduct, or other alleged violation of our
Code of Conduct and Ethics
, personal information you provide will be processed as a part of the investigation of the allegations and retained in accordance with our internal policies until the investigation is complete. While we make every effort to maintain confidentiality, depending on the investigation, disclosing your identity to other individuals may be necessary.
Compliance and protection. We may use your personal information to:
Protect against misuse or abuse of our Services and ensure compliance with our Terms of Service, including in relation to content our customers send or display through the Platform
Comply with legal and regulatory requirements
Protect the rights, property, safety or security of the Intuit Platform, our customers, employees or others and prevent fraudulent or illegal activity
Exercise our rights in the course of judicial, administrative, or arbitration proceedings
Enforce, remedy, or apply our Terms of Service or other agreements
With your consent.
In some cases, we may specifically ask for your consent to use your personal information, such as when required by law.
We may process your personal information for other purposes that are compatible with the above purposes where permitted by applicable law.
Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Automated processing
When you use or interact with features on the Intuit Platform like chatbots, digital assistants, or other digital conversational experiences powered by artificial intelligence, we may process your personal information using automated and manual (human) methods. For example, when we use automated processing on your personal information to provide a more personalized and enhanced experience in the Intuit Platform, you may see instantly tailored recommendations and insights to manage your cash flow and grow your business. Or when we analyze personal information and transactions we have collected or received about you, we can provide you with personalized advice, predictions, recommendations and experiences, including showing your largest tax deductions, sharing how to get your largest tax refund, and providing personalized recommendations for credit products. Certain laws may provide you with the right to object to the automated processing of your personal information. Please review these rights in the “Region and state-specific terms” section below.
How we share your personal information
When you interact with our services.
We may share your personal information in the following circumstances:
For certain product features
. We may use third party API services, such as YouTube and Twilio, for certain product features. If you choose to use those features, you acknowledge and agree that you are also bound by the third party’s privacy policy. You may manage your YouTube API data by visiting Google’s security settings page
here
. You may make choices about your Twilio API data by visiting Twilio’s privacy notice
here
.
When you connect with an Intuit Platform partner.
You may be provided with offers, products, and services from third-party companies who integrate with our Intuit Platform. If you choose to interact with a platform partner, apply for their services or offerings, or otherwise link or sync your account to a platform partner’s product or service, you consent and direct us to share your personal information to the platform partner providing the service or offering. For example, when we send your personal information to partners in order to generate offers for you to review, when we send your application information directly to our partners, or when we send you to the partner’s site for you to provide the information directly to them.
In some cases, if you click through to go to a platform partner’s site, you will automatically be sending your personal information to that platform partner. When this happens, you will still have to submit your application on the platform partner’s site. Remember that any information you provide to a platform partner, whether through us or on your own, will be subject to their privacy practices and terms and conditions.
When you connect to your social media account.
Some of our features enable you to connect to a social media account or share information on social media platforms, like Facebook and Twitter. Any information you choose to share on social media may potentially be visible to a global audience and will be subject to the social media provider’s privacy policies (not this Privacy Statement). You should take care only to share information on social media that you are comfortable sharing.
For joint features, sales, promotions and events.
With your consent we may share your personal information with third parties who are jointly providing features, sales initiatives, promotions or events with us.
When you publicly post the information.
We may provide opportunities for you to publicly post reviews, questions, comments, suggestions, or other content that may include personal information, such as your name or username. Anything you share in a public forum is public, and you should think carefully before you decide to share.
With your wireless carrier.
When you use your wireless device in connection with the Intuit Platform, you authorize your wireless carrier to use or disclose information about your account and your wireless device, if available, to Intuit or its service provider for the duration of your business relationship, solely to help them identify you or your wireless device and to prevent fraud.
When you participate in the short code program
. Personal information collected through the short code program (i.e., when you sign up for SMS texts), will not be shared, sold, or rented to affiliated or unaffiliated third parties for their own marketing purposes.
Other circumstances.
We also share your personal information with third parties in the following circumstances.
For research.
With appropriate controls, we may share information with third parties, such as academic institutions, government and non-profit organizations, for research purposes or to publish academic or policy-related materials. We only share information in a way that does not identify any individual.
With financial services providers.
In connection with our financial products, we may share personal information with collection agencies, credit bureaus and loan services providers, and payment card association members. We may also share your personal information with other companies, lawyers, credit bureaus, agents, government agencies, and card associations in connection with issues related to fraud, credit, defaults, or debt collection.
With service providers or agents.
We share personal information with our service providers or agents who provide services on our behalf for the purposes described in this Privacy Statement. Service providers or agents are required to implement reasonable privacy and information protection controls to maintain the privacy and security of information provided to them consistent with the privacy practices outlined in this Privacy Statement. Service providers or agents may include companies that assist us with our advertising, marketing, and sales efforts, help us with our technology offerings (such as a hosting, security or anti-fraud providers) and help us run our business. Service providers or agents also include AI providers, including generative AI providers.
For mergers and acquisitions.
If we are involved with a merger, asset sale, financing, liquidation, bankruptcy, or the acquisition of all or part of our business to another company, we may share your personal information with that company and its advisors before and after the transaction date.
With our affiliates and subsidiaries and your right to limit information sharing.
We may share your personal information with our affiliates and subsidiaries for everyday business purposes as described in this Statement, including for marketing purposes, for improving and developing our offerings, and for personalizing your experience on our Platform. Certain laws may provide you with the right to limit our information sharing activities in certain circumstances. Please review these rights in the “Region and state-specific terms” section below.
For advertising and analytics.
Intuit may use advertising networks and other providers to display advertising on our Intuit Platform or on other sites. Intuit may share personal information with advertising networks and other providers to tailor advertising and offers presented to you based on your interactions with the Intuit Platform’s products, services, and offerings. Our advertising partners may place cookies on unaffiliated websites in order to serve advertisements that may be relevant to you based on your browsing activities and interests and determine the effectiveness of such advertisements. See also the “Region and state-specific terms” section below for additional information.
Intuit (excluding Credit Karma) responds to the Global Privacy Control signal for US residents, as described further in the United States section below. However, we do not respond to “Do Not Track” signals because there is no formal “Do Not Track” standard.
For legal reasons.
We may share your personal information with third parties for legal reasons without your consent, and as permitted by law, including:
When we reasonably believe disclosure is required in order to comply with a subpoena, court order, or other applicable law, regulation or legal process;
To protect the rights, property, or safety of Intuit, TurboTax, the Intuit Platform, our customers or others;
To protect or defend against attacks;
To enforce, remedy, or apply our Terms of Service or other agreements;
To prevent fraud, cybersecurity attacks or illegal activity;
For debt collection; and
With regulatory agencies, including government tax agencies, as necessary to help detect and combat fraud and/or protect our customers, users and/or the Intuit Platform, or in required institutional risk control programs.
Your personal information rights and choices
Your choices
At Intuit, we believe that you have choices about information that pertains to you or your business.
We provide all customers, including those in the EU, UK (and Gibraltar), and Switzerland, with options to manage the privacy of their personal information.
Update your privacy settings.
You may update your privacy settings by visiting your account settings.
Correct your personal information.
You can edit and correct certain personal information at any time by changing it directly in our products and services.
Access your personal information.
You may download a copy of the personal information we have about you by visiting your account, the
Intuit Privacy Center
, or by calling us toll-free at 1 (877) 261-6470. If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, visit the
Credit Karma Help Center
(for US members), the
Credit Karma UK Help Centre
(for Credit Karma UK members), or the
Credit Karma Canada Help Centre
(for Credit Karma Canada members). If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp, visit the
Mailchimp Privacy Rights Request Page
.
Delete your personal information.
You may ask us to delete your personal information by visiting your account settings or the
Intuit Privacy Center
or calling us toll-free at 1 (877) 261-6470. If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, visit the
Credit Karma Help Center
(for US members), the
Credit Karma UK Help Centre
(for Credit Karma UK members), or the
Credit Karma Canada Help Centre
(for Credit Karma Canada members). If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp, please visit the
Mailchimp Privacy Rights Request Page
.
Cookies and other tracking technologies.
You may be able to opt-out of interest based advertising by visiting the
NAI Opt-Out Page
or the
Choices Opt-Out Page
(or the
Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada Opt-Out Page
, if you are based in Canada) or by visiting the
Intuit Privacy Center
. If you reside in California, Connecticut, Colorado, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah or Virginia, please refer to the relevant sections below under Region and state-specific terms for more information about opting out of tracking for targeted advertising purposes,or opting-out of sales and/or sharing.
Manage marketing communications from us.
To update your marketing communication preferences, you can go to the marketing preference tools in your account settings or you may use the links below. You may also unsubscribe using the link found at the bottom of all marketing and promotional emails. If you receive marketing text messages from us through Intuit’s SMS shortcode program, you may opt out of receiving further marketing text messages from us by replying STOP to the message.
For more information, please visit:
Intuit
communications preferences
Credit Karma US
and
Credit Karma UK
communications preferences
Mailchimp
communications preferences
Your Rights
Depending on where you live, you may also have certain state- or country-specific rights with respect to your personal information. Please see the Region and state-specific terms section for your country, below.
Verification
To help protect privacy and the security of your personal information, you may be asked to provide additional information to verify your identity and/or ownership rights before we can fulfill your data rights request. If we cannot verify your identity or your ownership rights to the data, we may not be able to service your request until you provide proper documentation.
Data retention
Unless you specifically ask us to delete your personal information, we retain your personal information as long as it is necessary to comply with our data retention requirements and provide you with services and the benefits of the Intuit Platform and successfully run our business. Even if you submit a deletion request, we may be required to maintain your personal information for as long as necessary to:
comply with our legal or regulatory compliance needs (e.g., maintaining records of transactions you have made with us);
to exercise, establish or defend legal claims; and/or
to protect against fraudulent or abusive activity on our service.
This means we may keep different information for different periods. If your account is canceled because you haven’t used it for a long time, we may delete this information immediately.
There may be occasions where we are unable to fully delete, anonymize, or de-identify your personal information due to technical, legal, regulatory compliance, or other operational reasons. Where this is the case, we will take reasonable measures to securely isolate your personal information from any further processing until such time as we are able to delete, anonymize, or de-identify it.
International data transfers
Unless you have provided us with consent to transfer your personal information, US Tax Preparation Information shall be processed and stored in the United States in accordance with applicable law.
With the exception noted above, Intuit reserves the right to store and process your personal information in the United States and in any other country where Intuit or its affiliates, subsidiaries, or service providers operate facilities in accordance with and as permitted by applicable laws and regulations. Some of these countries may have data protection laws that are different from the laws of your country (and, in some cases, may not be as protective).
When we transfer, store or process personal information outside of your jurisdiction (including to or in the United States, as described above), we take appropriate safeguards to require that your personal information remain protected in accordance with this Privacy Statement and applicable law.
Some of these recipients of your personal information are located in countries for which the European Commission, the UK (and Gibraltar) Government, and the Swiss Government (as and where applicable) have issued adequacy decisions, which means that these countries are recognized as providing an adequate level of data protection under applicable UK (and Gibraltar), European, and Swiss data protection laws and the transfer is therefore permitted under Article 45 of the GDPR.
Other recipients of your personal information are located in countries outside the EEA and/or the UK that are not the subject of an adequacy decision. In these cases, we may use the Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the European Commission or, as may be applicable, the International Data Transfer Agreement approved by the UK Government, to help ensure your personal information is protected. For more information on the transfer safeguards we rely on, please contact us by using the details in the “How to contact us” section below.
Intuit (excluding Credit Karma) and Mailchimp comply with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union (EU), the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar), and Switzerland to the United States. Intuit and Mailchimp rely on the EU-U.S. DPF to transfer data and will rely on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and Swiss-U.S. DPF once approved by the appropriate authorities. We are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission. You can find more information about Intuit’s and Mailchimp’s Data Privacy Framework certification
here
.
Security of your personal information
We use reasonable physical, technical and organizational safeguards that are designed to protect your personal information. However, despite these controls, we cannot completely ensure or warrant the security of your personal information. You can find out more about how we protect your personal information
here
.
Changes to our Privacy Statements
From time to time we may change or update our Privacy Statement. We reserve the right to make changes or updates at any time. If we make material changes to the way we process your personal information, we will notify you by posting a notice in the Intuit Platform or on a community post; by sending you a notification; or by other means consistent with applicable law.
You can see when this Privacy Statement was last updated by checking the “last updated” date at the top of this Privacy Statement. Please review this Privacy Statement periodically to stay informed about how Intuit protects your privacy.
Children
Our services are not intended for or directed to children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children. If you believe we may have information from a child, please contact us.
How to contact us
If you have questions or comments about this Privacy Statement or our practices, please contact us.
You can submit Intuit privacy questions.
Submit your privacy question here
You can submit Credit Karma privacy questions.
Submit your privacy question here
You can submit Mailchimp privacy questions.
Submit your privacy question here
If you have an unresolved privacy or information use concern or complaint that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
.
Region and state-specific terms
Additional terms may apply to you based upon the country you reside in or the products you use. Please click the region or state that applies to you to learn more about additional terms and rights that may apply to you.
Expand All
Collapse All
United States
If you are a resident of the United States, you may have the following rights and choices:
US Tax Preparation Information
Except as necessary to provide you with tax preparation services or as authorized by law, we will not use or disclose your Tax Preparation Information – including to Intuit’s affiliates and subsidiaries – unless you consent.
If you agree to share your Tax Preparation Information for purposes other than tax preparation services, including by sharing it with the Intuit Platform, your Tax Preparation Information will be handled in accordance with this Privacy Statement.
Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act
Intuit is a financial institution subject to the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA).
By using, accessing, or interacting with the Intuit Platform, you are consenting to receive notices about your financial privacy electronically.
Please find our GLBA Notice
here
.
California Residents
Scope.
This section applies only to California residents. It describes how we collect, use, and share Personal Information of California residents in our capacity as a “business” under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“
CCPA
”) and your rights with respect to that Personal Information. For purposes of this section, the term “
Personal Information
” has the meaning given in the CCPA, but does not include information exempted from the scope of the CCPA. Please note that we may claim legal exemptions for certain types of personal information and certain Intuit companies from all or certain parts of the CCPA, such as information subject to the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) and other data protection laws. In some cases, we may provide a different privacy notice to certain categories of California residents, such as employees and job applicants, in which case that notice will apply instead of this section.
Personal Information that we collect, use, and disclose.
The chart
here
summarizes the Personal Information we collect by reference to the categories of Personal Information specified in the CCPA, and describes our practices currently and during the 12 months preceding the effective date of this Privacy Statement. Information you voluntarily provide to us, such as in free-form webforms, may contain other categories of personal information not described in this chart.
Your California privacy rights. As a California resident, you have the rights listed below. However, these rights are not absolute, and in certain cases we may decline your request as permitted by law.
Access.
You may request that we provide the following information about how we have collected and used your Personal Information during the past 12 months:
○              the categories of Personal Information we have collected about you,
○              the sources from which that information was collected,
○              the business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling, and/or sharing your Personal Information,
○              the categories of personal information we shared or sold about you,
○              the categories of third parties to whom we shared or sold personal information about you,
○              the categories of personal information we disclosed for a business purpose, and
○              the categories of third parties to whom we disclosed personal information about you for a business purpose.
Request a copy of your Personal Information.
You may request a copy of the Personal Information in
your Intuit account
or visit our
Intuit Privacy Center
or call us toll-free at 1 (877) 261-6470. If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, visit the
Credit Karma Help Center
or email us at
CCPArequests@creditkarma.com
.
If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp, visit the
Mailchimp Privacy Rights Request Page
.
Correction.
You can edit and correct your personal information at any time by changing it directly in our products and services.
Deletion
. You may have the right, under certain circumstances, to request that we delete the personal information you have provided to us. You may delete your personal information in the Privacy section of
your Intuit account
or visit our
Intuit Privacy Center
or call us toll-free at 1 (877) 261-6470. If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, visit the
Credit Karma Help Center
or email us at
CCPArequests@creditkarma.com
.
If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp,visit the
Mailchimp Privacy Rights Request Page
.
Opt-out of Sales and/or Sharing.
Like many companies, Intuit and Mailchimp use services that help deliver interest-based ads to you as described above. The California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) may classify our use of some of these services as “sharing” your Personal Information with the advertising partners that provide the services. You can opt-out of the “sharing” of your personal information by visiting the “Your California Privacy Rights” link in the footer of the Intuit website.
In addition, if you have enabled a recognized opt-out mechanism on your browser, device, or platform, you will automatically be opted out of any “sharings” when you interact with our Services. Please go here to learn more about enabling one such preference signal, the Global Privacy Control:
https://globalprivacycontrol.org/#download
. Intuit and Mailchimp do not sell personal information under the CCPA. Credit Karma does not sell or share personal information subject to the CCPA, and therefore does not offer a “Your California Privacy Rights” link on its website. We do not knowingly sell or share the personal information of individuals under 16 years of age.
Limit processing of sensitive personal information.
Some of the personal information that we may collect are considered sensitive personal information under the CCPA. We collect sensitive personal information for the purposes allowed by law or with your consent. We only use sensitive personal information as necessary for our (1) Service delivery and operations, (2) compliance and protection, (3) research and development, or (4) Service improvement and analytics purposes in accordance with CCPA. If we use sensitive personal information outside the permitted purposes of the CCPA, we will provide you with the right to limit processing of sensitive personal information.
California Shine the Light.
Customers who are California residents may request certain information concerning the categories of personal information (if any) we disclose to third parties or affiliates for their direct marketing purposes. If you would like more information, please submit a written request to us using the contact information provided below.
Non-discrimination
. You have the right to be free from discrimination or retaliation related to your exercise of any of your California privacy rights.
Verification.
In order to protect your personal information from unauthorized access or deletion, we may require you to verify your credentials before you can submit a rights request. If you do not have an account with us, or if we suspect your account has been accessed without your authorization, we may ask you to provide additional personal information for verification. For Credit Karma members, we may require that you confirm certain pieces of personal information that we have on file and/or log into your Credit Karma account. If we are subsequently unable to confirm your identity, we may refuse your rights request.
Authorized agents.
You may use an authorized agent to submit a rights request. If you do so, the authorized agent must present signed written authorization to act on your behalf, and you will also be required to independently verify your own identity directly with us and confirm with us that you provided the authorized agent permission to submit the rights request. This verification process is not necessary if your authorized agent provides documentation showing that the authorized agent has power of attorney to act on your behalf under Cal. Prob. Code §§ 4121 to 4130.
Learn more about instructions for authorized agents.
We may deny a request from an agent that does not submit adequate proof that they have been authorized by you to act on your behalf.
Transparency matters.
Learn more about the requests we process by viewing our
Privacy Rights Transparency Report
.
Colorado, Connecticut, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah, Virginia Residents
Scope.
This section applies only to the residents of Colorado, Connecticut, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah, and Virginia. It describes how we collect, use, and share Personal Data of state residents described in this subsection in our capacity as a business or controller under the corresponding state privacy laws, including Colorado Privacy Rights Act, Connecticut Data Privacy Act, Montana Consumer Data Privacy Act, Oregon Consumer Privacy Act, Texas Data Privacy and Security Act, Utah Consumer Privacy Act, and Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (collectively, “Applicable State Privacy Laws”), and your rights with respect to that Personal Data. For purposes of this section, the term “Personal Data” has the meaning given in the Applicable State Privacy Laws but does not include information or entities exempted from the scope of the Applicable State Privacy Laws, such as those subject to GLBA. Please note that we may claim legal exemptions for certain types of personal information and certain Intuit companies from all or certain parts of the Applicable State Privacy Laws.
Personal Information that we collect, use, and disclose
. The chart
here
summarizes the Personal Information we collect and describes our practices currently and during the 12 months preceding the effective date of this Privacy Statement. Information you voluntarily provide to us, such as in free-form webforms, may contain other categories of personal information not described in this chart.
Your privacy rights.
As a resident of Colorado, Connecticut, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah or Virginia, you may have the rights listed below. However, these rights are not absolute, and in certain cases we may decline your request as permitted by law.
Access
. You may request a copy of the Personal Information in
your Intuit account
or visit our
Intuit Privacy Center
or call us toll-free at 1 (877) 261-6470. If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, visit the
Credit Karma Help Center
or email us at
CCPArequests@creditkarma.com
.
If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp,visit the
Mailchimp Privacy Rights Request Page
.
Correction
. You can edit and correct your personal information at any time by changing it directly in our products and services.
Deletion
. You may have the right, under certain circumstances, to request that we delete the personal information you have provided to us. You may delete your personal information in the Privacy section of
your Intuit account
or visit our
Intuit Privacy Center
or call us toll-free at 1 (877) 261-6470. If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, visit the
Credit Karma Help Center
or email us at
CCPArequests@creditkarma.com
.
If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp,visit the
Mailchimp Privacy Rights Request Page
.
Opt-out of tracking for targeted advertising purposes
. You can submit requests to opt-out of tracking for targeted advertising purposes by visiting the “Manage Cookies” or “Privacy Settings” link in the footer of the Intuit website. For Mailchimp, you can submit requests to opt-out of tracking for targeted advertising purposes by visiting the “Cookie Preferences” link in the footer of the
Mailchimp website
. Intuit, Mailchimp and Credit Karma do not otherwise “sell your Personal Data to third parties for monetary consideration.
Opt-out of profiling
. You can opt-out of the automated processing of your Personal Data to evaluate, analyze, or predict personal aspects related to your economic situation, health, personal preferences, interests, reliability, behavior, location, or movements, to the extent this results in decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects.
Sensitive Personal Data
. Some of the personal information that we may collect may be considered sensitive personal information under certain state privacy laws. We will not process your sensitive personal data without your consent.
Non-discrimination
. You have the right to be free from discrimination related to your exercise of any of your privacy rights.
Appeal
. If we decline to take action on any request that you submit in connection with the rights described above, you may ask that we reconsider our response by submitting a written request to us using the contact information provided below. We will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If the appeal is denied, we will also provide you with an online mechanism, if available, or other method through which you may contact your state attorney general’s office to submit a complaint.
Authentication.
In order to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access or deletion, we may require you to verify your credentials before you can submit a rights request. If you do not have an account with us, or if we suspect that your account has been accessed without your authorization, we may ask you to provide additional personal information for verification. For Credit Karma members, we may require that you confirm certain pieces of personal information that we have on file and/or log into your Credit Karma account. If we are subsequently unable to confirm your identity, we may refuse your rights request.
Transparency matters.
Learn more about the requests we process by viewing our
Privacy Rights Transparency Report
.
United States contact information:
Intuit Inc.
Attention: Privacy
2800 E Commerce Center Place
Tucson, AZ 85706
You can contact the Intuit Data Protection Officer
here.
Credit Karma LLC
Attention: Legal Department
PO Box 30963
Oakland CA 94604
legal@creditkarma.com
Mailchimp
The Rocket Science Group LLC d/b/a Mailchimp
Attn: Privacy Officer
405 North Angier Ave. NE,
Atlanta, GA 30308
You can contact the Mailchimp Data Protection Officer
here
.
Australia
If you are a resident of Australia, you may have the following rights and choices:
Update your privacy settings.
You may update your privacy settings by visiting your account settings.
Manage marketing communications from us.
To update your marketing communication preferences, you can go to the marketing preference tools in your account settings.
Access, Correction or Deletion.
You may request to access, to correct or to delete your personal information. You can edit and correct your personal information at any time by changing it directly in our products and services. To make a request for access or deletion of your personal information, contact us through the link below.
Objection and Restriction.
You may object to our processing of your personal information, including for marketing purposes, or ask us to restrict processing of your personal information. To object to data processing or request a restriction, contact us through the link below. If you request that we stop processing some or all of your personal information or you withdraw (where applicable) your consent for our use or disclosure of your personal information for purposes set out in this privacy notice, we might not be able to provide you all of the Services and customer support offered to our users and authorized under this Notice.
Australia contact information:
Visit the QuickBooks Australia website to learn how to contact their support team.
Go to QuickBooks Australia
Intuit Australia Pty. Limited
Level 34, 1 O'Connell St.
Sydney, NSW 2000 Australia
Canada
While we take steps to maintain protection of your personal information, your personal information may be disclosed in response to valid demands or requests from governments, regulators, courts and law enforcement authorities in those other jurisdictions or countries.
If you are a resident of Canada, you may have the following rights and choices:
Update your privacy settings.
You may update your privacy settings by visiting your account settings.
Manage marketing communications from us.
To update your marketing communication preferences, you can go to the marketing preference tools in your account settings. You may also click unsubscribe at the bottom of the marketing emails.
Cookies and other tracking technologies.
You may be able to opt-out of interest based advertising by visiting the
Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada Opt-Out Page
,
NAI Opt-Out Page
and the
Choices Opt-Out Page
.
Access, Correction or Deletion.
You may make a request to access, to correct or to delete your personal information (provided we no longer have a business need to retain your personal information). You may request a copy of the Personal Information or delete the personal information in
your Intuit account
. If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, visit the
Credit Karma Help Center
. If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp,visit the
Mailchimp Privacy Rights Request Page
. You can edit and correct your personal information at any time by changing it directly in our products and services. Even if you request for your personal information to be deleted, certain aspects may be retained for us to: meet our legal or regulatory compliance (e.g. maintaining records of transactions you have made with us); exercise, establish or defend legal claims; and to protect against fraudulent or abusive activity on the Intuit Platform. Data retained for these purposes will be handled as described in “Data Retention”.
Withdraw consent.
You can withdraw your consent at any time to collection, use and disclosure of your personal information. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
File a complaint.
You have the right to file a complaint with the applicable Privacy Commissioner about our collection and processing of your personal information.
Canada contact information:
Intuit Canada
Attention: Privacy
8 Spadina Ave.
Suite 1900
Toronto, Ontario
M5V 0S8
You can contact the Intuit Data Protection Officer
here
.
Credit Karma LLC
Attention: Privacy Officer
PO Box 30963
Oakland CA 94604
legal@creditkarma.com
If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, you can visit the
Credit Karma Help Centre
.
You can also email the Credit Karma Canada Privacy Officer by writing to
legal@creditkarma.ca
.
The Rocket Science Group LLC d/b/a Mailchimp
Attn: Privacy Officer
405 North Angier Ave. NE,
Atlanta, GA 30308 USA
If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp, you can visit the
Mailchimp Help Centre
,
or submit a question
here
.
India
Where data of Indian individuals are involved, you hereby agree that the “reasonable security practices and procedures” under section 43A Explanation (ii) of the Information Technology Act, 2000 means this Intuit’s Privacy Statement and such data security procedures that Intuit may implement from time to time and which may, in Intuit’s discretion, be informed to you from time to time.
What you can do to manage your privacy
You have choices when it comes to managing the privacy of your personal information.
Update your privacy settings.
You may update your privacy settings by visiting your account settings.
Manage marketing communications from us.
To update your marketing communication preferences, you can go to the marketing preference tools in your account settings.
Correct your personal information.
You can edit and correct your personal information at any time by changing it directly in our products and services.
India contact information
Visit the QuickBooks India website to learn how to contact their support team.
Go to QuickBooks India
Intuit Technology Services Private Limited
Campus 4A, PrITech Park (Ecospace)
7th and 8th Floor, Belandur Village
Varthur Hobli, Bangalore East Taluk
Bangalore - 560 103 India
United Kingdom (and Gibraltar)(UK), European Economic Area (EEA), and Switzerland
Personal Information
References to “personal information” in this Privacy Statement are equivalent to “personal data” governed by EU and UK data protection laws. Essentially, “personal data” is information about an individual, where that individual is either directly identified or can be identified. It does not include ‘anonymous data’ (i.e., information where the identity of an individual has been permanently removed).
Legal Basis of Processing
We use your personal information only as permitted by law. Applicable EEA, UK(and Gibraltar) and Swiss data protection law requires us to have a “legal basis” for each purpose for which we collect your personal information. Our legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this Privacy Statement will depend on the type of personal information and the specific context in which we collect it. However, we will normally process personal information from you when:
We have your consent to do so;
We have a contract with you and it is necessary to process your personal information to perform our contract with you, including to provide you with the benefits of the Intuit Platform and operate our business;
The processing is in our legitimate business interests, such as operating our businesses, improving and developing the Intuit Platform, communicating with you, marketing our offerings and services and personalizing your experience, and to detect illegal activities; and/or
To comply with legal requirements, including applicable laws and regulations.
For residents in the UK searching for financial or other products (including energy, internet, or mobile phone offers) through the Intuit Platform, we may share your personal information, including your contact details, date of birth, as well as the information you give us about your employment, income, and housing and employment expenses with third parties, including HD Decisions, Capital One, Monevo, CarFinance 247, and Decision Tech. You can find more information about their data protection practices in their privacy policies:
HD Decisions
Capital One
Monevo
CarFinance 247
Decision Tech
If you are a resident of the UK(and Gibraltar), the EEA or Switzerland you may have the following rights and choices:
Update your privacy settings.
You may update your privacy settings by visiting your account settings.
Access, Correction or Deletion.
You may request to access, to correct or to delete your personal information.
You may request a copy of your personal information in the Privacy tab of your account or by visiting our
GDPR Centre
(UK) or
GDPR Centre
(FR) or
GDPR Centre
(EU&Switzerland). If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma UK, you may request a copy of your personal information by visiting Credit Karma’s
Help Centre
. If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp, you may request a copy of your personal information by visiting
Mailchimp’s Privacy Rights Request page
.
You can edit and correct your personal information at any time by changing it directly in our products and services.
You may request for us to delete your personal information in the Privacy tab of your account or through our
GDPR Centre
(UK) or
GDPR Centre
(FR) or
GDPR Centre
(EU & Switzerland). If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma UK, you may request for us to delete your personal information by visiting Credit Karma’s
Help Centre
. If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp, you may request for us to delete your personal information by visiting
Mailchimp’s Privacy Rights Request page
. Please note that even if you request for your personal information to be deleted, certain aspects may be retained for us to: meet our legal or regulatory compliance (e.g. maintaining records of transactions you have made with us); exercise, establish or defend legal claims; and to protect against fraudulent or abusive activity on our Service. Data retained for these purposes will be handled as described in the section “Data Retention”.
Objection and Restriction.
You may object to our processing of your personal information or ask us to restrict processing of your personal information.
Portability.
You may request portability of your personal information.
Withdraw Consent.
If we process your personal information with your consent, you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
File a complaint.
You have the right to file a complaint with a supervisory authority about our collection and processing of your personal information. You can find your data protection regulator
here
.
Manage marketing communications from us.
To update your marketing communication preferences, you can go to the marketing preference tools in your account settings or visit our
GDPR Centre
(UK) or
GDPR Centre
(FR) or
GDPR Centre
(EU & Switzerland) or
edit your email preferences for Mailchimp using the instructions found here.
. You may also click unsubscribe at the bottom of the marketing emails.
Cookies and other tracking technologies.
You may be able to opt-out of such interest-based advertising by visiting
Network Advertising Initiative
or
Your Online Choices
or by visiting our
GDPR Centre
(UK) or
GDPR Centre
(FR) or
GDPR Centre
(EU & Switzerland). For Mailchimp, you can submit requests to opt-out of tracking for targeted advertising purposes by visiting the “Cookie Preferences” link in the footer of the
Mailchimp website
.
UK, EEA and Swiss Representative
In the EEA: Intuit Inc., Intuit Limited and Mailchimp have each appointed Intuit France SAS as its Representative in the European Union in accordance with Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (the "GDPR") (contact details can be found in the section below).
In the UK: Intuit Inc., and Mailchimp have each appointed Intuit Limited as its Representative in the UK in accordance with UK GDPR (contact details can be found in the section below)
United Kingdom, EEA and Switzerland contact information
Intuit Limited
Attention: Intuit Data Protection Administration,
Cardinal Place, 80 Victoria Street, London,
United Kingdom, SW1E 5JL
https://quickbooks.intuit.com/uk/gdpr/
Credit Karma UK Limited
4th Floor
One New Oxford Street
London WC1A 1NU
Intuit France SAS
Intuit Data Protection Administration
﻿7 Rue Meyerbeer 75009 Paris, France
https://quickbooks.intuit.com/fr/gdpr/
or
https://quickbooks.intuit.com/eu/gdpr/
If you have questions or concerns that have not been addressed by this Privacy Statement, you can contact the Intuit and Mailchimp Data Protection Officer
here
,
the Credit Karma Data Protection Officer by writing to
dpo@creditkarma.com
.
Cookies and Tracking Technologies
Intuit digital properties use cookies, pixels, tags and similar technologies to provide you the best possible experience on and off our sites. You may opt-out of the use of cookies and trackers that may share some limited personal information with our third party advertising partners using the option below. For more information on how we use Cookies and Tracking Technologies, please review our
Cookies Policy.
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with the services and features  available through our site. Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the site, you cannot refuse them without impacting how the site functions.
Advertising (Targeting) Cookies
These cookies are used to make advertising messages more relevant to you and your interests. They also perform functions like preventing the same ad from continuously reappearing, ensuring that ads are properly displayed, and in some cases selecting advertisements that are based on your interests.
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label