You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: July 26, 2024
Introduction
Pagent Social Corp. and our affiliates and subsidiaries ("Company" or "We") respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it by complying with this policy.
This policy describes:
How we collect, use, disclose, and protect the personal information of our customers and website users ("you").
The types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit the website Pagent.tv (our "Website").
Our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information.
Privacy laws in Canada generally define "personal information" as any information about an identifiable individual, which includes information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person. Personal information does not include business contact information, including your name, title, or business contact information.
This policy applies to information we collect, use, or disclose about you:
On this Website.
In email, text, and other electronic messages between you and this Website.
Through mobile and desktop applications you download from this Website, which provide dedicated non-browser-based interaction between you and this Website.
When you interact with our advertising and applications on third-party websites and services if those applications or advertising include links to this policy.
The Website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins, services, social networks, or applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow the third party to collect or share data about you. If you follow a link to a third-party website or engage a third-party plugin, please note that these third parties have their own privacy policies and we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies.
Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices for collecting, processing, and storing your information. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Website. By accessing or using this Website, you indicate that you understand, accept, and consent to the practices described in this policy.
Information We Collect About You
We collect several types of information from and about you, including:
Personal Information
Information that we can reasonably use to directly or indirectly identify you, such as your name, mailing address, e-mail address, telephone number, Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, user name or other similar identifier, and any other identifier we may use to contact you.
We provide an opportunity for any user to unsubscribe from our email list or opt-out of contact on an ongoing basis by accessing our Website, or using the unsubscribe mechanism at the bottom of our e-mails.
Non-personal Information
Information that does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity or directly relate to an identifiable individual, such as demographic information, or statistical or aggregated information. Statistical or aggregated data does not directly identify a specific person, but we may derive non-personal statistical or aggregated data from personal information. For example, we may aggregate personal information to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific Website feature.
Technical Information
Including your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform, or information about your internet connection, the equipment you use to access our Website, and usage details.
Usage Details
Non-personal details about your Website interactions, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URLs), clickstream to, through and from our Website (including date and time), products you viewed or searched for, page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), methods used to browse away from the page, or any phone number used to call our customer service number.
How We Collect Information About You
We use different methods to collect your information, including through:
Direct interactions with you when you provide it to us, for example, by filling in forms or corresponding with us by phone, email, or otherwise.
Automated technologies or interactions, as you navigate through our Website. Information collected automatically may include usage details, IP addresses, and information collected through cookies, and other tracking technologies.
Third parties or publicly available sources, for example, our business partners.
Information You Provide to Us
The information we collect directly from you on or through our Website may include:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our Website
Records and copies of your correspondence (including email addresses), if you contact us
Your responses to surveys that we might ask you to complete for research purposes
Your search queries on the Website
Information We Collect Through Cookies and Other Automatic Data Collection Technologies
As you navigate through and interact with our Website, we may use cookies or other automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns, including:
Details of your visits to our Website, including traffic data, location data, logs, and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Website
Information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system, and browser type
We may also use these technologies to collect information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites or other online services (behavioral tracking).
Technologies we use may include:
Cookies (browser cookies)
: A small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser.
Flash Cookies
: Certain features of our Website may use local stored objects to collect and store information about your preferences.
Web Beacons
: Small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit the Company to count users and for other related website statistics.
How We Use Your Information
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information:
To present our Website and its contents to you
To provide you with information, products, or services that you request from us
To fulfill the purposes for which you provided the information or that were described when it was collected
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts with you
To notify you about changes to our Website or any products or services we offer
To improve our Website, products or services, marketing, or customer relationships
To allow you to participate in interactive features, social media, or similar features on our Website
To measure or understand the effectiveness of the advertising we serve to you and others
In any other way we may describe when you provide the information
For any other purpose with your consent
Disclosure of Your Information
We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction.
We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this privacy policy:
To our subsidiaries and affiliates
In accordance with applicable law, to a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Pagent Social Corp's assets
To advertisers and advertising networks that require the information to select and serve relevant advertisements to you and others
To third parties to market their products or services to you if you have not opted out of these disclosures
To contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information
With your consent
We may also disclose your personal information:
To comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request
To enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes
If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Pagent Social Corp., our customers, or others
Transferring Your Personal Information
We may transfer personal information that we collect or that you provide as described in this policy to contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business and who are contractually obligated to keep personal information confidential, use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them, and to process the personal information with the same standards set out in this policy.
We may process, store, and transfer your personal information in and to a foreign country, with different privacy laws that may or may not be as comprehensive as Canadian law. In these circumstances, the governments, courts, law enforcement, or regulatory agencies of that country may be able to obtain access to your personal information through the laws of the foreign country.
By submitting your personal information or engaging with the Website, you consent to this transfer, storage, or processing.
Data Security
The security of your personal information is very important to us. We use physical, electronic, and administrative measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure.
The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our Website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the Internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Website. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk.
Data Retention
Except as otherwise permitted or required by applicable law or regulation, we will only retain your personal information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
Under some circumstances we may anonymize your personal information so that it can no longer be associated with you. We reserve the right to use such anonymous and de-identified data for any legitimate business purpose without further notice to you or your consent.
Accessing and Correcting Your Personal Information
It is important that the personal information we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your personal information changes. By law you have the right to request access to and to correct the personal information that we hold about you.
If you want to review, verify, correct, or withdraw consent to the use of your personal information you may also send us an email using the "Contact Us" feature to request access to, correct, or delete any personal information that you have provided to us.
We may request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and your right to access, and to provide you with the personal information that we hold about you or make your requested changes.
Withdrawing Your Consent
Where you have provided your consent to the collection, use, and transfer of your personal information, you may have the legal right to withdraw your consent under certain circumstances. To withdraw your consent, if applicable, contact us at the "Contact Us" page.
Please note that if you withdraw your consent we may not be able to provide you with a particular product or service. We will explain the impact to you at the time to help you with your decision.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
It is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page. If we make material changes to how we treat our users' personal information, we will notify you through a notice on the Website home page.
We include the date the privacy policy was last revised at the top of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date, active, and deliverable email address for you, and for periodically visiting our Website and this privacy policy to check for any changes.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, please contact us at:
privacy@pagent.com
Visit Help Center
We will respond to your request within a reasonable timeframe.