PRIVACY POLICY
Kudo Trade (Mauritius) Ltd. is dedicated to safeguarding the confidentiality of all personal data it collects from individuals, whether obtained through website visits or the provision of other services.
PRIVACY AND SECURITY POLICY OF KUDO TRADE (MAURITIUS) LTD.
Kudo Trade (Mauritius) Ltd. (“we”, “us” or “Kudotrade”) is an international company authorised and regulated by the Financial Services Commission of Mauritius under license number GB24203599, with registered address 6 St Denis Street, 1st Floor River Court, Port Louis, Mauritius. Our primary objective is to assist traders and Introducing Brokers (IBs) in achieving their business objectives and personal aspirations. We prioritize integrity and trust, offering a blend of innovative products, competitive trading conditions, and high-quality, personalized service. Our mission at Kudotrade is to empower FOREX traders and IBs to realize their personal and business aspirations by combining innovative products with competitive trading conditions and exceptional customer service.
COMMITMENT
Kudotrade is committed to protecting the privacy of all personal information which it obtains from you, including the information obtained during your visits to this website or the provision of other services to you. Kudotrade will only use your personal information in accordance with this Privacy and Security Policy and otherwise in accordance with the Privacy and Data Protection Act in Mauritius.
KUDOTRADE COLLECT PERSONAL INFORMATION
Kudotrade collects certain personal information in order that it may meet the needs of its customers. By collecting certain personal information, Kudotrade can monitor and improve the services which it offers to its existing and potential customers. We will use this information for the following purposes: establishing and maintaining your account, providing our services to you, improving our services, regulatory notifications and marketing.
WHAT INFORMATION DOES KUDOTRADE OBTAIN?
Kudotrade will collect and hold information about you when you complete an online application or other type of form or access and trade on your account through this website or another service, we provide to you. Kudotrade may derive information from your use of this website or another service we provide to you and may store this information with your personal profile. This information may include site areas visited, pages viewed, frequency and duration of visits, types of transactions conducted, documents downloaded and other websites which may have referred you or to which you link.
HOW WILL WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
We may use such information for any one or more of the following purposes:
to provide the services to you that you have requested including processing transactions.
to confirm your identity.
to maintain your personal profile; to manage your account.
to contact you when necessary or appropriate in relation to the services being provided to you.
to keep you updated whilst you are a customer in relation to matters such as contracts you have traded and activities of Kudotrade.
to manage and administer the products and services provided to you.
to provide you with information regarding the products and services offered by Kudotrade; to develop an understanding of the products and services that you may be interested in obtaining from Kudotrade.
to provide you with information or opportunities that we believe may be relevant to you.
to tailor the website or other service we provide to you to your needs and interests; and
to create anonymized statistical data.
By agreeing to our terms, you authorize the use of your personal data for the mentioned purposes. You also agree to the transfer of your personal information outside of Mauritius, if required for Kudotrade to fulfill its contractual commitments to you. It’s important to note that Kudotrade only transfers personal data to organizations outside of Mauritius after ensuring that these organizations have implemented adequate controls and measures to safeguard your personal information.
WHO MAY WE DISCLOSE YOUR INFORMATION TO?
Kudotrade may need to share your personal information with regulatory and governmental authorities when required. Additionally, your personal data may be disclosed to;
Financial institutions and similar entities as part of regular business operations or at your direction.
External service providers and professional advisors, including those located overseas, who assist Kudotrade.
Organizations you request or individuals acting on your behalf, such as financial advisors or legal representatives.
Third parties involved in processing transactions or providing requested services.
Authorities to whom Kudotrade is legally obligated to disclose such information.
It’s important to note that Kudotrade does not sell or provide your personal information to third parties for marketing purposes.
UPDATING YOUR INFORMATION
You may inform Kudotrade at any time that your personal details have changed or that you wish Kudotrade delete personal information we hold about you by emailing us at (email). Kudotrade will change or delete your personal information in accordance with your instructions, except to the extent that we are required to hold your personal information for regulatory or legal purposes, to provide you with the services you have requested or to maintain adequate business records.
LINKS
When you use this website or other service we provide to you, you may be able to link to other websites. This Privacy Policy does not apply to those sites. Kudotrade encourages you to read the privacy policies on such sites.
COOKIES
Kudotrade utilizes cookies to gather information regarding your usage of this website and other services provided to you. Cookies, which consist of small pieces of data with unique identification tags, are stored on your device when you use our website or services. These cookies collect statistical data and information about how you interact with our services. Most internet browsers are configured to accept cookies. However, if you prefer not to receive cookies, you may adjust your browser settings to refuse them or to receive notifications each time a cookie is sent to your device. Keep in mind that this may impact the quality of the services we offer you in relation to your account.
SECURITY
Kudotrade places great importance on security and adheres to industry best practices for information security to safeguard your personal data and prevent unauthorized access. These measures encompass encrypting data during transmission, implementing robust authentication methods, and ensuring secure access to machines and data.
WHAT ARE YOUR RIGHTS?
You need not give us any of the personal information requested by Kudotrade. However, without that information, Kudotrade may be unable to open an account for you, where the information is requested in an application form, or to provide you with any other services, information or assistance you have sought. Should you have any questions or complaints about your privacy please contact us. If a complaint is not resolved by Kudotrade to your satisfaction, you may complain to the Information Commissioner.
Under data protection legislation, you have (subject to certain exceptions) the right to obtain copies of any personal information which Kudotrade holds about you and to inform Kudotrade of any inaccuracy.
If you have a request, please contact us to obtain a subject access request form.
We may charge a nominal fee to cover the cost of verifying the application and locating, retrieving, reviewing and copying any material requested.
YOUR CONSENT
By accessing this website or other service we provide to you, you consent to Kudotrade collecting, maintaining, using and disclosing personal information about you and provided by you or by another person as described above.
AMENDMENTS TO THIS POLICY
Kudotrade reserves the right to update this Privacy and Security Policy periodically for any reason. Any changes will be communicated by posting an updated version of the policy on this website. It is your responsibility to regularly review this policy. By continuing to use this website or any other services provided after any changes are made, you agree to accept those changes.