Privacy Policy
Itzo Games | Mobile Apps and Games
Mobile Games / Apps iOS
Mobile Games / Apps Android
Welcome to our Privacy Policy!
Please check our
terms of use
here!
We care deeply about the privacy of our visitors and users, and is fully committed to protect their personal information and use it properly in compliance with data privacy laws. This policy describes how we may collect and use personal information, and the rights and choices available to our visitors and users regarding such information. We believe you have a right to know our practices regarding information we may collect and use when you use our Apps (defined below).
We strongly urge you to read this policy and make sure you fully understand it, before you access or use any of our services.
The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to provide you with a clear explanation of when, why and how we collect and use your personal information, as well as an explanation of your statutory rights. This Privacy Policy is not intended to override the terms of any contract you have with us, nor any rights you might have under applicable data privacy laws.
Read this policy and make sure you fully understand our practices in relation to your personal information, before you access or use any of our Services. If you read and fully understand this Privacy Policy, and email opposed to our practices, you must immediately leave this website, application or service, and avoid or discontinue all use of any of our Services. If you have any questions or concerns regarding this policy, please contact us at info@itzogames.com.
By accessing or using any of our services, you acknowledge that you have read this Privacy Policy.
Your consent (important, please read carefully!)
BY INSTALLING THE APPS ON YOUR MOBILE DEVICE, ENTERING INTO, CONNECTING TO, ACCESSING AND/OR USING THE APPS, YOU AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY, INCLUDING TO THE POSSIBLE COLLECTION AND PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION. PLEASE NOTE: IF YOU OR, AS APPLICABLE, YOUR LEGAL GUARDIAN, DISAGREE TO ANY TERM PROVIDED HEREIN, YOU MUST NOT INSTALL, ACCESS AND/OR USE THE APPS AND YOU ARE REQUESTED TO PROMPTLY ERASE ALL OUR APPS FROM YOUR MOBILE DEVICE.
If you are under the age of eighteen (18) , please ensure that your legal guardian has reviewed and agreed to this Privacy Policy.
What information do we collect?
Un-identified and non-identifiable information pertaining to a Visitor or un-identified User, which may be made available to us, or collected automatically via his/her use of the Services (Non-personal Information). Such Non-personal Information does not enable us to identify the Visitor or User from whom it was collected. The Non-personal Information collected by us mainly consists of technical and aggregated usage information, such as Visitors, Users, browsing and click-stream activity on the Services, session heat-maps and scrolls, non-identifying information regarding the Visitor’s or User’s device, operating system, internet browser, screen resolution, language and keyboard settings, internet service provider, referring/exit pages, date/time stamps, etc.
How do we collect such information?
We collect information through your use of the Services. When you visit or use our Services, including when you browse the Website or any User Website, register a User Account, edit your User Website and upload information and content, and/or download and use any provided apps or digital content of our apps and games, we are aware of it and will usually gather, collect and record such uses, sessions and related information, either independently or with the help of third-party services, or including through the use of cookies and other tracking technologies.
Why do we collect such information??
We collect such Non-personal and Personal Information for the following purposes:
To provide and operate the Services;
To further develop, customize and improve our Services, based on Visitors’ and Users’ common or personal preferences, experiences and difficulties;
To provide our Users with ongoing customer assistance and technical support;
To be able to contact our Visitors and Users with general, or personalized service-related notices and promotional messages;
To facilitate, sponsor and offer certain contests, events and promotions, determine participants, eligibility, monitor performance, contact winners and grant prizes and benefits;
To create aggregated statistical data and other aggregated and/or inferred Non-personal Information, which we or our business partners may use to provide and improve our respective services;
To enhance our data security and fraud prevention capabilities; and
To comply with any applicable laws and regulations.
We also collect and use information in order to contact our visitors, users, and in order to comply with the laws applicable to us.
Our development studio is based in Bulgaria, which is considered by the European Commission to be offering an adequate level of protection for the Personal Information of EU Member State residents.
Our affiliates and service providers that store or process your Personal Information on our games & apps’ behalf are each contractually committed to keep it protected and secured, in accordance with industry standards and regardless of any lesser legal requirements which may apply in their jurisdiction.
Please note that permanently deleting your apps and games account erases all of your information from our databases. After completing this process, you can no longer use our Services that require your account, your User Account and all its data will be removed permanently, and we will not be able to restore your account or retrieve your data in the future. If you contact our support in the future, the system will not recognize your account and support agents will not be able to locate the deleted account.
Our data storage providers are contractually committed to protect and secure your data.
We shall be considered as a Processor and not as the Controller (as both such capitalized terms are defined in the European Union General Data Protection Regulation) of such Users-of-Users Information. The Users controlling and operating such User Websites shall be considered as the Controllers of such Users-of-Users Information, and are responsible for complying with all laws and regulations that may apply to the collection and control of such Users-of-Users Information, including all privacy and data protection laws of all relevant jurisdictions.
You are responsible for the security, integrity and authorized usage of your Users-of-Users, Personal Information, and for obtaining consents, permissions and providing any fair processing notices required for the collection and usage of such information. We cannot provide legal advice to Users or their Users-of-Users, however we do recommend that all Users publish and maintain clear and comprehensive privacy policies on their User Websites, in accordance with the applicable laws and regulations, and that all Users-of-Users carefully read those policies and make sure that they consent to them.
Kids Privacy Policy
With respect to collecting, using and disclosing personal information regarding children under the age of thirteen (13) (‘
Kids
‘) using our apps. We do not knowingly collect any personal information from Kids other than as expressly specified below.
We hereby prohibit Kids from actively and directly providing us with any personal information other than as specified below. If you are a legal guardian of a Kid and believe your child has provided us with any personal information, please contact us at info@itzogames.com and we will delete such information from our servers.
Our apps may collect and maintain the information described here, directly or through certain products or services, solely for providing support for our app’s internal operations as permitted under applicable laws and rules (described in greater detail below).
Third party providers of certain products or services operating on our behalf, such as advertising networks, analytics services etc. (‘
Third Parties
‘) may passively collect and maintain information about Users. Such Third Parties are carefully selected by us to ensure compliance with applicable privacy laws, and we confirm that they are compliant with the
US Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act
of 1998, this Privacy Policy and the rules promulgated by the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) under that Act, including but not limited to the
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Rule 16 C.F.R. Part 312
) (‘
COPPA
‘) and the policies and guidelines of the applicable Platform Provider (such as Apple or Google) in performance of their services for our apps.
Any question about Third Parties’ privacy practices and policies should be directed to our Privacy Policy Administrator by e-mail to: info@itzogames.com. We will forward your inquiry to the applicable Third Party and make an effort to provide you with such Third Party’s response within a reasonable timeframe.
There are three types of data and information which may be collected from Users of our apps:
Non-personal Information:
Our apps and Third Parties may passively collect non-identifiable and anonymous information as detailed below (‘
Non-personal Information
‘). To put it simply, with respect to such Kids Non-personal Information, we and any Third Parties are not aware of the identity of the User from whom Kids Non-personal Information has been collected. Kids Non-personal Information collected by either our apps or Third Parties may include technical information such as: type and version of operating system (e.g. Android, iOS, etc.), User session ID, time zone, session start / stop time, source of traffic (e.g. which ads, sites, applications and campaigns a User came from and associated revenue), App version, language (e.g. English), device type/model (e.g. Galaxy, iPhone, etc.), data regarding User behavior within apps (e.g. ad impressions, User’s response to ads, including ads viewed or clicked), User’s in-app purchases including data regarding receipt validation, User’s gameplay (e.g. level reached, frequency and time spent in the app and in each level, game progress, fail rate, mini game(s) played, virtual currency (if any) collected or earned, virtual inventory items (if any), tools and in-app functionalities used, screens accessed, User retention, performance errors and problems (e.g. apps’ stability, crashes, functioning, etc.), and other predefined events and behavior relating thereto (e.g. if User viewed a specific ad and other game play events, time of the event, internet connectivity (Wi-Fi, 3G), device time zone, etc.), other apps installed, User age-related information (if a User passes an age-gate i.e. if the User is below or above the age of 13), and geo-location, only at a country and city level. It is hereby clarified that no street name is collected.
Kids’ Persistent Device Identifier and No Other Kids personal identifiable information:
We and Third Parties may passively collect a persistent device identifier from kids, such as advertising identifier (IDFA, Advertising ID), randomly generated User ID and IP address. This is processed for the limited purposes of supporting the internal operations of the apps. In the case of IP addresses, we keep these for 1 week for error logs, then delete them. We do not collect and do not permit Third Parties to collect from Kids any information that may personally identify an individual (e.g. name, address, e-mail) or any other personally identifiable information of a private and/or sensitive nature about the Kids. We may collect, use and provide access to the User’s advertising identifier in accordance with the applicable platform provider’s policies.
We do not link any additional personally identifiable information to the Kids’ Device Identifier, even from other services. We do not collect or process any financial or payment information, any government identification numbers, any non-public phonebook or contact information, any microphone and camera sensor data, or any sensitive device data concerning Kids.
Purpose of the collection: The information described above is collected and processed solely for the purpose of supporting our app’s internal operations. This means the following:
providing and improving our apps as well as ensuring proper functioning of the Apps and services;
maintaining or analyzing the functioning of the apps and services;
authenticating Users (e.g. verify the User’s identity when he/she interacts with advertisements or acquires in-app purchases);
personalizing content and enhancing User experience;
performing network communications;
protecting the security or integrity of Users, apps and services;
serving contextual advertisements;
capping the frequency of advertising;
ensuring legal or regulatory compliance;
The collection and/or processing in connection with these purposes will performed as permitted under applicable laws and rules.
How is the Information about our Users of our apps being collected? The Non-personal Information and Kids’ Device Identifier are collected either by us or by Third Parties through the Users’ use of the apps, including through Third Parties’ SDKs embedded in our apps. Non-personal Information and the Kids’ Device Identifier may also be stored locally on the Users’ device via generally accepted industry technologies used within the apps, such as cookies-like technology’ and local storage.
If Third Parties collect Non-personal Information, Kids’ Device Identifier and/or any other information directly from Kids, such collection and processing is governed by such Third Parties’ privacy policies and not by this Privacy Policy. However, all Third Parties are carefully selected to ensure compliance with applicable privacy laws, and we confirm that they are compliant with COPPA, this Privacy Policy and the rules, policies and guidelines of the applicable Platform Provider in performance of services for our apps.
Sharing Kids information with third parties
We may share the Kids’ Device Identifier only in limited cases, including the following:
to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process, subpoena or governmental request;
to enforce this Kids Privacy Policy or the
Terms of Use
, including investigation of potential violations thereof;
to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues;
to protect the rights, property, or personal safety of our apps, its Users, suppliers, licensors, and/or licensees, or the general public;
when our apps are undergoing any change in control, including by means of merger, acquisition or purchase of all or substantially all of the assets of Company, in which case it may also be disclosed, transferred and/or assigned; and/or
pursuant to the approval of a Kid’s legal guardian, in order to supply certain services that such legal guardian or the User of the Kids Apps may have requested from the Company.
To clarify, we may transfer and disclose Kids Non-personal Information to third parties at its discretion.
What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files stored on your device. They are used for different purposes – such as whether you’ve visited the app before or to help us determine how many visitors we get each month. Cookies contain information about the use of the device but do not include personal information about you (like your name, email, etc.).
How do we use cookies?
This cookie policy applies to all of our mobile apps. By accessing this mobile app, you agree that this Cookie Policy will apply whenever you access the app on any device. Any changes to this policy will be updated here. We reserve the right to vary this policy at any time. Your continued use of the app constitutes your agreement to those changes.
We can collect information automatically when you visit the app, using cookies. The cookies allow us to identify your device and find more details about your last visit.
The information collected by cookies does not personally identify you. They gather information about your device type, settings, ISP, etc.
We may share your Personal Information with third parties (or otherwise allow them access to it) only in the following manners and instances.
We have partnered with a number of selected service providers, whose services and solutions complement, facilitate and enhance our own. These include hosting and server co-location services, communications and content delivery networks (CDNs), data and cyber security services, billing and payment processing services, domain name registrars, fraud detection and prevention services, web analytics, e-mail distribution and monitoring services, session recording and remote access services, performance measurement, data optimization and marketing services, content providers, and our legal and financial advisors (collectively, ‘Third Party Service(s)’).
Such Third Party Services may receive or otherwise have access to our Visitors’ and Users’ Personal Information and/or Users-of-Users’ Personal Information, in its entirety or in party, depending on each of their particular roles and purposes in facilitating and enhancing our Services and business, and may only use it for such purposes.
Note that while our Services may contain links to other websites or services, we are not responsible for such websites’ or services’ privacy practices. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our Services and read the privacy statements of each and every website and service you visit before providing your Personal Information. This Privacy Policy does not apply to such linked third -party websites and services.
We are not accountable for Personal Information that it receives under the Privacy Shield and subsequently transfers to a third party as described in the Privacy Shield Principles. In particular, we remain responsible and liable under the Privacy Shield Principles if third-party agents that it engages to process the Personal Information on its behalf do so in a manner inconsistent with the Principles, unless we prove that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
The information may be shared solely in accordance with this policy.
Types of Cookies
1. Personalized Cookies
They are used to recognize repeated visitors to the app and in conjunction with other info we hold to record specific information about app’s usage.
2. Analytics Cookies
They collect data about how users move around the app and how they reached it. This is used so we can improve the quality of the app and its features.
You can opt-out of this if you want here:
http://www.flurry.com/legal-privacy/end-user-opt-out
3. Third Party Service Cookies
We work and use other companies software kits’ to enhance user’s experience with this app. These companies may drop cookies on your device when you are using the app.
Here’s the list of services:
Facebook’s data use policy:
http://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/your-info-on-other
4. Ad Serving Cookies
We sell space on some of your apps to advertisers, they pay for the content you enjoy for free. Those advertisers use cookies to help us understand what you might be interested in. They hold information about your device and geo location (like country and city), without your names and street numbers.
Here’s a list of services we use:
Google Admob
https://support.google.com/admob/answer/6128543
Important update: Users of our apps located in the European Economic Area will have to choose between personalized / non-personalized ad experience. Google Mobile Ads SDK will collect additional user metrics, including daily active users, user retention and user engagement to ensure proper use of our apps. This data collected will be used to provide us with new reporting functionality, actionable insights, and ultimately improve Google’s ad serving for optimal user experience.
AppLovin
https://www.applovin.com/privacy
Chartboost
https://chartboost.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/200780269-Privacy-Policy
Our advertising partners will serve ads they believe are more likely to be of an interest to you, based on the information about your visits to the app.
In order to do this, our advert partners need to place cookies on your device. They do not hold any personal information of you.
Data Retention
We may retain your Personal Information (as well as your Users-of-Users’ Information) for as long as your User Account is active, as indicated in this Privacy Policy or as otherwise needed to provide you with our Services.
We may continue to retain such Personal Information even after you deactivate your User Account and/or cease to use any particular Services, as reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations, to resolve disputes regarding our Users or their Users-of-Users, prevent fraud and abuse, enforce our agreements and/or protect our legitimate interests.
We maintain a data retention policy which we apply to information in our care. Where your Personal Information is no longer required we will ensure it is securely deleted.
Which information may be
processed
from Users of our Apps
Game Center / Google Play Services Features: If a User enables Game Center or Google Play Services Features (defined in our TOU) in our apps, then we will be provided with access to the identifier number of the User’s Game Center account or Google Play Services account respectively (i.e. access token).
The Game Center / Google Play Services Features, Social Networks and Platforms are created and maintained by third parties who are not affiliated with and/or controlled by us. If you enable this integration, your use of the Game Center / Google Play Services Features and/or the Social Features is subject to the terms of use and privacy policies of the applicable third party provider of the Social Network’s or Platform.
For example, Apple Game Center which terms are available at:
http://www.apple.com/legal/internet-services/itunes/gamecenter/us/terms.html
Google Play Games which terms are available at:
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.play.games
You should ensure that you read their terms of use and privacy policies to understand how they treat your information and to understand the methods for changing the privacy or sharing settings on such services. If you do not agree to the practices described in such terms you should not allow our apps to interact with such Social Networks or Platforms, however you may find that you are not able to enjoy all the features that may be made available by our apps. You understand that where you allow interaction with any third party Social Network or Platform, we may share data about you with your contacts (and vice versa) in order that you may enjoy social elements. This data may include your scores and/or progress in our apps, your name, your social media profile picture and any test that you may upload.
By using the Social Features and/or the Game Center / Google Play Features you understand that the applicable Social Networks or Platforms may collect certain Personal Information, such as your IP address, Non-personal Information and may set cookies and/or other tracking technologies to enable the functionality of the Social Features and/or the Game Center / Google Play Service Features. The use of such features enables the sharing of information with your friends or the public, depending on the settings you establish with the third party that provides the Social Features and/or the Game Center / Google Play Service Features. You hereby acknowledge that when you share content via Social Networks or Platforms your content may become public and any person may re-post-it.In addition, we may collect and/or process, directly or through Third Parties, the following Personal Information:
-> The User’s persistent device identifier such as advertising identifier (IDFA, Advertising ID), randomly generated User ID and IP address. We keep IP addresses for 1 week for error logs and then delete them. We note that we may collect, use and provide access to the User’s advertising identifier in accordance with the applicable Platform Provider’s rules, policies and guidelines.
In addition, Third Parties may track and collect information regarding your on-line activities over time and across different online platforms (such as websites, applications, etc.). For more information regarding your ability to cease such tracking and collection.
To clarify, any Non-personal Information connected or linked to or associated with any Personal Information shall be deemed as Personal Information as long as such connection, linkage or association exists.
We do not collect or process any financial or payment information, any government identification numbers, any non-public phonebook or contact information, any microphone and camera sensor data, or any sensitive device data concerning Users.
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact us under info@itzogames.com.
We may update this Privacy Policy as required by applicable law, and to reflect changes to our information collection, usage and storage practices. If we make any changes that we deem as ‘material’ (in our sole good faith discretion), we may not notify you prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
Link to Third Party Apps
Certain links provided in the Apps through ads or otherwise permit Users to leave our Apps and enter our non-app sites or services. These linked sites and services are not under the control of our company. Most of such linked sites and services provide legal documents, including terms of use and privacy policies, governing the use of these sites. It is always advisable to read such documents carefully before using those sites and services so that you know what kind of information they are collecting.
Additional Terms and Conditions
See further terms and conditions which also apply to Users of our apps described in our
Terms of Use section
.
Last Privacy Policy Update: March, 15th, 2021
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.flurry.com/legal-privacy/end-user-opt-out:
We use cookies to offer you a better browsing experience and analyze site traffic. If you continue to use this site, you consent to our use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it!
Products
Analytics
Events
Segmentation
Audience
User Journeys
Funnels
Push
Crash
Flurry App
Solutions
Acquisition
Attribution
Conversion
Retention
Blog
Support
Login
Sign Up
OOPS, NO DATA
Our Sincere Apologies!
Whatever it is you were looking for, we can't find it here. It's probably our fault, unless you clicked on something you weren't supposed to, which is also our fault.
Start Over
Sub-policy 1
http://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/your-info-on-other:
Facebook
Email or phone
Password
Forgot account?
Create new account
It looks like you were misusing this feature by going too fast. You’ve been temporarily blocked from using it.
Back
English (US)
Gaeilge
Polski
Lietuvių
Português (Brasil)
Русский
Română
Español
Français (France)
Deutsch
Italiano
Meta © 2025
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to help provide and improve content on
Meta Products
. We also use them to provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and to provide and improve Meta Products for people who have an account.
Essential cookies: These cookies are required to use Meta Products and are necessary for our sites to work as intended.
Cookies from other companies: We use these cookies to show you ads off of Meta Products and to provide features like maps and videos on Meta Products. These cookies are optional.
You have control over the optional cookies we use. Learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choices at any time in our
Cookies Policy
.
About cookies
What are cookies?
Learn more
Why do we use cookies?
Learn more
What are Meta Products?
Learn more
Your cookie choices
Learn more
Cookies from other companies
We use cookies from
other companies
in order to show you ads off of our Products, and provide features like maps, payment services and video.
Choose cookies by category
How we use these cookies
If you allow these cookies
If you don't allow these cookies
Other ways you can control your information
Manage your ad experience in Accounts Center
More information about online advertising
Controlling cookies with browser settings
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Sub-policy 2
https://www.applovin.com/privacy:
Products
AppDiscovery
Acquire your ideal users
MAX
Monetize your app
SparkLabs
Create ads that perform
AppLovin Exchange
Reach your audience
Array
Increase value across customer’s lifecycle
Adjust
Measure your marketing
Wurl
Our streaming TV solution
Solutions
Increase ARPDAU
Grow Ad Inventory
Acquire App Users
Increase IAPs
Resources
Success Stories
Blog
Video Library
Guides and Reports
Glossary
Events
Partners
View all resources
More about us
Jobs
NEW
Press
About Us
Sign Up
Sign In
ENG
中文
日本語
한국어
Privacy Policy
Overview
Policies
Privacy Policy
隐私政策
Datenschutzerklärung
プライバシーポリシー
개인정보 보호 정책
Política de Privacidade
Politique de confidentialité
AppLovin Partners
AppLovin Policies for Publishers
AppLovin Policies for Demand Partners
AppLovin Array Privacy Policy
Terms
Terms of Use
使用协议条款
Vereinbarung über die Nutzungsbedingungen
利用規約
이용 약관 계약
Contrato de Termos de Uso
Accord sur les Conditions d’utilisation
DMCA Notice
End User License Agreement — Software
AppLovin Array Terms of Service
APPLOVIN PLATFORM DATA PROCESSING AGREEMENT
AppLovin Demand Partner Data Processing Agreement
Effective Date
: October 30, 2024
You can find the prior version
here
.
AppLovin Corporation (“we,” “us,” “our,” or “AppLovin”) operates a suite of tools for app developers and other businesses to automate and optimize the marketing and monetization of their platforms, products, or services by enabling the placement of different types of advertisements on digital properties including mobile apps, websites, and connected TV devices (collectively, the “Advertising Services” or “Services”).  As explained below, consumers interact with us in a few ways, primarily through advertisements served by AppLovin on behalf of advertisers.
The AppLovin Privacy Policy (this “Privacy Policy”) explains how we collect, use, and share information through our Services and advertising platform, and our corporate website at www.applovin.com (the “Website”), as well as your choices related to that information.
Contents
Our Advertising Services
Our Website
Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
Policy Changes
Contact Us
Our Advertising Services
This section describes the information we collect, use, and share through our Advertising Services.
General Information Collection and Use
If you are a consumer who downloads and uses an application which contains the AppLovin SDK or otherwise interacts with the Services through advertisements served within a digital property, we may collect certain information, including the following:
Device, App, and Browser Data
Device make, model, and operating system;
Device properties related to screen size, orientation, audio, battery, device memory usage, settings, and boot time;
Device settings related to accessibility features, font size, and theme;
Carrier;
Name and properties of mobile application through which a consumer interacts with the Services;
Country, time zone, and locale settings (country and preferred language);
Network connection type and speed;
IP Address;
Internet browser user-agent used to access the Services;
HTTP header information;
Advertising IDs (IDFA/GAID/Amazon FOSAID);
Vendor IDs (IDFV);
App Set IDs; and
Advertising and tracking preferences and restrictions.
Application publishers may choose to share with us additional information including your age or year of birth, gender, email, phone number, and interest segments for purposes of their own direct ad serving.  We do not retain this data or pass it downstream to advertising partners.  Please see the applicable publisher’s privacy policy for more information about their use of first party data.
Advertisers (through the advertiser itself or through a third party service provider on behalf of such advertiser) may also share transactional or “event” data related to a consumer’s interaction with an application, such as information about the actions taken in an application like purchases or application installations.
Information Collection and Use Specific
to
e-Commerce Ads Only
If you are a consumer who interacts with the Services through an e-commerce platform or a merchant website, we may collect certain additional information (that you provided to the e-commerce platform or merchant, through a third party’s API, our SDK, pixel, or other similar technologies), including the following:
User IDs;
Shopping browsing behavior (e.g., views) and search history;
Records of products purchased or considered (e.g., added to cart, check out);
Purchasing histories; and
Information regarding user interactions with advertising partners and their merchant partners’ sites and advertisements.
How We Collect Your Information
This information may be collected automatically across mobile apps and devices or received from third-parties across different technologies over time. We may also combine information we collect with other information we derive through analytical techniques, and we will use that combined information to offer the Services.
How We Use Your Information
We generally use the information we collect to:
Deliver the Services, maintain, and improve them, including our AI-powered advertising technology, and research and develop new ones;
Promote safety, security, and integrity of Services;
Provide measurement, analytics, and reporting; and
Comply with legal and regulatory obligations.
We use AI-powered advertising technology (sometimes referred to as “automated decision-making”) to help us improve our advertising products and Services and serve ads that are relevant and interesting to you. We use it in ways that do not produce legal or similarly significant effects on you (for example, by reordering how advertisements might appear when you visit a digital property such as a mobile app or a website).
Information Sharing
We may share information we collect or derive with third parties in the following contexts:
Service Providers.
We transfer information to service providers, and other partners who support our business, such as providing technical infrastructure services, analyzing how our Services are used, measuring the effectiveness of ads and services, providing customer service, or facilitating payments. These partners must adhere to strict confidentiality obligations in a way that is consistent with this Privacy Policy and the agreements we enter into with them.
Affiliates.
We may share information within the AppLovin family of companies for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Advertising Partners.
We share information with our third-party advertising partners, including advertisers, ad networks, exchanges, demand side platforms, merchants, other advertising partners (who aggregate their own demand sources), and ad optimization and measurement/attribution partners (e.g., mobile measurement partners or “MMPs”) to provide our clients with Advertising Services. This information may be used by such third-party partners to measure how effective ads are, show advertisements to end users for products and services that are more likely to appeal to them (a practice known as interest-based advertising or behavioral advertising), and to undertake web analytics to analyze traffic and other ad activity to improve the advertising experience.
Unless otherwise noted in our partner list, each AppLovin advertising partner is an independent controller of your data. You can view a list of AppLovin advertising partners with whom we share your data
here
, current as of the date listed at the top of that page.
If you do not want to receive interest-based advertisements, please see the
“Manage Your Privacy Choices”
section below. If you are located in the European Union, UK, or Switzerland, you may also see the
“Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals”
section below for more options. If you are an individual resident of the U.S. states that have enacted comprehensive consumer privacy laws, you may also review the “
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
” section below for more options.
Please note that the practices of our third-party advertising partners delivering advertisements through our Services are subject to those partners’ own privacy policies.
Regulatory or Legal Requirements.
We may disclose information to governmental regulatory authorities as required by law, including for tax or accounting purposes, in response to their requests for such information or to assist in investigations. We may also disclose personal information to third parties in connection with claims, disputes, or litigation, when otherwise required by law or court order.
Safety and Terms Enforcement.
We may disclose information if we determine, in our sole discretion, that its disclosure is necessary to protect the health, safety, or rights of you or any other person, protect against fraud, or enforce our legal rights, including contractual commitments made to us by third parties.
Business Transfers.
We may disclose personal information as part of an organizational business transaction, such as a merger, acquisition, joint venture, financing, or sale of organizational assets and may transfer personal information to a third party as one of the business assets in such a transaction. We may also disclose personal information in the event of insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership.
Manage Your Privacy Choices:
To limit collection of information from mobile devices, please visit your device’s settings to set the “Limit Ad Track” or other similar features on your device. Additionally, you may opt-out of interest-based advertising within ads served by AppLovin. For detailed instructions, see
How AppLovin Shows You Ads
. You can also make choices about data collection for certain companies by visiting an industry consumer choice platform such as the NAI (
https://optout.networkadvertising.org/
) or DAA (
https://optout.aboutads.info/
).  You may still receive ads after limiting processing of information for interest-based advertising, but those ads may be less relevant to your interests.
To see or manage the data collected by AppLovin from your device, you may download the AppLovin Privacy Management Application from the Apple or Google Play Stores:
By navigating through the tabs in the AppLovin Privacy Management Application, you can erase the personal information that AppLovin may have collected about you or request a copy of that personal information.
Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect personal information from, or serve advertisements to, children as defined and required by applicable laws. If you believe we have served an advertisement to a child or might have any personal information from or about a child, or if you believe a mobile application in which an AppLovin-served advertisement appeared may be designed for, directed to, or pass personal information knowingly from, children in violation of our policies, please contact us via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Data Security and Retention
We implement reasonable measures to help secure the information we collect through the Services. We retain the data we collect through the Services for up to 2 years. Information is automatically purged from our system if the Services do not receive any updated information for a device in the last 2 years. Note that we will retain information in our systems for as long as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
[END OF ADVERTISING SERVICES-SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
Our Website
This section describes the information we collect, use, and share through our Website.
Cookies and Other Similar Technology
The Website uses cookies, web beacons, or other similar technology to collect information for various purposes, including interest-based advertising. This information may include your IP address, device identifier, browser type, device type, the date and time of your visit, and the areas of the Website you visit. To learn more about and manage the cookies on this Website, please click “Cookie Settings” in our Website footer. You may also be able to limit the use of cookies through your browser settings. Note that certain parts of the Website may not function properly without cookies. Additionally, you may still receive ads after limiting processing of information for interest-based advertising, but those ads may be less relevant to your interests. If you erase your cookies, reset your device identifier, or use different browsers or devices, you may need to make your choices again.
We partner with Google Analytics to learn more about how you use our Website. For more information about how Google Analytics works you can visit
here
. To opt-out of Google Analytics, you can visit
here
and follow the instructions.
Additional Information Collection for Business Account Owners
When you register with AppLovin to use our Services, you may provide us with personal information such as your name, email address, phone number, mailing address, user name, and password. You may also provide us with payment information when you submit or receive a payment, or other information when you complete the online forms available on the Website. We may also acquire information from other trusted sources to update or supplement the information that you voluntarily provide to us or that we collect automatically.
How We Use Your Information
We may use the information we collect or you provide to us through the Website for various purposes, including:
To communicate with you, for example through newsletters or with other information about our products and services;
To operate and improve the Website and our Services;
To customize the Website;
For analytics and research;
For marketing purposes; and
For purposes disclosed at the time of collection.
Information Sharing
We may share information we collect through the Website in the following contexts:
With your consent;
For advertising and marketing purposes;
In response to a subpoena, court order, or other legal process;
To protect our rights and the rights of others;
With our affiliates;
With service providers that help us operate the Website and Services;
As part of a sale, merger, or acquisition, including at bankruptcy; and
For purposes disclosed at the time of collection.
Links to Other Websites
The Website may provide links to other websites or other digital properties that we do not control. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of those digital properties that you may visit.
Updating Information
You can update the personal information you provide to us by correcting, updating, or deleting the information associated with you via your AppLovin account. To add, modify, remove, or request access to the personal information about you that we hold, please see the
“Contact Us”
section below.
Your Marketing Choices
If you no longer wish to receive marketing-related emails from us on a going-forward basis, you may opt out of receiving these emails by clicking “Unsubscribe” at the bottom of any marketing email you receive from us or by emailing us at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Children
Our Website is not intended for use by children as defined and required by applicable law. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children through the Website. If you believe we might have any personal information from or about a child, please contact us via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Data Security and Retention
We have implemented reasonable physical, technical, and administrative security measures for the Website to help protect information we collect and store.
For detailed information regarding retention associated with cookies on the applovin.com domain, please click “Cookie Settings” in our Website footer to learn more.
We retain other information such as customer contact and payment information in our systems for as long as necessary as permitted by law to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
[END OF WEBSITE-SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals
If you are located in the European Union, United Kingdom, or Switzerland, the following additional provisions apply to you.
Data Privacy Framework
AppLovin complies with the EU-U.S Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.
AppLovin has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.  AppLovin has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
If you are an EU, UK, or Swiss individual, where we transfer your personal data to third party servicer providers (see above) who perform services for us or on our behalf, we are responsible for the processing of that data by them and shall remain liable if they process your personal data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Data Privacy Framework, AppLovin is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, AppLovin may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, AppLovin commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information. EU, UK, and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact AppLovin at
dataprotection@applovin.com
. AppLovin refers unresolved complaints to TRUSTe, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.  If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
for more information or to file a complaint.  These dispute resolution services are provided at no cost to you.
For complaints regarding DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms, you have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration. Further information can be found on the official DPF website.
Lawful Basis for Processing
On certain occasions, we process your personal data when it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party, such as to provide services to you. We may also process your personal data to respond to your inquiries concerning our products and services.
On other occasions, we process your personal data where required by law. We may also process your personal data if necessary to protect your interests or the interests of a third party.
Additionally, we process your personal data when necessary to do so for fraud prevention, improving our network and services, and marketing our services to advertisers and publishers, where these interests are not overridden by your data protection rights.
If the processing of your personal data is necessary, we will generally ensure that consent has been obtained from you if there is no other lawful basis for such processing. You have the right to withdraw your consent to processing of personal data at any time.
If personal data covered by this Privacy Policy is to be used for a new purpose that is materially different from that for which the personal data was originally collected or subsequently authorized, or is to be disclosed to a non-agent third party in a manner not specified in this Privacy Policy, we will provide you with an opportunity to choose whether to have your personal data so used or disclosed. Requests to opt out of such uses or disclosures of personal data should be sent to us as specified in the “Contact” section below. Certain personal data, such as information about medical or health conditions, racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, is considered “Sensitive Information”. AppLovin does not collect or seek to elicit “Sensitive Information”.
For questions about data processing, please contact our Data Protection Officer. Visit the “Contact” section below for contact information.
Your Rights
If you are an individual in the EU, UK, or Switzerland, you are able:
To request access to the personal data we hold about you;
To request that we rectify or erase your personal data;
To request that we restrict or block the processing of your personal data;
Under certain circumstances, to receive personal data about you that we store and transmit to another without hindrance from us, including requesting that we provide your personal data directly to another, i.e., a right to data portability; and
Where we previously obtained your consent, to withdraw consent to processing your personal data.
To exercise these rights, please contact us at the email address set forth in the
“Contact Us”
section below.  Our Data Protection Officer can also be reached at this email address.  Please be aware that we may be unable to afford these rights to you under certain circumstances, such as if we are legally prevented from doing so.
In certain circumstances, you may appoint an authorized agent to exercise any rights that you may have on your behalf.  If you choose to exercise any rights through an authorized agent, you will need to verify your identity directly with us before we can process any requests.  In addition, we will need written documentation demonstrating the authorized agent’s authority to act on your behalf.
Additionally, you have the right to lodge a complaint against us. To do so, contact the supervisory authority in your country of residence.
EU and UK Privacy Representatives
We have appointed
Prighter Group
as our privacy representatives in the EU and UK.  You can contact us through our privacy representatives at the following addresses:
For residents of the EU
:
PrighterGDPR-Rep by Maetzler Rechtsanwalts GmbH & Co KG
c/o AppLovin Corporation
Kriegerstraße 44
30161 Hannover
Germany
For residents of the UK
:
PrighterUK-Rep by Prighter Ltd.
c/o AppLovin Corporation
20 Mortlake Mortlake High Street
London, SW14 8JN
United Kingdom
Additional information regarding our privacy representatives can be found at the following link:
https://prighter.com/q/19826057144
.
[END OF EU/UK/SWISS SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
Additional provisions for individual residents of the U.S. states that have enacted comprehensive consumer privacy laws are included in our
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
, which explains how those residents may exercise their privacy rights.
Policy Changes
We may, in our sole discretion, make changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time in order to accommodate new technologies, industry practices, regulatory requirements, or for other purposes. If we make any changes, we will update the “Effective Date” posted at the top of this Privacy Policy. If we make any material changes, we may notify you by email (sent to the email address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on the Website prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically to ensure that you understand how we collect, use, and share information.
Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when the revised Privacy Policy is posted on the Website. By continuing to use the Website or Advertising Services following such changes, you are agreeing to accept the terms of the revised Privacy Policy.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please write to us at:
Data Protection Officer
AppLovin Corporation
1100 Page Mill Road
Palo Alto, CA 94304
You can also contact us or our Data Protection Officer via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Please be sure to include your relevant account information in any correspondence to us.  This will help ensure that we can respond to your inquiry in a timely manner.
If you have a customer care issue, please visit
AppLovin Support
.
Sub-policy 3
https://chartboost.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/200780269-Privacy-Policy:
Sign in to Chartboost Support
Switch to agent sign-in
Email
Password
Forgot password?
Missing the following required fields:
Sign in