Section 1 – What information do we collect
Feeder is a service, application and platforms run by Really Simple i Stockholm AB (just Feeder from now on) that lets you follow sources of information and get notified of updates. Our main product is a software hosted on our servers that perform these tasks for you, and clients that talk to these servers: Our apps.
As such we need to be able to collect certain information about you and your devices to offer a secure and stable service. Below we outline what we collect:
E-mail & IP address
To create an account we need your email address. And for additional security, for your safety and Feeder’s, we store the IP addresses of all your logged in devices. When your browser makes requests to our servers, we store those in logs for 7 days for security.
Payment information
If you wish to make a purchase we need to collect your payment information. Depending on your chosen payment method this can include your billing address, credit card numbers, or any other payments related information that can be tied to you.
Billing Address
To be able to issue receipts and invoices to the correct address, we allow you to enter your own or your company’s billing address.
Unique Identifiers for each device
Feeder offers its service in different platforms, for example, browser extensions, mobile apps and web apps. To connect your logged in account with these devices, we store unique identifiers for each client. As each platform is different, these identifiers are created in different ways. For example on web we use cookies, in our mobile apps local storage.
User generated information
When you use Feeder you will naturally create data, in the form of your feeds, preferences, folders, starred and unread posts, and similar things. These are stored on Feeder’s servers, and may be able to identify you personally.
Section 2 – How do I manage my information
Edit
E-mail & IP address
You can change the email address connected to your account under the “Accounts” section in the web platform settings page.
Once you log out from a client the IP address entry is deleted from our records after 90 days. To mark all recorded IP addresses for deletion, please contact
support@feeder.co
Web server IP logs are stored for 7 days and then deleted.
Payment information
You can delete the stored payment information under the “Billing” section in the web platform settings page. Note: To remove payment information connected to your current active subscription, you need to cancel it first.
Billing Address
You can delete your Billing Address under the “Billing” section of the web platform settings page.
If any of the above listed options are not available, you can always email
support@feeder.co
with your request.
Delete
To delete all your data stored on Feeder’s servers and third party servers, you do that by filling in your email and password under the “Accounts” section of the web platform settings page.
You can also email
support@feeder.co
from the email connected to your account, with a request for deletion and we will oblige duly.
Section 3 – Third party services
Feeder cannot build all services required to operate on our own, and thus rely on third party services in these cases. To function these third-party services will come in contact with some of your data, please see the list below for a breakdown of what and how. We carefully select which third party services we use, and take great care to make sure they meet our rigorous standards.
Below is a list of all third-party services used by Feeder, and how they relate to your personal information:
Payments information
We only use super secure and industry standard, trusted payment providers. We never store credit card information on our servers. Credit card data never even passes through our servers, we instead let the payment providers deal with the security under PCI-DSS regulations.
Because of the security requirements within payments, these payment providers may store information such as IP-address, name, address, emails, credit card details, and other data required to make the transaction safe and secure. These are governed under their respective privacy policies.
Paypal
Braintree
Google Play
Apple
Hosting providers
To save on costs Feeder uses multiple third party providers for hosting hardware and hosting services. We make sure to only select mature and trusted hosting providers, and make sure they follow relevant laws and best practices.
This means that any or all your data may be stored on their hardware.
Note:
That does not mean they can access it. We use industry standard practices to ensure the correct access levels for anyone to access this data.
DigitalOcean – Main hosting provider
Google Cloud Platform – Peripheral services
Amazon AWS – Peripheral services
Cloudflare – DNS servers and domain servers.
Support tools for Feeder staff
To be able to use tools like our support chat, trigger correct emails and payments analytics, we use the following services. That means that data you generate within our system will be stored on these services as well. When you delete your data from Feeder, they will be deleted from these as well.
Intercom
ChartMogul
Slack
Analytics
To be able to develop Feeder in the best and most efficient way possible, we use analytics tools to get a high level, aggregated view of patterns in our product. The following services are used for that. All data used is anonymized and aggregated, and can’t be tied back to you.
Google Analytics
Google Tag Manager
Amplitude
WordPress Jetpack
Facebook Pixel
Advertising
In some cases we will sell advertising in the Feeder platform via third party ad networks. Each Feeder platform that does this will notify you in the correct manner and inform you about the privacy implications of this. We may also buy ads on other platforms to attempt to grow our business. Below is a list of the networks we use.
Google AdWords
Google AdMob
Facebook
Webpages
When accessing our status page:
http://status.feeder.co
, or the surveys we send out, you will be redirected to these services. They have their own analytics and cookies, and we refer you to their policy pages for more information.
StatusPage.io
SurveyMonkey
Fonts
To give Feeder the look-and-feel that is Feeder, we use 3rd party services that deliver fonts and allow us to purchase the correct font licenses. These are:
Adobe TypeKit
Mozilla
‘s Hosted Fonts
Google Fonts
Updates to this listen can happen over time, and to stay updated follow the RSS feed provided here.
Section 4 – Consent
How do you get my consent?
From first page load your IP address will be stored on our servers for logging purposes. These logs are stored for 7 days and then deleted without backups. We need to do this to guard against abuse.
Analytics cookies are set and administered under our Cookie Policy page. Please refer to our Cookie Policy for that.
For all other personal data listed above, it is simply a result of you taking voluntary action and a result of us following our contractual obligation requested by you.
How do I withdraw my consent?
For cookie related matters, please see our Cookie Policy for details on how cookies are withdrawn.
Section 5 – Disclosure
We may disclose your personal information if we are required by law to do so or a breach in our Terms of Service requires us to do so. We will notify you via your listed e-mail or contact address in accordance with the law if and when this happens.
Section 6 – Security
To protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed.
Upon material breaches of security that affects personal identifiable information, we will take all necessary action to inform you and the correct authorities about it.
Section 7 – Cookies
Please see our Cookie Policy for details on how cookies are used, stored and consented.
Section 8 – Age Of Consent
By using this site, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site.
Section 9 – Changes To This Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you that it has been updated, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we use and/or disclose it. If we are acquired or merged with another company, your information may be transferred to the new owners so that we may continue to sell products to you.
Questions And Contact Information
If you would like to: access any personal information we have about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information open a ticket with
support@feeder.co
You can also mail:
Really Simple i Stockholm AB
Åsögatan 122, 4 tr
116 29 Stockholm
Sweden