NextFly
Privacy Policy
1. About This Privacy Statement and NextFly
When Does This Privacy Statement Apply?
This Privacy Statement applies to information about you as an identifiable person that NextFly or its mobile application collects from, or about you. This Privacy Statement does not apply to anonymous data that cannot identify you in any way.
This website may contain links to third-party websites. NextFly is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these third-party websites. We recommend that you carefully read the privacy statements of such sites.
Data Controller
The data controller of any and all information provided to or gathered by NextFly and its mobile applications is NextFly
.
2. About Your Personal Information and Uses
What Personal Information Does NextFly Hold on
Y
ou
and Others?
l
Information You Provide Us Directly
NextFly collects and uses the information you provide to us directly in order to provide you with the services you request. For example, you may provide us your name, gender, birthday, mobile number, email, and other information when you register a NextFly account. When booking services, you may provide additional details such as passenger names, ID document numbers, and contact information.
If you need to get in touch with our customer service team, or reach out to us through other means (such as through social media) we will collect information from you there too, such as your name and contact information. This includes recording phone conversations when you call us and when you answer our calls.
You may also participate in referral programs or sweepstakes. Doing so will also mean providing us with your name and contact information. In addition to this, you can provide us with feedback or ask for help with using NextFly’s services.
You may be traveling with other guests or make a booking on someone else’s behalf, in which case you will provide similar details to NextFly. However, we would like to remind you that it is your responsibility to ensure that the person or people whose personal information you have provided are aware that you’ve done so, and have agreed to your sharing of their personal information with NextFly for these purposes.
l
Information We Collect Automatically
NextFly collects some information about you automatically. Specifically:
¡
Log information:
This includes information that the system may automatically collect through cookies, a web beacon, or other channels when you use our services, including
(but
not
limited
to
)
:
Device information or software information, such as your IP address, software version and device identifier (IDFA / IMEI) of the mobile device you use, and configurations of the web browser or mobile device you use to access our services.
n
Information that is searched for or browsed when you use our services, such as web pages used or terms searched and pages visited through the app, as well as other information browsed or provided when using our services.
n
Information contained in the content you share through our services, such as a photo shared or uploaded, comments, and dates and times, etc.
n
Information on your preferences, such as language, region and currency.
¡
Location information:
We collect this when you turn on your device’s location feature and use our location-based services. This includes your geographical position information collected via GPS or WIFI, your address information contained in the account information you provide to us, and shared information uploaded by you or others showing your current or previous location. You can turn off the location feature to prevent us from collecting your location information.
More information on how we use cookies can
b
e found in our Cookie Statement below.
l
Information We Receive Through Other Sources
We will also obtain your information from affiliates and business partners. For example, when you make a booking or reservation through the website or mobile app of one of our affiliates or business partners, your booking or reservation information with them might be forwarded to us so that we can process your booking and ensure its success. Also, we allow you to log into NextFly with your social media account, and with your consent (you grant authorization to the social platform), your personal information will be shared with us through that social platform.
Additionally, we may integrate calling services into our platforms to enable you to connect with us, and when we do, we receive metadata about the call activities (such as where you called from, who you are, and the date and length of the call).
l
Special Categories of Personal Information
In connection with fulfilling your requests for
age
/
p
rega
nancy
/
disability considerations and dietary preferences, some information you provide us with may be considered as “special category” personal information.
How Does NextFly Use
Y
o
ur
Personal Information?
NextFly will generally collect and use your personal information for the following purposes:
1.
Providing services to you:
We will use your personal information to complete and manage your online booking. In addition, we will provide you with related products and services through affiliates, business partners, and third parties.
2.
Account management:
You can create a NextFly account and we will use the information you provide to manage your account and provide you with practical features.
For example: flight information synchronization and so on.
3.
Responding to your inquiries and requests:
We provide customer
with
service in multiple languages to offer help when you need it.
4.
Marketing activities:
Where you have a NextFly account, we will also use your personal information for marketing purposes, such as sending you information and promotional activities on products or services that may interest you.
5.
Contacting you:
Responding to and dealing with your questions or requests, sending booking-related messages (such as messages telling you of a successfully submitted booking, messages reminding you to complete unfinished bookings, etc.). We may also send you questionnaires or invite you to provide feedback on our services, etc.
6.
Market research:
We will sometimes invite you to participate in market research to better understand your interest in our products, services, and websites.
7.
Improving service security and reliability:
We may detect and prevent fraud and illegal activities and use your personal information for risk assessment and security purposes. If you are using our app, it will send us error-reporting information in the event that it crashes or hangs. This enables us to investigate the error and to improve the stability of the app for future releases.
8.
Data analysis:
We may use your personal information for analysis so that we can get to know your location, your preferences, and demographic information, or match it with the data obtained from other sources (including third parties)
, to develop our products and services or marketing plans, and to improve our services.
9.
Daily operations:
Including but not limited to booking management, customer verification, technical support, network maintenance, troubleshooting, internal administrative affairs, internal policies and procedures, and producing internal reports.
10.
Monitoring:
We monitor customer accounts to prevent, investigate and/or report fraud, terrorism, misrepresentation, security incidents or crime, in accordance with applicable law.
a.
Your phone conversations with our customer service staff, both answering our calls and calling us, may also be recorded. We may rely on these recordings to monitor the quality of our customer service, check the accuracy of the information you provide to prevent fraud, or serve the purpose of internal staff training.
b.
We monitor your use of our website or app, to help us refine and improve the way our website or app works.
11.
Reviews and feedbacks:
We display guest reviews on the related accommodation information page on our websites, on our mobile apps, on our social media accounts and social media apps, or on the website of the related accommodation or business partner’s website. This is to inform other travelers about the quality of the product you used, the destination you chose, or the other services you have used.
a.
We will also aggregate your guest review data with feedback from other customers in order to sort and prioritize guest reviews. We may use the information in your reviews or in other destination-related information you share with us in an anonymous form, unless you have included this information in your public profile. This is to help travelers like you find the right destination and the best accommodation to suit them.
12.
Investigations and complaints management:
We use information you provide to investigate any complaints received from you or from others about our website, or our products and services. We also use data in connection with legal claims, compliance, regulatory and investigative purposes as necessary (including the disclosure of such information in connection with legal process or litigation).
13.
Purposes which are required by law:
In certain cases, we may need to use your information to handle and resolve legal disputes, regulatory investigations and compliance, respond to requests by government or law enforcement authorities conducting an investigation, or to enforce the Terms and Conditions in connection with any Services provided by NextFly as reasonably expected.
Withdrawing Consent or Otherwise Objecting to Direct Marketing
Wherever we rely on your consent, you can withdraw that consent, however where you do we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you (for example, to fulfill your booking). To withdraw your consent, please contact us at [Your Contact Email].
How Does NextFly Share
Your
Information?
We may share your booking information, account information, device information, and location information with affiliate companies within our corporate family and third parties, such as the partners detailed below, to ensure the successful provision of services to you. Our partners include the following types:
l
Business partners:
With whom we may jointly offer products or services, or whose products or services may be offered on our websites or apps. You may tell when a third party is involved in a product or service you have requested because their name will appear, either alone or with ours. If you choose to access these optional products or services, we may share information about you, including your personal information, with those partners. Please note that we do not control the privacy practices of these third-party business partners.
l
Affiliated companies within our corporate family:
We may share your personal information with our affiliated companies so that we best provide you with the requested service as well as information about other related products and services. All parts of our company provide similar protection measures for your personal information that are no less stringent than this Privacy Statement.
You have the right to choose whether or not to agree to NextFly's synchronization of your registration information, transaction and payment data
,
etc
.
with NextFly to the system of the affiliate compan
ies
and allow them to use it
We may also share your information in the context of complying with legal obligations, to protect our or your interests in legal matters, and in the case of a merger or acquisition.
Except as otherwise provided by the above instructions or laws and regulations, if we share your personal information with any other company, organization or individual, we will ask for your authorization again in accordance with the law
3. Modification of Privacy Statement
NextFly will modify this Privacy Statement when necessary. Please understand that we may revise this Privacy Statement at times as we consider appropriate. We will note the date of the latest update of this Privacy Statement and the update will take effect when it is published. Without your explicit consent, NextFly will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Statement. NextFly will prominently post major changes made (for example, for changes concerning certain services, we will inform you via email of the specific changes in the Privacy Statement). Therefore, you should review this Privacy Statement periodically to keep up with our most current policies.
4. Cookie Statement
We use cookies to deliver our services and to help us improve our website.
What is a cookie?
A cookie is a small text file that we store on your computer when you use our website. To learn more about cookies, please go to
About Cookies
.
What cookies does NextFly use?
We use the following cookies:
l
Essential cookies:
These are cookies that our website cannot operate without. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our website, use a shopping cart and pay for products.
l
Non-essential cookies:Functionality cookies:
These are used to recognize you when you return to our website. This enables us to personalize our content for you and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language, region, and currency).
¡
Analytical and performance cookies:
These allow us to count the number of visitors to our website and to see how they move around it. This helps us improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
¡
Targeting cookies:
These cookies record your visit to our website, the pages you have visited, and the internal links you have followed. We will use this information to make our website and the products we display to you more relevant to your interests.
We use session and persistent cookies. Session cookies are deleted when you close your browser. Persistent cookies remain on your computer and are activated the next time you visit our website.
5.
How
To
Contact
Us
If
you
have
any
qu
es
t
ion
,
opi
nion
or s
ugge
stion
a
bout
this
po
licy
,
p
l
e
ase
em
ail
mail
box
to c
ont
act
us
.
Em
ai
:
service@variflight.com