Privacy Policy
1 INTRODUCTION
This document sets out the privacy policy of Berrick Psychology Pty Ltd ABN 27 162 662 035 (referred to in this privacy policy as ‘we’, ‘us’, or ‘our’) in relation to personal information collected via our mobile application known as ACT Companion (ACT Companion) and associated website at https://www.actcompanion.com/ (Website).
We take our privacy obligations seriously and we’ve created this privacy policy to explain how we store, maintain, use and disclose personal information.
By providing personal information (including sensitive information) to us, you consent to our storage, maintenance, use and disclosing of personal information in accordance with this privacy policy.
Section 1-4 of this privacy policy relate to how we handle personal information (excluding sensitive information). Section 5 of this privacy policy covers how we handle sensitive information. The remaining clauses of this privacy policy relate to all personal information (including sensitive information) we collect.
We may change this privacy policy from time to time by posting an updated copy on our Website and we encourage you to check our Website regularly to ensure that you are aware of our most current privacy policy.
While your privacy is important to us, nothing in this privacy policy constitutes a voluntary opt-in to any privacy laws, anywhere in the world, which we are not statutorily bound to comply with.
2 TYPES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
The personal information we collect may include the following:
(a) name;
(b) mailing or street address;
(c) email address;
(d) social media information;
(e) telephone number and other contact details;
(f) age;
(g) date of birth;
(h) credit card or other payment information;
(i) information in connection with user surveys, questionnaires and promotions;
(j) your device identity and type, I.P. address, geo-location information, page view statistics, advertising data and standard web log information; and
(k) any other information provided by you to us via our Website or our online presence, or otherwise required by us or provided by you.
3 HOW WE COLLECT PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may collect personal information either directly from you, or from third parties, including where you:
(a) download or use ACT Companion;
(b) contact us through our Website;
(c) receive goods or services from us;
(d) submit any of our online sign up forms;
(e) communicate with us via email, telephone, SMS, social applications (such as LinkedIn, Facebook or Twitter) or otherwise; and
(f) interact with our Website, social applications, services, content and advertising.
We may also collect personal information from you when you use or access our Website or our social media pages. This may be done through use of web analytics tools, ‘cookies’ or other similar tracking technologies that allow us to track and analyse your Website usage. Cookies are small files that store information on your computer, mobile phone or other device and enable and allow the creator of the cookie to identify when you visit different websites. If you do not wish information to be stored as a cookie, you can disable cookies in your web browser.
We may use Google Analytics to collect and process data, including when you use third party websites or apps. To find out more see How Google uses data when you use our partners’ sites or apps.
4 USE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We collect and use personal information for the following purposes:
(a) to provide goods, services or information to you;
(b) for record keeping and administrative purposes;
(c) to provide information about you to our contractors, employees, consultants, agents or other third parties for the purpose of providing goods or services to you;
(d) to improve and optimise our service offering and customer experience;
(e) to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes or enforce our agreements with third parties;
(f) to send you marketing and promotional messages and other information that may be of interest to you and for the purpose of direct marketing (in accordance with the Spam Act). In this regard, we may use email, SMS, social media or mail to send you direct marketing communications. You can opt out of receiving marketing materials from us by using the opt-out facility provided (e.g. an unsubscribe link); and
(g) to send you administrative messages, reminders, notices, updates, security alerts, and other information requested by you.
We may disclose your personal information to cloud-providers, contractors and other third parties located inside or outside of Australia. If we do so, we will take reasonable steps to ensure that any overseas recipient deals with such personal information in a manner consistent with how we deal with it.
5 SENSITIVE INFORMATION
(Collection of sensitive information) We may collect sensitive information about you during the course of providing you our goods and services. We will only collect this sensitive information where you consent to such collection and directly provide us with this information.
(Types of sensitive information) The sensitive information we collect may include the following:
(a) information you input into ACT Companion including information relating to any thoughts, feelings or symptoms you may be experiencing;
(b) acceptance and commitment therapy exercises on ACT Companion you undertake; and
(c) any other information provided by you to us, whether requested by us or otherwise.
(Use of sensitive information) Your sensitive information will only be used for the purpose of providing you with our services including to:
(d) provide you with ACT Companion; and
(e) assist with queries relating to your account on and use of ACT Companion.
(Withdrawing consent) If you wish to withdraw your consent to our collection, use or disclosure of your sensitive information, please contact us using the contact details set out below. We will deal with all such requests within a reasonable timeframe.
(Legally required disclosure) Your sensitive information may be disclosed where we are required to for the purpose of complying with our legal obligations.
(Storage and disclosure) The information you input onto ACT Companion is, at default, stored on your device and therefore not accessible by us. Where you elect via the functionality available on ACT Companion for your information to be backed up and stored on our cloud servers, you acknowledge that such information will then be accessible by us, our cloud storage providers and other third parties who provide IT services to us. We will take reasonable steps to ensure that any such third parties deal with your sensitive information in a manner consistent with how we deal with it.
6 SECURITY
We take reasonable steps to ensure your personal information is secure and protected from misuse or unauthorised access. Our information technology systems are password protected, and we use a range of administrative and technical measures to protect these systems. However, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information.
7 LINKS
Our Website may contain links to other websites. Those links are provided for convenience and may not remain current or be maintained. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of those linked websites and we suggest you review the privacy policies of those websites before using them.
8 REQUESTING ACCESS OR CORRECTING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
If you wish to request access to the personal information we hold about you, please contact us using the contact details set out below including your name and contact details. We may need to verify your identity before providing you with your personal information. In some cases, we may be unable to provide you with access to all your personal information and where this occurs, we will explain why. We will deal with all requests for access to personal information within a reasonable timeframe.
If you think that any personal information we hold about you is inaccurate, please contact us using the contact details set out below and we will take reasonable steps to ensure that it is corrected.
9 COMPLAINTS
If you wish to complain about how we handle your personal information held by us, please contact us using the details set out below including your name and contact details. We will investigate your complaint promptly and respond to you within a reasonable timeframe.
10 CONTACT US
For further information about our privacy policy or practices, or to access or correct your personal information, or make a complaint, please contact us using the details set out below:
Name: Anthony Berrick
Email: support@actcompanion.com
Phone: +61 2 9138 0620
Address: 918/185 Elizabeth St, Sydney 2000
Our privacy policy was last updated on 1 December 2021.
Terms & Conditions
|
Privacy Policy
Copyright © 2021 Berrick Psychology Pty Ltd.