Privacy Policy
This is the privacy policy ("
Privacy Policy
") that governs how we,
Exact Editions Limited ("
Exact Editions
", "
we
",
"
our
" or "
us
"), use Personal Information (defined below)
that we collect, receive and store
about individuals in connection with the use of the website
www.exacteditions.com
, and
any other website that we operate (each,
together with its sub-domains, content and services, a "
Site
").
We have implemented this Privacy Policy because your privacy, and the
privacy of other users, is important to us.  This Privacy Policy
explains our online information practices and the choices you can make
about the way your Personal Information is collected and used in
connection with the Site.  "
Personal Information
" means any
information that may be used, either alone or in combination with other
information, to personally identify an individual, including, but not
limited to, a first and last name, a personal profile, an email
address, a home or other physical address, or other contact information.
How We Collect and Use Your Personal Information
We record the email address you supply when you register for an account
with Exact Editions, so that you can log back into our services later
on. We remove this record two years after the expiry of your last
subscription with us, at which point you will need to register for a
new account with us if you wish to set up a new subscription.
We will use this email address to contact you with notices related to
your account status (confirmation of purchase, notice of expiry). You
may also opt in to receive a notification when new issues are available
in your account.
If you send us a "Contact Us" request, whether by submitting an online
form that we make available or by sending an email to an email address
that we display, you may be required to provide us with certain
information such as your name and email address.
If you contact us for technical support, we'll manage our response and
your original enquiry via Zendesk.
Our Site may utilize "cookies", anonymous identifiers and other
tracking technologies in order to for us to provide our Site and
present you with information that is customized for you.  A "cookie"
is a small text file that may be used, for example, to collect
information about activity on the Site.  Certain cookies and other
technologies may serve to recall Personal Information, such as an
IP address, previously indicated by a user.  Most browsers allow you
to control cookies, including whether or not to accept them and how
to remove them.  You may set most browsers to notify you if you
receive a cookie, or you may choose to block cookies with your browser,
though if you do so you will not be able to access areas of the sites
which require you to log in.
We make use of log files. The information inside the log files includes
internet protocol (IP) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service
Provider (ISP), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, clicked pages
and any other information your browser may send to us.  We may use
such information to analyze trends, administer the Site, monitor
performance, help with technical support enquiries, and track user's
movement around the Site. We expire these activity logs after thirty
days.
For site monitoring and traffic analysis we integrate with three third
parties:
Google Analytics
,
New Relic
and
Scout
. These services work with
aggregate data to collect information about use of the Service. They
do not identify individuals. We anonymise your IP address before we
share it with Google Analytics.  Google Analytics collects information
such as how often users visit the Service, what pages they visit when
they do so, and what other sites they used prior to coming to the
Service. We use the information we get from Google Analytics to
maintain and improve the Service and our products. We do not combine
the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with
personally identifiable information. Google’s ability to use and share
information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to and use
of the Service is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Service,
available at
http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html
,
and the Google Privacy Policy, available at
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
.
You may learn more about how
Google collects and processes data specifically in connection with
Google Analytics at
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
.
You may prevent your data from being used by Google Analytics by
downloading and installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on,
available at
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/
.
We store minimal contact information for employees of the publishers
we work with for performing the contracts, so we can fulfil our
obligations to both the subscribers and the publisher.
We store minimal contact information for prospective publishers on the
legal basis of legitimate interest, as we believe our services can
enhance their business.
We store minimal contact information for prospective institutional
subscribers on the legal basis of legitimate interest, as we believe
our platform and the content it offers can enhance their services.
Purchasing Subscriptions
If you purchase a subscription through iTunes, the Google Play store or
the Kindle Fire then Apple, Google or Amazon respectively will record
and retain their own records of that transaction. Similarly, PayPal or
Stripe will retain their own records if you use them to pay for a
purchase.
Some of our publishing partners sell subscriptions directly which allow
you to register a unique identifier with us to claim digital access
("Universal" subscriptions). Publishers are able to see which of these
identifiers have been registered.
Choice
When we contact you by email, we may do so via a third-party service
provider
(
SendGrid
or
Brevo
).
You may choose not to receive future promotional,
advertising, or other Site-related emails from us by selecting an
unsubscribe link at the bottom of each email that we send.  Please note
that even if you opt out of receiving the foregoing emails, we may
still send you a response to any "Contact Us" request as well as
administrative emails (for example, in connection with a password
reset request) that are necessary to facilitate your use of the Site.
Children's Information
The Site is not structured to attract children under the age of 13
years.  Accordingly, we do not intend to collect Personal Information
from anyone we know to be under 13 years.  If we learn that we have
collected Personal Information from a child under 13 years, we will
delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we
might have any such information, please contact us at
support@exacteditions.com
.
Security
The security of Personal Information is important to us.  We follow
generally accepted industry standards, including the use of appropriate
administrative, physical and technical safeguards, to protect the
Personal Information submitted to us.  However, no method of
transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage,
is 100% secure. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially
acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot
guarantee its absolute security or confidentiality. If you have any
questions about security on the Service, you can contact us at
support@exacteditions.com
.
Disclosure of Your Personal Information
We may disclose your Personal Information or any information you
submitted via the Site if we have a good faith belief that disclosure
of such information is helpful or reasonably necessary to: (i) comply
with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental
request; (ii) enforce our Terms, including investigations of potential
violations thereof; (iii) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud
or security  issues; or (iv) protect against harm to the rights,
property or safety of Exact Editions, our users, yourself or the
public.
In the event that we are acquired by or merged with a third party
entity, or in the event of bankruptcy or a comparable event, we reserve
the right to transfer or assign Personal Information in connection
with the foregoing events.
Commitment
We are committed to protecting your privacy. Protecting your privacy
online is an evolving area, and we are constantly evolving our Service
to meet these demands. If you have any comments or questions regarding
our Privacy Policy, or your Personal Information that we may be storing
and using, please contact us at
support@exacteditions.com
.
Details of Variations
21 February 2025: Updated to include Brevo as a third-party mail service.
May 21, 2018
: Updated to reflect GDPR
18 October 2013
: Updated to include location information.
8 April 2013
: Updated to include New Relic and Flurry.
25 May 2011
: Updated to include iTunes in-app purchases and Google Analytics.
25 November 2005
: Posted.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Sub-policy 1
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Many websites and apps use Google services to improve their content and keep it free. When they integrate our services, these sites and apps share information with Google.
For example, when you visit a website that uses advertising services like AdSense, including analytics tools like Google Analytics, or embeds video content from YouTube, your web browser automatically sends certain information to Google. This includes the URL of the page you’re visiting and your IP address. We may use the IP address, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also
set cookies on your browser
or read cookies that are already there. Apps that use Google advertising services also share information with Google, such as the name of the app and a unique identifier for advertising.
Google uses the information shared by sites and apps to deliver our services, maintain and improve them, develop new services, measure the effectiveness of advertising, protect against fraud and abuse, and personalize content and ads you see on Google and on our partners’ sites and apps. See our
Privacy Policy
to learn more about how we process data for each of these purposes and our
Advertising
page for more about Google ads, how your information is used in the context of advertising, and how long Google stores this information.
Our
Privacy Policy
explains the legal grounds Google relies upon to process your information — for example, we may process your information with your consent or to pursue legitimate interests such as providing, maintaining and improving our services to meet the needs of our users.
Sometimes, when processing information shared with us by sites and apps, those sites and apps will ask for your consent before allowing Google to process your information. For example, a banner may appear on a site asking for consent for Google to process the information that site collects. When that happens, we will respect the purposes described in the consent you give to the site or app, rather than the legal grounds described in the Google Privacy Policy. If you want to change or withdraw your consent, you should visit the site or app in question to do so.
Ad personalization
If ad personalization is turned on, Google will use your information to make your ads more useful for you. For example, a website that sells mountain bikes might use Google's ad services. After you visit that site, you could see an ad for mountain bikes on a different site that shows ads served by Google.
If ad personalization is off, Google will not collect or use your information to create an ad profile or personalize the ads Google shows to you. You will still see ads, but they may not be as useful. Ads may still be based on the topic of the website or app you're looking at, your current search terms, or on your general location, but not on your interests, search history, or browsing history. Your information can still be used for the other purposes mentioned above, such as to measure the effectiveness of advertising and protect against fraud and abuse.
When you interact with a website or app that uses Google services, you may be asked to choose whether you want to see personalized ads from ad providers, including Google. Regardless of your choice, Google will not personalize the ads you see if your ad personalization setting is off or your account is ineligible for personalized ads.
You can see and control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your
ad settings
.
How you can control the information collected by Google on these sites and apps
Here are some of the ways you can control the information that is shared by your device when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services:
Ad Settings
helps you control ads you see on Google services (such as Google Search or YouTube), or on non-Google websites and apps that use Google ad services. You can also
learn how
ads are personalized, opt out of ad personalization, and block specific advertisers.
If you are signed in to your Google Account, and depending on your Account settings,
My Activity
allows you to review and control data that’s created when you use Google services, including the information we collect from the sites and apps you have visited. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Many websites and apps use Google Analytics to understand how visitors engage with their sites or apps. If you don’t want Analytics to be used in your browser, you can
install the Google Analytics browser add-on
. Learn more about
Google Analytics and privacy
.
Incognito mode in Chrome
allows you to browse the web without recording webpages and files in your browser or Account history (unless you choose to sign in). Cookies are deleted after you've closed all of your incognito windows and tabs, and your bookmarks and settings are stored until you delete them. Learn more about
cookies
. Using Incognito mode in Chrome or other private browsing modes does not prevent the collection of data when you visit websites that use Google services, and Google may still collect data when you visit websites using these browsers.
Many browsers, including Chrome, allow you to block third-party cookies. You can also clear any existing cookies from within your browser. Learn more about
managing cookies in Chrome
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語