Software Privacy Policy
Last update: Apr. 3, 2018
Yamaha Corporation and its subsidiaries are referred to in this Privacy Policy as "Yamaha," "we," or "us." Users of the Software are referred to as "You."
Yamaha places great importance on protecting your privacy.
This notice describes the Yamaha Corporation's Privacy Policy with respect to your usage of the Software.
By using the Software, you are accepting and consenting to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
If you do not agree with any term in this Privacy Policy, please do not download, install, copy, or otherwise use this Software.
The Software sends non-personally identifying anonymous usage data to third party vendors solely for Yamaha to analyze and improve the Software and relevant product or service. Yamaha and the third party vendors may collect and store statistic data, including type of device and its OS version, access countries, number of users, date and time of each user request, and other information about how you interact with the Software.
This Software uses cookies. A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we put on the Software if you agree.
The cookies we use are analytical cookies which allow us to recognize and count the statistic data as foregoing.
Yamaha does not obtain your personally identifiable information nor use cookies to obtain personally identifiable information about any users.
Yamaha (Yamaha Corporation and its subsidiaries) may share the statistic data solely to analyze and improve the Software and relevant product or service. The statistic data will be shared with third party vendors solely to help us analyze and improve the Software and relevant product or service.
The third party vendors will not have the right to use or disclose the statistic data we provide to them except as necessary to provide services to us.
The statistic data may be disclosed if we are required to do so to comply with laws, subpoenas, court orders or other legal process.
Yamaha may update or revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will display a current version of our Privacy Policy at this page. If you use the Software after we revise this Privacy Policy you are accepting and consenting to the terms of the revised Privacy Policy.
If you do not agree with any term in this Privacy Policy, please do not use this Software.
If you have comments or questions about this Privacy Policy, please visit the Customer Support section of Yamaha web site, or contact us by mail at:
Yamaha Corporation
10-1, Nakazawa-cho, Naka-ku, Hamamatsu, Shizuoka, 430-8650, Japan