Privacy Policy
Document revised: January, 2021
Table of Contents
Introduction
Kids Privacy Assured by PRIVO
What information is collected and how it is used
Advanced Features
Cookies, IP Addresses and Clear GIFs
Third Parties
Security Practices
Disclosure
Links
Customer Service
Communications within Website
No Other Information
Modifications
Reviewing Personal Information
Note to EU CITIZENS
Contacting Us
1. Introduction
Welcome and thank you for visiting Woozworld’s website located at
www.woozworld.com
(the "
Website
"). At Woozworld Inc., a company based in Montreal, Province of Quebec in Canada (“
Woozworld
”, “
we
”, “
us
” or “
our
”), we are committed to protecting the online privacy of our members and guests of our Website. To that end, we have designed this privacy policy (the “
Policy
”) to address your questions and concerns about our practices and principles for personal information (“
PI
”), including how we collect, use and disclose such information.
If you are a minor, your parent or legal guardian (a “Parent”) must review the
Code of Conduct
, this Policy and the
Terms of Use
of the Website with you.
Woozworld offers the Website to the Parents and their children (referred to as “
you
”, “
your
” or “
user
”) in accordance with this Policy. Parents, please help us protect your children’s privacy by instructing them never to provide PII on this Website or any other without your permission.
Woozworld applies its best efforts and generally accepted industry standards to protect the confidentiality, security and integrity of your PII. We do not collect or keep any PII from you unless you volunteer it. A child’s participation in an activity is not conditional to the child providing more PII than is reasonably necessary for that activity.
This Policy is applicable to the Website and all associated products and services available on the Website. It summarizes Woozworld’s data collection policies and practices on the Website and does not apply to the practices of companies that Woozworld does not own or control, or to people that Woozworld does not employ or manage.
2. Kids Privacy Assured by PRIVO:
Kids Privacy Assured by PRIVO: COPPA Safe Harbor Certification & GDPRkids™
Woozworld Inc. is a member of the PRIVO Kids Privacy Assured Program (“the Program”) for COPPA Safe Harbor Certification and GDPRkids™. PRIVO is an independent, third-party organization committed to safeguarding children's personal information collected online.
COPPA Safe Harbor Certification
The Program certification applies to the digital properties listed on the validation page that is viewable by clicking on the PRIVO COPPA certification Seal. The certification Seal posted on this page indicates Woozworld Inc. has established COPPA compliant privacy practices and has agreed to submit to PRIVO’s oversight and consumer dispute resolution process. If you have questions or concerns about our privacy practices, please contact us at +1 (514) 281-8999 or
support@woozworld.com
. If you have further concerns after you have contacted us, you can contact PRIVO directly at
privacy@privo.com
.
GDPRkids™ Privacy Assured
The Program applies to the digital properties listed on the validation page that is viewable by clicking on the PRIVO
GDPR
kids™ Verified Shield. The PRIVO
GDPR
kids™ Privacy Assured Program supports child directed services known as Information Society Services under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), to comply with the requirements of this legislation. It impacts any child directed service in an EU Member State and any service globally that collects and or processes the personal data of children and minors. There is no safe harbor for the GDPR to date, but to ensure this company's services meet the program requirements, we conduct regular monitoring and consulting.
3. What information is collected and how it is used
When an account is created, the user’s
date of birth
,
gender
and
email address
are requested. If the user is under the age of 13 in, the US, the
Parent’s email
is also required. Woozworld will communicate by email with the Parent notifying the Parent that the account was created and giving the Parent the option to ask for the account deletion along with all the PI collected at registration. The email address of a child under 13 will only be used for login and password reminder purposes. Woozworld will communicate with a child of 13  and over when the account is created, to validate the child’s email address.
The age and gender are used to provide the appropriate experience as aggregate statistical data to gain insight within the Website’s audience. The age is also used, as explained above, to determine if a user is under the age of 13 in the US or under the age of consent in the respective EU member state in order to obtain the Parent’s email.
If the user is under the age of consent in their respective EU Member State, we request parent consent by opting in. If the parent doesn’t consent all personal data collected will  be deleted after 30 days.
Your email can be used to identify your account if you contact Woozworld for any questions or assistance. The child’s email address will never be publicly visible in the advanced features and the Parent’s email address is never visible anywhere. Within the scope of the advanced features, Woozworld will send you communications such as updates, notifications, promotional invitations and news concerning the Website, through the games messaging system.
The text entered in the WoozIn, as well as in-game chat and in private messages are filtered through
CommunitySift
smart filtering system, which aims to prevent, amongst other things, the user from exchanging PI such as phone numbers or email addresses with other users. CommunitySift does not share our user’s information with any other third parties.
Depending on the user’s method of payment in our online stores (and if they are over 13 years old in the US or above the age of consent in the respective EU member state), some additional PI will be requested as described below. We use Secure Sockets Layer technology to protect credit card data during transmission and our transaction operators adopt strict internal procedures to safeguard this information in their system. Our payment solution providers are also under contract to safeguard your PI and not to share it under any circumstances.
Content Retention Policy
When you cancel your account, we keep your data on our servers for at least 30 days in case you change your mind. Beyond that we purge account data from our servers on a regular basis. The purge removes all personal information from the account, blocks your woozin, unfriends all contacts and locks all virtual spaces. You can specifically request to have your request reversed by contacting us and filling in this form
https://www.woozworld.com/support/contact?cacr
before the 30 days. Anything you delete on your account while it's active will also be permanently deleted.
The following private information is kept while the account is active:
cookie id as visitor unique identifier
email as account unique identifier
avatar name
IP
4. Advanced Features
Communications
As explained above, Woozworld may send you updates, notifications, promotional invitations or news concerning the Website through the games messaging system.
Contests and surveys
If you participate in our contests and surveys no PI will be required to do so. If you win a prize within a contest, which needs to be awarded outside the Website, we will communicate with you through the validated email address provided when you created your account and will agree with you how to award your prize. If you are under the age of 13 in the US or under the age of consent in the respective EU member state, these arrangements will be taken care of with your Parent and your Parent’s full verifiable consent will be required in order to provide us your
mailing address
and other PI needed to award your prize.
Online Stores
We offer the opportunity to purchase products in our online stores. When a user places an order, our third party’s transaction processor will require the following PI for a payment:
by credit card:
username
,
full name of card holder
,
email address
,
mailing address
and
credit card information
;  or
by cell phone (SMS):
username
,
cell phone number
and
email address
.
After an order online is placed, we send a confirmation email message and/or a SMS depending on the payment method. We may also send an occasional email featuring a special promotion or product that may be of interest to you. Any user who prefers not to receive promotional emails can indicate this preference in the account settings. Please note that, for legal reasons and for your protection, it is not possible to unsubscribe from transaction confirmation notifications when buying from the Website.
For purchases made by credit card or through a PayPal account, the purchaser must be at least 18 year old and have a valid credit card or bank account. The SMS payment solutions are not offered to users under the age of consent in their respective EU member state or under 13 years old in the United-States of America.
Upcoming developments
We are always working on new ideas to make the Website even more fun. We may send notification through the games messaging system to promote challenges, contests, leaderboard updates, new games and weekly digests.
5. Cookies, IP Addresses and Clear GIFs
A
cookie
is a small file that we save on your computer's hard drive and that contains non-personal information. Cookies help to give you faster access to pages you have already visited and allow you to personalize your pages. They help you to participate in some activities or events on the Website. If you leave the Website and return, cookies allow us to quickly display your collected items and game progress upon your return. We also use cookies to help us count the number of visits on the Website, track which sections of the Website are most visited and find out the length of time spent in the different sections. This information helps us understand which sections and features are appreciated or need improvement. Cookies are not used to collect and share with third parties any PI for any users under the age of 13 in the United States or users under the age of consent in their respective EU member state. If you are a parent and suspect that your child has falsely declared his age, please contact us immediately. If you wish to know more about web browsing activities and how to opt-out of interest-based advertising, please visit this page:
http://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-advertising/what-are-my-options
We collect
Internet protocol (“IP”) addresses
, which is the automatic number assigned to your computer when you surf on Internet. We may use your IP address (i) to gather statistics on geographical distribution of our users, (ii) as a geographic filter for specific features or offers per location or (iii) to help us investigate in the case of bad behavior like account theft, hacking or bullying, and provide the information to authorities in the case of a police investigation for a serious crime.
We also use other technology called Clear GIFs to provide us with other important anonymous information, such as when an email has been opened.
Cookies, IP address and Clear GIFs are not connected to any PI.
6. Third Parties
Except for third parties required in operating the Website as described previously and except as described below, we never share PI with people or companies outside Woozworld or sell it. Before Woozworld discloses any user’s PI to a third party as provided herein, the third party agreed to maintain the confidentiality and security of the information. The following applies to all users. Once the account has been created and the user’s age has been determined to be 13 or older in the US or above the age of consent in the respective EU member state and opted in, the account becomes subject to regular advertisement. If the user’s age is below 13 in the US or below the age of consent in the respective EU member state, the account is subject to contextual advertising only. Users without an account are always considered to be below the age of consent in their respective region  and subject to contextual advertising  only. For more information on our third parties/partners, please click
here
.
If you are outside the US or Canada your data may be transferred to a country that does not afford the same level of protection as the laws of certain other countries.  In those cases, Woozworld will put in place appropriate safeguards to protect your personal information in connection with the transfer. You can at any time contact us for more information on such transfers and the safeguards put in place
7. Security Practices
Securing your data is a priority for us. We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect your personal information and ensure a level of security appropriate to the risk. In that sense, Woozworld complies with data protection law and follow good practice
8. Disclosure
The only other situations where we may disclose PII to third parties would be to protect the security or integrity of the Website, to take precautions against liability, or to respond to judicial processes, legitimate requests by law enforcement officials or as otherwise required in order to comply with applicable law.
9. Links
Please take note that the Website may contain links to third party sites ("
Linked Sites
") and any activities you engage in connection with a Linked Site are subject to the privacy policy and terms of use as defined by the operator of the Linked Site. Please read Website's
Terms of Use
for further details.
WOOZWORLD DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL LIABILITY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED IN CONNECTION WITH ANY LINKED SITES.
10. Customer Service
If you contact customer service by email, we will ask for your email address and name of Woozen. If you contact customer service by telephone, you may be asked for your email and/or phone number. The PI provided within a customer service request will not be used for any other reason than to respond to your specific request and the telephone number of a user under the age of 13 in the US and under the age of consent in the respective EU member state will not be stored in the system.
11. Communications within Website
Woozworld may, at its sole discretion, record or store communications submitted through messages, bulletin boards, forums or chat rooms and may monitor, filter and review such communications for the purpose of monitoring content, enforcing Website rules, and investigating and detecting unauthorized use of the Website.
12. No Other Information
You will never be asked for any additional PI while using the Website.  We provide as many privacy protection measures as reasonably possible to insure that no other additional PI is communicated or exchanged within the Website. Woozworld employees and on-line moderators (known as Woozband avatars) will never ask you for additional PII.  NEVER GIVE YOUR PASSWORD UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES. Please be vigilant and report any user attempting to obtain PI or your password by contacting us at
our Help page
.
13. Modifications
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change this Policy to accommodate product improvement, new technologies, industry practices, regulatory requirements or for any other purposes.  We will provide notice to you and post a notice on the Website if these changes have material impact on Woozworld’s use of PI and, where required by applicable law, we will obtain your consent.  An updated version of this Policy is available at all times on the Website.  You are responsible for regularly reviewing this Policy.  Your continued use of the Website means you accept any changes in this Policy.
14. Reviewing Personal Information
Upon proper identification, you or your parents may review your PI, request change or deletion or refuse to allow further collection or use of the information by contacting us at
our Help page
or by telephone at +1 (514) 281-8999. However, if you or your parents ask us to delete any required PI advanced features, your access to those features will not be possible in the future.
15. Note to EU CITIZENS
Woozworld Inc, complies with the rights given to EU Citizens under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). These rights are as follows:
The right to have your personal information updated to ensure it is up-to-date and accurate;
The right to withdraw your consent to any processing that is currently being done under your consent;
The right to receive a copy of the personal information we hold about you.
Right to request that we delete personal information in certain circumstances;
The right to have us transfer to another controller the personal information that you have provided us with;
The right to request a restriction on the processing of your data in some limited circumstances;
Right to request that we stop processing your data.
For more information on how to action these rights please contact us at:
support@woozworld.com
If you are an EU citizen and would like to make a complaint about the way we process your personal data, you can contact the relevant Data Protection Authority (DPA) in your country. Please see here:
https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_en
16. Contacting Us
You can contact us with any concerns with respect to this Policy with the following contacts:
Email:
support@woozworld.com
Address:
Woozworld Inc.
Attention of Privacy Coordinator
55 ave Mont-Royal Ouest, bureau 720
Montreal (Québec), H2T 2S6
Canada