Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy is designed to assist you with understanding how
Invoice maker
(Includes not limited to
invoice maker
) collect, use and disclose the information you provide us when accessing or using the Website or Applications  The terms “you” and “your” refer to any User, whether individual or group entity, who use our Services (application) or visit our Website. This Policy describes the types of information that we may collect and hold; how we use and share the information; and how you can correct or change your personal data.
1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
When you visit our Website or using our Application, you may provide us with two types of information: personal information that you voluntarily disclose that is collected on an individual basis; and information collected automatically when you use our Website or the services available on our Website (collectively, the "Information"). By providing us with your Individual information or Institutional information, you also expressly agree that we may collect, hold, use and disclose your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. In addition to providing the aforementioned information, if you choose to correspond further with us through e-mail or through the "contact" section of our Website, we may retain, use and disclose the content of your messages together with your e-mail address and our responses. Depending on what stage the offered product is at (pre-start collection of applications; commence or rendering of the full Service; connection of additional services),
IT
has the right to:
collect provided information partially or in full;
process, use or transfer the information by all or part of the claimed methods;
stop collecting, processing, using, transferring and storing information.
Such changes shall not necessarily be announced by USMLE and may not be a reason for limitation of rights of Users, owners of the provided information and may not be a reason for any claims and charges against Wallpaperscraft.
2. WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
Individual information is collected only when it is voluntarily provided to us by Users on our Website or using Application, such as your:
Device identifier (for Application)
Cookies
Session activity
MAC address
Also if you contact us for getting support or with questions related to our terms of use or privacy policy, we can collect next information:
name of your Apple id or Google account
e-mail address
By providing us with your Individual information, you also consent for us to collect, hold, use and disclose your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
In addition to providing the foregoing information, if you choose to correspond further with us through e-mail or through the "contact" section of our Website, we may retain, use and disclose the content of your messages together with your e-mail address and our responses.
We do not collect or process any personal sensitive information about you (information revealing your racial and ethnic origin, religious and political views, membership in professional organization, sexual prefernces).
3. WHAT INFORMATION IS COLLECTED AUTOMATICALLY?
When you use our Website or services available on our Website, we automatically collect information from your devices. We collect the following information:
Server Log Information: We collect server log information when you use our Website, which may include (but is not limited to) your login details, the date and time of visits, the pages viewed, your IP address, time spent at our Website and the websites you visit just before and just after our Website.
Device Information: We collect information about the computer or mobile device you use to access our Website, including the hardware model, operating system and version, the web browser you use, and other device identifiers.
Telemetry Information. If you use any of our open source software, we may collect bandwidth upload and download speeds, the amount of free and used storage space on your device and other statistics about your device.
Usage Information. If you use our Website, we will collect metadata about the files you upload for storage and we will record instances in which you have used your private key to authenticate communications.
Information Collected by Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies: We and our service providers use various technologies to collect information when you interact with our Website, including cookies and web beacons. Cookies are small data files that are stored on your device when you visit a website, which enable us to collect information about your device identifiers, IP address, web browsers used to access the Website, pages or features viewed, time spent on pages, mobile app performance and links clicked. Web beacons are graphic images that are placed on a website or in an email that is used to monitor the behavior of the user visiting the website or sending the email. They are often used in combination with cookies.
4. USE OF INFORMATION
We will only use the Information for purposes of:
providing, maintaining, delivering or improving our Website or the products or services provided by us our partners;
analyzing and tracking data to determine the usefulness or popularity of certain content and to better understand the online activity of our Website users;
providing you with the information or products or services;
answering your inquiry or responding to a communication from you;
developing new products or services;
sending you technical notices, support or administrative notifications;
communicating with you about news, products, services, events and other information we think will be of interest to you or required to be received from you;
matching your Information with open data and other resources;
monitoring and analyzing trends, usage and activities in connection with our Website;
detecting, investigating and preventing potential fraudulent or unauthorized or illegal transactions or activities;
protecting the rights and property of Parties (as defined below) and others;
linking, connecting or combining Information we collect from or about you with other Information;
to process transactions and send notices about your transactions;
to verify your identity by comparing your personal information against third-party databases;
to send administrative or account-related information to you;
to provide a personalized experience and implement your requested preferences;
to enhance security, prevent fraud, monitor and verify identity or service access, combat spam, malware and other security risks;
to deliver targeted marketing, service update notices, and promotional offers based on your communication preferences (where this is in accordance with the law);
to interact with you on third party social networks (subject to that network's terms of use);
to communicate with you about our events or our partner events;
to resolve disputes, collect fees, and troubleshoot problems;
to comply with legal obligations;
to enforce our agreements with third parties; and for quality control and staff training; and
carrying out any other purpose or reason for which the Information was collected.
5. RIGHTS IN RELATION TO USE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
5.1. Rights of access, correction and deletion. You have the right of access to your personal information that we hold, and to some related information. You can also require any inaccurate personal information to be corrected or deleted.
5.2. Right to object. You have the right to object to our use of your personal information for direct marketing purposes at any time and you may have the right to object to our processing of some or all of your personal information (and require them to be deleted) in some other circumstances. If you wish to exercise any of these rights, please contact us as set out below.
6. PROTECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We take reasonable steps to protect the security of the information communicated through our Website. However, no computer security system is entirely foolproof and the Internet is not a secure method of transmitting information. As a result, you indemnify and we do not assume any responsibility for the data you submit to or receive from us through the Internet or for any unauthorized access or use of that information and we cannot and do not guarantee that information communicated by you to us or sent to you by us will be received or that it will not be altered before or after its transmission to us.
You may also opt out of receiving promotional communications from us at any time by following the instructions in those communications. If you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional communications, such as technical notices, support or administrative notifications or information about your account (if you have one).
We respect the rights of our users to privacy and personal data protection. In case of leakage of specified information you will be informed by us within 72 hours.
7. CHANGES IN OUR PRIVACY POLICY
We may change this Privacy Policy in our sole discretion at any time. Any revisions to this Privacy Policy will be posted with the Website. User agrees that it is User's obligation to visit our Website to review any changes that may be made to this Privacy Policy and other public documents with the Website. If you continue to use our Services or Website after such changes have been made, you hereby automatically provide your consent to the changes. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, you shall exit the Website or delete Application and are not authorized to use it until such time as you do agree.
8.CONTACT TO US
Contact us via
serve@invoicemaker.asia
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it