Privacy Policy
Dear User!
We take great care to protect your privacy. Below you will find the most important information about the principles of our processing of your personal data and the cookies used by our website. This information has been prepared in accordance with the GDPR, or general data protection regulation.
PERSONAL DATA ADMINISTRATOR (“Administrator”)
Artur Spychalski, an entrepreneur conducting business activity under the name SkullMedia Artur Spychalski, entered into the Central Register and Information on Economic Activity kept by the Minister of Development and Finance, NIP 5922292367, REGON no. 524191477.
PERSONAL DATA AND PRIVACY
If you intend to set up a User Account and use our services, you will be asked to provide us with your personal data.Your data is processed by us for the purposes indicated below, related to the functioning of the Website and the provision of services offered therein (“Services”).
Purpose of processing:
Depending on what you decide on, it may be:
– Activation of the application license in the API and activation of the application– Fulfillment of your orders– Sending the newsletter– Delivery of the ordered offer
Basis for processing:
– Sales agreement (Article 6, paragraph 1, letter b of the GDPR)– Legal obligation imposed on us, e.g. related to accounting (Article 6, paragraph 1, letter c of the GDPR)– Your consent expressed in the Store (Article 6, paragraph 1, letter a of the GDPR)– Service provision agreement (Article 6, paragraph 1, letter b of the GDPR)– Our legitimate interest in determining, pursuing or defending claims (Article 6, paragraph 1, letter f of the GDPR)
Provision of data:
Voluntary, but in some cases In some cases, it may be necessary to conclude a contract or present an offer.
Effect of failure to provide data:
Depending on the purpose for which the data is provided
:– inability to register on the Website– inability to use the services of the Website– inability to make purchases on the Website– inability to receive information about promotions or special offers offered on the Website
Possibility to withdraw consent:
– at any timeData processing until you withdraw your consent remains lawful.
PROCESSING PERIOD
We will process your data only for the period in which we have a legal basis for it, i.e. until:
– we cease to be bound by a legal obligation to process your data– the possibility of pursuing claims related to the agreement concluded by the Service by either party ceases– you withdraw your consent to data processing, if it was its basis– depending on what applies in a given case and what will happen at the latest.
DATA SECURITY
When processing your personal data, we use organizational and technical measures in accordance with the applicable legal regulations.
YOUR RIGHTS
You have the right to request:
– access to your personal data– rectification– deletion– restriction of processing
And also the right to:
– object to processing– request transfer of data to another administratorContact us if you want to exercise your rights.If you believe that your data is being processed unlawfully, you can file a complaint with the supervisory authority.
COOKIES
Our Service, like most websites, uses so-called cookies. These files:– are saved in the memory of your device (computer, phone, etc.)– allow you, among other things, to use all the functions of the Service– do not cause changes to your device settings
Using the appropriate options of your browser, you can at any time:
– delete cookies– block the use of cookies in the future
In this Service, cookies are used for the following purposes:
– remembering information about your session– statistical– marketing– providing the functions of the ServiceTo learn how to manage cookies, including how to disable them in your browser, you can use your browser’s help file. You can read information on this topic by pressing the F1 key in your browser. In addition, you will find appropriate instructions on the following subpages, depending on the browser you are using:– Firefox– Chrome– Safari– Internet Explorer / Microsoft Edge
If you do not disable the use of cookies in your browser settings, it means that you consent to their use.
You can find more information about cookies on Wikipedia.
EXTERNAL SERVICES / DATA RECIPIENTS
We use the services of external entities to which your data may be transferred. Below is a list of these entities:– payment provider– accounting office– hosting provider– entity facilitating the optimization of the Service– software provider facilitating business activities (e.g. accounting software)– software provider needed to run an online store
CONTACT THE ADMINISTRATOR
Do you want to exercise your rights regarding personal data?Or maybe you just want to ask about something related to our Privacy Policy?Write to email address:contact@smoothwizard.com