You have to enable JavaScript to run this app.
i24NEWS
Privacy policy
Privacy policy
POLICY OF PROTECTION OF PERSONAL DATA
The Policy of Protection of Personal Data forms an integral part of the General Conditions of Use (CGSU) and is made available to Users from the Site and from the Application and from the Application in the “Personal Data” rubric. It offers you guarantees given by our company with regard to compliance with the applicable Regulation as to your private life, provides you with information as to the categories of Personal Data that we treat, the manner in which we use them, the categories of addressees to which we transmit them, as well as the rights that you enjoy.
1.	Definitions
The following terms, whether used in in singular or in the plural in the present The Policy of Protection of Personal Data, shall have the definition hereunder:
Archiving in an active database
refers to the saving of Personal Data in a current user base, such storage meeting the purposes foreseen herein, including, in particular, the provision of the services offered by the Site and the Application under the contract made with the surfers having accepted the CGSUs.
Intermediate Archiving:
refers to the relocation of Personal Data that still have administrative interest for the Controller (such as in case of a dispute and/or in case of a legal obligation) to a distinct, logically and physically separate database to which access is restricted in any event. This archive is an intermediate stage before the deletion or anonymization of the Personal Data in question.
Policy of Protection of Data with Personal Character / Policy/ Policy of Protection of Personal Data:
[These terms] refer to the present Policy of Protection of Personal Data and of protection of the Personal Data of visitors, users, clients of our Site and of the Application implemented by our company as a Controller and form an integral part of the CGSU.
The Policy of Protection of Personal Data does not apply to the sites and applications of our Partners or to the practices of third-party companies on which we have no control whatsoever.
CGSU:
Refers to the General Conditions of Service and Use https://www.i24news.tv/en/legals-mentions
Cookies
Refer to an ensemble of information entered in the user Terminal, while the user surfs on the Site and on the Application. This information can originate from the site editor (“editor” or “first” cookies) or other entities (“third-party cookies” or “partner cookies. The main destination of the cookies is to permit to web servers to link to one another the successive requests originating from a same Terminal. They are materialized in the form of a text file. The use of the term “Cookies” within the Policy also includes Tracers and Tags unless otherwise ordered.
Personal Datum (Data)/ Data with personal character
Refer, for the intents and purposes of the applicable Regulation, any information related to an identified or identifiable natural person, and, for the intents and purposes of the present Personal Data of visitors, users, clients of the site and of the application which, under the applicable Regulation, are collected and processed for the aims herein.
DPO	The Data Protection Officer of our company can be contacted at dpo@i24news.tv.
Regulation as to Personal Data/ Applicable Regulation:
Refers to Law no. 78-17 dated 6 January 1978, on information technology, databases and civil liberties, amended by Law no. 2018-493 dated 20 June 2018 and by Ordinance no. 2018-1125 dated 12 December 2018 as applied by article 32 of Law no. 2018-493 dated 20 June 2018 as to protection of Personal Data (“Law on Information Technology and Civil Liberty”), in application of the Community Regulation dated 27 April 2016 published in the Official Gazette of the European Union on 4 May 2016 on the protection of physical persons from the point of view of Data with Personal Character and of the free circulation of such data (“RGPD” – General Information for Data Protection).
Controller:
Refers to our company I24NEWS SARL, which was incorporated under the Law of Luxemburg, which registered office at 5 rue Eugene Ruppert - L-2453 Luxemburg.
Subcontractors
refer to third-party companies of trust engaged to process personal data on behalf and in accordance with the instructions issued by our company, in particular in matters of hosting (such as Microsoft Azure), and, in general, all the information services and providers of analytical solutions necessary for the editing, putting online, maintenance of the Site and of the Application, financial management of paying subscriptions to the Site and the Application, such as CLEENG, APPLE (App Store®), GOOGLE (Play Store®), etc.
Services	Refer to any service of communication to the public online and/or journalistic contents made available by our company.
Site
Application
The site refers to the online Service(s) of communication to the public, edited by our Company, accessible by a User via its connection terminal  and located at the URL address(es) www.__ and/or any other address added to it or replacing it. The Site(s) permit(s) free access to the journalistic content as it is put on line, subject to a paying subscription to the flow of information and audiovisual programs broadcast live or replay (catch-up television) by our television service “i24news”.
refers to the Service(s) edited by our Company, accessible by a User via the interface previously downloaded on the Play Store® of Android and/or on the App Store® of Apple.
The dispositions related to the Site are applicable mutatis mutandis to the Application and conversely.
Session Storage
refers to a data storage space within the browser within the very browser (Web Storage), whose “(Web Storage) interface memorizes the data related to the duration of a browsing station, and whose scope is limited to the active window and tab. When it is closed, its data are deleted.
Tag
refers to a code portion generally provided by an editor of visitor traffic solutions (Web Analytics) or a publicity agency. It permits calling a code located on the servers of this third party in order to carry out the data transmission operations for the publicity purposes of Web Analytics.
Tracers
refer to an ensemble of technical means permitting to follow up the browsing and the actions of the Terminal connected on the web, such as viewing of a newsletter sent by mail, clicking an ad or a link to a web site. The Tracers cover the Cookies.
Processing:
refers, for the intents and purposes of the applicable Regulation, any operation of any ensemble of operations carried out or not with the help of automated procedures and applied to Personal Data such as collection, registration, organization, structuring, saving, adaptation or modification, extraction, consultation, use, communication by transmission, broadcasting by any other form of provision, reconciliation or interconnection, limitation, deletion or destruction.
“Terminal(s)”:
refers to the hardware (computer, tablet, smartphone, telephone, etc.) utilized by the surfers, whether they are visitors, users, clients for viewing of for display of the Site and Application and/or any digital support edited by a third party.
Acceptance of the Policy of Protection of Personal Data and Legal Bases of the Processing
As soon as you access the Site and the Application, property of I24NEWS SARL and accessible in the French, English and Arabic languages, you recognize having taken knowledge of the present Policy of Protection of Personal Data and of the GCSU.
In this connection, you shall be notified that, as part of the automatic Processing of your Personal Data, the latter are saved, stored, managed, accessible and used in compliance with the applicable Regulation and with the present Policy, for the aims mentioned herein.
It is hereby specified that Processing is necessary for:
1.	The execution of the contract to which you are party or the execution of precontractual measures undertaken at your request.
In order to use the Site and the Application and to take advantage of their services, you have accepted the CGSU as well as, if need be, the CGV. These documents formalize a contractual relation between you and our company in its quality of Controller, and, in particular, they serve as a legal basis for the collection and Processing of your Personal Data by our company in its quality of Controller/
2.	The carrying out of a given number of Processing operations related to the execution of our contractual relation, whose aims mentioned herein. (see hereunder, article III).
You have the option of accepting or denying the collection and the Processing by complying with the procedure presented on our Site and in the application. You can also manage your confidentiality parameters by going to the dedicated page.
Unless they have reached the age of numerical majority, minors are under the control of their legal representatives. Any use and/or entry on the Site and in the Application and any authorization with regard to Personal Data Processing communicated shall be the sole responsibility of the legal representatives, who have the duty of control and vigilance, for which I24NEWS SARL cannot be held liable.
In general, you can also consult the CNIL site to know your rights in this matter: www.cnil.fr/fr/comprendre-vos-droits.
I.OBJECT
In its quality of Controller, I24NEWS SARL assures the protection of your private life and of your Personal Data that it collects, processes, saves, stores and transfers directly or indirectly via all Subcontractors and Partners, whenever you visit or use the Site and the Application in the conditions and for the aims set forth herein.
We make sure not to be unaware of the interests or the fundamental rights and liberties by permitting you, at any moment, to object, in whole or in part, to the Processing described in the present Policy, in compliance with the applicable Regulation and in the conditions of paragraph VIII hereunder.
II. COLLECTED DATA
By Personal Data shall be understood the data specified hereunder, concerning you as a natural person, as processed by I24NEWS SARL or by the Subcontractors thereof upon your visit, browsing and/or use of the Site and of the Application:
2.1	Identification data
They refer to your personal information that you provide voluntarily (a) upon your first visit or browsing of the Site or of the Application, upon your registration in a personal account, to the extent of your use thereof and (b) upon your publications in the particular form of comments.
a.	As such are processed, in case of registration in a personal account, the following data:
-	Connection identifier and encrypted password,
-	The connection data in the course of your browsing on the Site and/or Application (date, time, IP address, pages accessed, types of protocols used for the connection);
-	Genre
-	Your name, surname, pseudonym
-	Your place of residence (country);
-	Your language;
-	Your e-mail address.
In this connection, you declare and guarantee before us that your identification data are accurate, complete, honest and updated, i.e. deleted and/or amended regularly in case of change of any of these identification data.
You are free to make your identification data pubic in your personal account or to restrict access to them. Should you decide to make them public, you recognize and guarantee that you are solely liable for the lack of confidentiality of the identification data.
b.	By posting a comment on the Site and on the Application, the Personal Data processed are included in the user data mentioned above in paragraph (a) and also concern the content of the comments posted to permit moderation in case of complaint.
2.2	User data
They refer to your Personal Data listed hereunder, which we process automatically for the aims set forth herein, directly or via Subcontractors and/or service providers, or by means of cookies and other technical tracing procedures (Cookies, Tracers, Tags, Web Tags) implemented while you browse or use the Site or the Application, even if you are not registered via a personal account.
Cookies (or other Tracers such as Tags and/or web tags) are small text files containing a unique ID number, registered and stored on your terminal based on the communication between your browser and the Site and the Application that you visit and/or use.
Cookie use is a current practice and it is presently used by most Internet Sites and Applications. It allows us to identify your browser, to save the traces of your browsing and of your uses of the Site and of the Application, in order to improve your access and user experience.
More specifically, Personal Data collected from cookies generated in quality of Controller or by third parties permit:
•	To establish statistics and traffic and user volumes of the Site and of the Application, permitting to improve the interest and the ergonomics of our services;
•	To adjust the presentation of the Site and of the Application to the display preferences of your Terminals (language used, display resolution, operation system uses, etc.);
•	To memorize the information related to a form that you filled in on the Site and on the Application (registration or access to your account);
•	To allow you to access your personal account thanks to pre-registered identifiers;
•	To apply security measures, e.g. when you are required to reconnect to the Site or to the Application after a certain period of time;
1.	Technical data such as:
•	Data related to the Terminals that you use (smartphone, tablet, computer, etc.),
•	Their operation system (Mac Os, ios, Android, Windows, etc.),
•	The categories and versions of the Terminal plug-in,
•	The Internet access suppliers and the browsers used (Safari, Chrome, Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox etc.),
•	The user routes (complete URL routing to, via and from the Site and the Application)
•	Your IP address(es) of the Terminals used
•	The geo-localization data of the Terminals,
•	Your preferences in matter of languages
•	The dates and times of access of the Site and of the Application.
2.	Information related to your browsing and behavior on the Site and/or Application as mentioned in article III hereunder, in particular:
•	Page management (functionalities and services), when you post comments, place article under favorites, subscribe to the Newsletter, take one of our subscriptions or one of our partners’ subscriptions, permitting to establish statistics;
•	Identification of user routes (complete URL routing to, via and from the Site and the Application)
•	Personal information (age or age group, gender, declared or presumes socio-professional category, presumes centers of interest, etc.) related to your Internet activity and communicated by third parties (broadcasters, advertisement agencies).
3.	Information as to transactions and downloads that you can carry out on the site and on the Applocation.
We would like to specify that your identifiers and encrypted payment password, which you will be requested to enter in vase of a subscription to live broadcast of our I24news chain, by means of the Site and the Application, are processed solely by the CLEENG Company, or via APPLE and GOOGLE Store in accordance with their own charter and policy of protection of your data, which can be viewed through the following links:
-https://cleeng.com/legal
https://www.apple.com › Legal › Privacy Policy
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.onetrust.gdpr&hl=en
Our company has no access to them and does not collect them in any manner whatsoever.
4. If you use a mobile terminal, it is possible that the identifying data of your mobile device, the operators, its parameters and its characteristics be collected, processes automatically and transferred and stored in the same conditions as the aforementioned identification and user data.
At no moment do these Cookies permit you, in your quality of Controller, to identify yourself personally. The period for which such Cookies are saved in the terminal that you use does not exceed thirteen (13) months.
Controller Cookies
Third-party Cookies
Service and type of cookie	Role of the cookie and collected data	Duration	Collection of the user consent
You will be informed, on your first visit, of the option of accepting or rejecting all or part of the Cookies, Tracers, Tags that are accessories to the operation of the Site and of the Application, in particular by configuration of your Internet browser to this effect in accordance with the procedure foreseen in article 11.3 of the Policy of Protection of Personal Data or by exercising your preferences on the dedicated page “parameter management”.
III.PROCESSING AIMD
Your Personal Data are processed solely for the aims hereunder, and in accordance with the applicable Regulation:
3.1 The identification data are necessary for:
	Creating and managing your personal account;
	Allowing for the putting online of your comments on the site and on the Application;
	Sending you regular newsletters by e-mail, with the specification that you can unsubscribe partially or totally by means of a dedicated mail in the Newsletter or directly in your account by establishing your profile. In case of failure, you can send a complaint by contact forms accessible online.
3.2 The user data collected by Cookies as part of the automatic Processing are anonymous and allow for the identification of your browser and of your behavior during browsing the Site and the Application and to memorize them, for the purpose of:
	Displaying the pages of the Site and of the Application and ensure good operation so as to permit you to visit the Site and the Application, to create your personal account and profile and to access them freely;
	Establishing statistics and traffic or user volumes of the various elements making up the Site and the Application (rubrics and contents visited, routes, etc.) in order to enhance the interest and the ergonomics of the Site and the Application;
	Adapting the presentation of the Site and the Application to the display preferences of your web or mobile terminal (display resolution, operation system used, etc.) whenever you visit the Site and the Application
	Memorizing information related to a form that you have filled out on the Site and the Application (access to your account, question of the day, comments);
	Permitting of to access reserved and personal spaces of the Site and the Application such as your account, by means of pre-registered identifiers or data;
	Implementing security measures, for instance when you are requested to reconnect to a content or to a service after a certain period of time;
	Enter your preferences in order to improve and to enhance your use of the different functionalities of the Site and of the Application upon a future connection;
	Analyzing personally or by other agencies or carrying out, personally or by other agencies, statistics related to your browsing, viewing and utilization of the different pages that you visit, open or quit, in order to establish internal activity reports and to improve the functionalities and services of the Site and of the Application;
	Displaying and personalizing the publicity offer proposed on the Site and on the Application by commercial partners, broadcasting third parties or by I24NEWS SARL and/or on the internet pages edited by I24NEWS SARL such as social network pages. In this regard, we hereby specify that we analyze the data that you provide to us or that you generate as part of the use of our different Services, in order to build profiles (segments) corresponding to your centers of interest. In case of provision to broadcasters wishing to know the impact of their publicity campaigns, these Data or pseudonymized, i.e. converted in an encodes version, so that they cannot be attributed any longer to a specific person without access to additional information;
	Carrying out commercial advertising operations;
	Establishing commercial statistics; analyses and marketing tools (in particular classification, score, etc.)
	Identifying the users accessing the Site and the Application by means of a third-party site and/or application or by means of a sponsored link;
	Assuring security by verification of your identifier and, in general, presenting and detecting any frauds;
	Managing the requests as to the exercise of the rights mentioned in article VIII hereunder;
	Managing the comments on the Site, on the Application and/or on the pages edited by the Controller, such as the social network pages;
	Settle accounts that have remained unpaid or that are contentious;
In order to provide you with personalized services and to transmit you information related to new products or services offered by the Site and the Applications or by any partner and/or broadcaster third parties, we may address to you different marketing e-mails, letters or information bulletins, or questionnaires. If you refuse to receive such messages on your personal address, you can modify your preferences and manage your subscriptions on your personal account by following the indicated procedure.
IV.RECIPIENTS OR CATEGORIES OF RECIPIENTS OF PERSONAL DATA
As soon as you have expressed your consent by the procedure set fort on the homepage of the Site and of the Application, your Personal Data can be disclosed in application of a law, of a regulation or on grounds of a decision of a competent regulatory or judicial authority, and also transmitted:
1.	To some of our coworkers, in case of need only, the latter being subject to a strict obligation of confidentiality.
2.	To third parties, solely for the needs necessary in connection with the aims described herein, in particular:
•	to Subcontractors that we engage for technical services, data hosting and storage, payment services, analytical service providers;
•	to providers charged, in particular with the sending of electronic communications (information letters, information bulletins, etc.)
•	to broadcasting third parties, advertising agencies, data brokers and any other party, namely for purposes of personalization of the publicity offer proposed on the Site and on the Application and of analysis of your preferences with regard to publicity spaces accessible on the Site and on the Application. Should you object the profiling of your Personal Data, we hereby notify you that you shall continue to receive publicity, but that the latter shall not be adapted to your profile and to your centers of interest;
3.	To any entities that, in any form whatsoever, should control or be controlled by I24NEWS SARL, in particular any mother, daughter, sister or affiliated companies, in compliance with the applicable Regulation, as well as to any assignees or buyers of I24NEWS SARL, as well as in the case of opening of a coolective procedure.
In accordance with article 35 of Law 78-17 dated 6 January 1878 and with RGPD, Subcontractors undertake to respect security and data confidentiality.
You have the option of opposing all or part of these communications, in accordance with the dispositions of article VIII hereunder, by clicking the unsubscribe hypertext provided by each of our communications or by sending your request by e-mail to dpo@i24news.tv or by postal letter to the address mentioned in article X hereunder.
V.STORAGE AND PERSONAL DATA TRANSFER
As part of the automatized Processing of your Personal Data, the latter are hosted and stored by the servers of the company MICROSOFT AZURE (hereinafter: the “Server”), whose contact details can be found by clicking here: https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/global-infrastructure/regions/.
In compliance with the Applicable Regulation, your Personal Data can, for the needs of the aims defined herein, be collected, processed, stored, transferred and accessed by our Subcontractors (namely the CLEENG company for financial transactions related to your subscriptions) and by third parties of any country possessing a sufficient protection level, including in Israel (decision of the European Commission dated 31 January 2011 – C(2011) 332) and in the United States on grounds of the Privacy Shield adopted by the European Commission on 12 July 2016 and of the Clouds Act, which you expressly accept by checking the case appearing on the homepage of the Site and of the Application “I have read the Policy of Protection of Personal Data and I expressly accept its terms and conditions”.
VI.DATA SECURITY
I24NEWS SARL makes its best efforts to preserve the security of your Personal Data and, in particular, in order to restrict the risks of loss, deterioration, damage or use by unauthorized third parties, without being able to fully guarantee total security in the absence of known technical modalities permitting such guarantee. As a Controller and in accordance with the Applicable Regulation, we undertake to notify the data protection authority (CNIL) of any personal data breach, within 72 hours, and to notify you if such breach is likely to cause a high risk to your rights and liberties.
The access to Personal Data can be granted, under the Applicable Regulation, to the employees and Subcontractors of I24NEWS SARL, as well as to the recipients mentioned in article IV of the present Policy of Protection of Personal Data, which are all subject to stringent obligations of confidentiality and Protection with regard to Personal Data.
Nevertheless, you are solely responsible for the preservation, saving, security and confidentiality of your personal identifiers and of the information voluntarily posted in your personal account. Moreover, you shall endeavor to out in pace all the precautions required for limiting the risk of fraudulent intrusion, be it remote or not, of third parties, of theft of identity and of the hacking of your comments and data and putting online on the Site and on the Application by your care, in particular by use of technical protection measures, and in order to protect your information material and connection network from which you access the Site and the Application against all undesirable intrusions.
In this connection, we hereby remind you that the fact of frequently changing your connection password to our Site and to the Application represents a simple and effective measure contributing to the protection of your rights. To be valid, your password must always be composed of minimum 8 characters, of which at least 3 of the following 4 types: majuscules, minuscules, figures, special characters.
In case of error, negligence, omission on your part, I24NEWS SARL cannot be held responsible for any harm caused to the identification and user data that you have voluntarily communicated, entered and posted from the Site and the Application, in particular in case theft of identity and/or of your identifiers, fraudulent entry and use by a third party, in your personal account and in your Data of all manner, of hacking, of introduction by a third party of a virus of whatever nature or scope, and, in general, for any harm caused to your Personal Data and identifiers as well as any direct and indirect damage that you might incur.
Moreover, in view of the risks related to the operation of the Internet network in matters of isolated loss of data or breach of confidentiality of the data passing through this network, I24NEWS SARL cannot be held responsible for data losses due to malfunctions, bugs, blocking, perturbations resulting from the own hazards of the Internet network and/or of your connection subscribed with your operator.
VII.STORAGE OF PERSONAL DATA
The Personal Data are stored on the Cloud of Azure Microsoft on the servers made available to our company by MICROSOFT AZURE.
In accordance with the applicable Regulation, your Personal Data are stored in a form permitting identification only for a period that does not exceed the duration strictly necessary for your use of the Site and of the Application and for the aims set forth herein, for which they are collected and processed.
In this connection, we hereby specify that your identification and user data (article 2.1.a and b above) are stored in an active base for the entire period of your subscription and for a maximum period of one civil year as of the date of cancellation of the contracts (i.e. CGSU) or by your voluntary closing of your personal account (un-subscription), or at the initiative of I24NEWS SARL, regardless of the motives.
They shall be kept in intermediate Archiving for an additional thirteen-month period in accordance with the general limitation period, subject to all other or contrary legal or regulatory constraints that may be imposed to I24NEWS SARL.
Personal data related to invoices and amount of transactions (carried out based on the access to live information flows broadcast by our company) are kept in intermediate Archiving for an additional ten (10) year period, in accordance with the fiscal and accounting obligations incumbent upon us in our quality of Controllers.
The identification documents that you provide to us as part of the exercise of your rights shall be kept for a period of one (1) year as of the request.
The storage period of your Personal Data shall in any case comply with the recommendations of the CNIL and of the Applicable Regulation.
The lifetime of the cookies is limited to thirteen months as of their first introduction in your terminal equipment (following your consent). Consequently, you will have to express your consent every thirteen months.
VIII.YOUR RIGHTS
As a natural person using our Site and/or the Application, you can, at any moment, access, modify, correct and/or delete the Personal Data that you have entered in your personal account, or by sending us a request in the modalities presented in article X hereunder, remaining understood that we are legally authorized to grant or to reject requests that are manifestly unfounded or abusive; the processing of your requests can take place within a period of 1 (one) to 2 (two) months, according to the nature of your requests and as of the date of the first submission of your request. CNIL can be the recipient of your complaints.
In detail, based on articles 38 to 40 of Law № 78-17 dated 6 January 1978 on information, files and liberties and on articles 15 to 21 of the General (CE) Regulation 2016/679 as to Data Protection, you dispose of:
8.1 Right of access to your personal data
You have the right to access your Personal Data in the conditions set forth in article 39.I of Law № 78-17 dated 6 January 1978 on information, files and liberties and in article 15 of RGPD. The exercise of the access right permits control of the accuracy of the Personal Data, and, if necessary, of the correction or deletion thereof.
Thus, you have the possibility of obtaining from the Controller the confirmation that the Data concerning you are or are not processed, and, if they are processed, access to said Data as well as the following information: the aims of the Processing; the categories of data; the recipients or categories of recipients to which the data have or shall be disclosed; if possible, the envisaged Data storage period or, if not possible, the criteria used for determining this period; the existence of the right of requesting from the Controller the correction or the deletion of the Data, or a limitation of the Processing of these Data, or the right to oppose such Processing; the right of filing a complaint with CNIL; if the Data are not collected from you, any available information as to their source; the existence of automatic decision-making, including profiling and, at least in such a case, useful information as to the underlying logic, as well as the importance and the consequences foreseen by such Processing in your regard.
If the Data are transferred to a third-party country or to an international organization, you are entitled to be informed of the appropriate guarantees related to such transfer.
The Controller shall provide a copy of the Data forming the object of Processing, except for cases in which such copy represents an infringement of the rights and liberties of another person.
Any copy request by electronic way authorizes the transmission of the information requested in standard electronic form, unless you request that they be transmitted otherwise.
I24NEWS SARL can deny manifestly unfounded abusive requests or demand the payment of reasonable costs taking into account the administrative expenses made for supplying the information, making the communications or taking the necessary measures.
8.2 Right of correction
You have the right of correction of your Personal Data in the conditions set forth by article 40.I of Law №78-17 dated 6 January 1978 on information, files and liberties and with article 16 of RGPD.
Thus, you can request the correction of inaccurate information concerning you in order to avoid that false data be processed or broadcast.
The Controller shall notify each recipient to which the data have been disclosed of the correction request carried out as far as possible.
If you were a minor at the moment of collection of your personal data, you have the right of deletion of such data in the conditions set forth by article 40.II of Law № 78-17 dated 6 January 1978 on information, files and liberties.
8.3 Right of opposition, limitation, deletion, in demand of portability and/or the right of oblivion
Within the limits of the principles set forth in articles 38 to 40 of the Law dated 6 January 1978 and of the RGPD, you have the possibility of exercising at any time your rights of opposition and/or limitation of treatment and/or of deletion of your data and/or in demand of portability.
You have the possibility to decide what should become of your Personal Data after your death (i.e. your “right to oblivion”) in the conditions set forth in article 40-1 of Law № 78-17 dated 6 January 1978 on information, files and liberties.
Rights of deletion
You have the possibility to obtain from the Controller, as soon as possible, the deletion of your Personal Data if one of the following motives is applicable:
a)	the Data are no longer necessary from the point of view of the aims for which they have been collected or otherwise processed by the Controller;
b)	the Member has withdrawn its Data Processing and there is no other legal base for processing;
c)	the member exercises its right of opposition in the conditions mentioned hereunder and there is no legitimate and urgent motive for Processing;
d)	the Data have formed the object of illicit Processing;
e)	the Data must be deleted to comply with a legal obligation;
f)	the Data have been collected from a child.
You’ll need to cancel any subscriptions that may be associated with your email before we can erase your personal data. In order to request deletion, please send your request to
deletemydata@i24news.tv
. This will send a message to our systems to delete the personal data associated with the account and once we get your deletion request, you’ll have 1 day to cancel it.
If you merely want to be removed from the marketing email list, please click on the unsubscribe link in one of the emails that you have received.
You will not receive a confirmation email when your data has been removed.
Rights to limitation
You have the possibility to obtain from the Controller the limitation of your Personal Data if one of the following motives is applicable:
a)	the Controller verifies the accuracy of the Data following contestation by Member of the accuracy of the Data,
b)	the Processing is illicit, and the Member opposes the deletion of the Data and demands instead the limitation of their use;
c)	the Controller does no longer need the Data for Processing purposes, but the Data are still necessary to the Member for the determination, the exercise or the defense of rights in a Court of Justice;
d)	the member opposes the Processing in the conditions mentioned hereunder and the Controller ascertains that the legitimate motives pursued prevailed over the motives alleged.
Right to Data portability
You have the possibility to obtain from the Controller the Personal Data concerning you in a format that is structured, currently used and legible by a machine if:
a)	the Data Processing is based on consent, or on another contract, and
b)	the Processing is carried out with the help of automated procedures;
If you exercise your right to portability, you have the right for your Personal Data to be transmitted directly by the Controller to another Controller to be indicated when this is technically possible.
The right to Personal Data portability must not breach the rights and liberties of other persons.
Right to opposition
You can oppose at any moment, for reasons related to your particular situation, a Processing concerning you based on the legitimate interest of the Controller. In such a case, the latter shall no longer process Personal Data, unless it can prove the existence of stringent and legitimate motives of Processing that prevail over your interests and your rights and liberties, or shall  be able to store them for the determination, exercise or defense of rights before a Court-of-Law.
If the Data are processed for prospection purposes, you can oppose at any time the Processing of these Data for the purpose of cookies.
If you wish to oppose the Processing of your Personal Data for which no button has been foreseen by the Controller, you can still exercise your right to opposition as set forth in article VIII – Your Rights.
Post-mortem dispositions
You have the possibility to transmit to the Controller dispositions as to the conservation, deletion and communication of your Personal Data after your death, dispositions that can also be recorded with “a trusted certified digital third party”. These dispositions, which are a kind of “digital testament”, can designate a person entrusted with their execution; otherwise, your heirs shall be designated.
In the absence of any dispositions, your heirs can contact the controller in order to:
-	access Data Processing permitting “the organization and settlement of the succession of the deceased”;
-	receive information as to the “digital assets” or “data connected to family memories, transmissible to the heirs”;
-	cause the closure of the account of the Member on the Site and oppose the continued Processing of their Personal Data.
In any case, the Member has the possibility to indicate to the Controller, at any time, that they do not wish for their Personal Data to be transmitted to a third party after their death.
IX.AMENDMENT OF THE CONFIDENTIALITY POLICY
We reserve the right to amend at any moment the present Policy of Protection of Personal Data for purposes of adjustment to legislative and regulatory amendments or in case of change of the functionalities or services of the Site and of the Application.
In case of amendments, the amended version of the present Policy of Protection of Personal Data shall be published and rendered accessible on the Site and the Application and you shall be notified by e-mail with our new policy as an attachment.
Any amendment shall be effective as of its publication on the Site and the Application.
The access and the use of the Site and of the Application upon completion of the implementation of the amended version of the present Policy of Protection of Personal Data entail your full and total recognition and acceptance of these amendments, as long as you have not change your parameters and/or preferences in accordance with the modalities foreseen for this purpose by your browser and by the Site and the Application.
X.CONTACTS AND DPO
For any information or query related to the present Policy of Protection of Personal Data, you are free to contact us in our capacity of Controller:
I24NEWS SARL, listed in the RCS of Luxemburg under № B 174 257, with a company capital of _________, with registered office in Luxemburg, 5, rue Eugène Ruppert, L-2453 (Pays Luxembourg), by its legal representatives,
via:
-	the “contact” form, accessible at the following address: http://www.i24news.tv/fr/contact
-	the following postal address: 5, rue Eugène Ruppert, L-2453 – Luxembourg
-	by e-mail: Contact: contact@i24news.tv
The Site and the Application are hosted by MICROSOFT  AZURE
Contact :
https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/global-infrastructure/regions/
We appointed a data protection officer, in accordance with the disposition of articles 37, 38, and 39 RGPD, to ascertain the conformity of the processing with the regulation: dpo@i24news.tv
XI.PERSONAL DATA PROCESSING BY THIRD PARTIES
11.1 Social networks
If you use “buttons” placed on our Site and on the Application that send to social networks, files, Cookies and other Tracers are likely to be deposed on your terminal of any kind by these social networks in order for you to be identified in the course of your navigation on the Site and on the Application
As the use of the Cookies and the data collected and treated by these social networks is of their sole responsibility, you are hereby invited to peruse and to accept or reject prior to any use of such “buttons” the confidentiality policies edited by this Site and by the Application in order to be aware of their aims of use, in particular advertisement-related, and of the browsing information that they can obtain. These confidentiality policies must permit you, in particular, to exercise your option vis-à-vis these social networks, namely by configuration of your user accounts in these networks:
•	Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
•	Twitter: https://support.twitter.com/articles/20170518
11.2 Publicity
I24NEWS SARL displays in its publicity spaces advertisements (graphic designs, animations, videos) that are likely to contain Cookies generated by third parties: either the broadcaster of the concerned publicity content, or a third-  party company (communication consultancy agency, (audience-measuring company, targeted publicity provider, etc.), which associated a Cookie to the publicity content of a broadcaster.
As the case may be, the Cookies generated by such third parties can enable them, in the course of the defined period of validity:
•	to book the number of display of publicity contents broadcast through our publicity spaces, to identify the advertisements such displayed, the number of users having clicked on each advertisement, enabling them to calculate the sums due and to establish statistics;
•	to recognize your Terminal upon subsequent browsing on any other Site or Application or service where these broadcasters or these third parties also generate Cookies and, if need be, to adjust such Site and Application and third-party service or the advertisement broadcast to the browser of your terminal, of which they can be aware.
11.3 How to oppose the used of these third-party Cookies?
It is sufficient to change the parameters of your browser, which shall enable you to modify your wishes with regard to cookies:
•	Internet Explorer™ : http://windows.microsoft.com/fr-fr/windows7/how-to-manage-cookies-in-internet-explorer-9
•	Safari™: http://docs.info.apple.com/article.html?path=Safari/3.0/fr/9277.html
•	Chrome™: http://support.google.com/chrome/bin/answer.py?hl=fr&hlrm=en&answer=9564
•	Firefox™: https://support.mozilla.org/fr/kb/activer-desactiver-cookies
•	Opera™: http://help.opera.com/Windows/10.20/fr/cookies.html
This configuration is different for the mobile terminal, and you can change your parameters at the following addresses:
•	For iOS: https://support.apple.com/fr-fr/HT201265
•	For Android: http://www.wikihow.com/Disable-Cookies#Android_Devices
•	For Blackberry: http://global.blackberry.com/fr/legal/privacy-policy.html#types-info-d
•	For Windows Phone: https://support.microsoft.com/fr-fr/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies
If your Terminal is able to view contents developed with the flash language, you are invited to access your tools for flash cookie management directly from the Site and the Application http://www.adobe.com/fr/.
The change of parameters can take place from the following links for:
•	Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/help/360595310676682/
•	Twitter: https://support.twitter.com/articles/20171379-twitter-prend-en-charge-la-desactivation-du-suivi-dnt#
•	Google Analytics: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=fr
You can also configure your browser to send a code indicating to the Site and the Application that it does not wish being tracked (“Do No Track” option):
•	Internet Explorer™: http://windows.microsoft.com/fr-fr/internet-explorer/use-tracking-protection#ie=ie-11
•	Safari™: http://support.apple.com/kb/PH11952
•	Chrome™: https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/114836
•	Firefox™: https://support.mozilla.org/fr/kb/comment-activer-option-ne-pas-pister
•	Opéra™: http://help.opera.com/Windows/12.10/fr/notrack.html
It is hereby specified that this list is not exhaustive.
In order to obtain practical advice as to these options and as to the modalities of deletion of the Cookie files stored on your terminal, according to the browser that you use, please consult the rubric “Your Traces” of the Site and the Application of CNIL (National Commission for Data Protection and Liberties): http://www.cnil.fr/vos-droits/vos-traces/
XII. LITIGATION SETTLEMENT
12.1 The law applicable to the present Policy of Protection of Personal Data is the (CE) Regulation 2008/679 dated 27 April 2016 (RGPD) and the French Law for any processing of personal data that is not covered by the aforementioned Regulation.
12.2 In any case of dispute arising from the interpretation or from the execution of the present Policy of Protection of Personal Data, you have the possibility to address CNIL, in its capacity of control authority, at your usual place of residence or of work, or at the pace of the damage that you deem caused and/or the competent judicial jurisdictions, situated in Luxemburg, place of our registered office, or situated at your usual place of residence, in accordance with the dispositions of articles 77 and 78 of  the (CE) Regulation 2008/679 dated 27 April 2016.
News
News feed
Live
Radio
Shows
We Care About Your Privacy
We and our
878
partners store and access personal data, like browsing data or unique identifiers, on your device. Selecting "I Accept" enables tracking technologies to support the purposes shown under "we and our partners process data to provide," whereas selecting "Reject All" or withdrawing your consent will disable them. If trackers are disabled, some content and ads you see may not be as relevant to you. You can resurface this menu to change your choices or withdraw consent at any time by clicking the ["privacy preferences"] link on the bottom of the webpage [or the floating icon on the bottom-left of the webpage, if applicable]. Your choices will have effect within our Website. For more details, refer to our Privacy Policy.
We and our partners process data to provide:
Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)
I Accept
Show Purposes