Cheyenne Mountain Zoological Society Website – www.cmzoo.org
The International Center for the Care & Conservation of Giraffe – giraffecenter.cmzoo.org
Our Return Policy, Media Policies and Privacy Notice & Terms of Use are below.
RETURN POLICY
Last updated January 01, 2024
CMZoo return policies vary by product and department.
Please contact the Zoo for specifics at:
(719) 633-9925
or
info@cmzoo.org
MEDIA, PHOTOGRAPHY & VIDEOGRAPHY POLICIES
Last updated March 01, 2023
MEDIA POLICY
We’d love to share our stories with your audience! Reporters and photojournalists are required to schedule and coordinate on-site interviews, photography and videography with PR and social media manager, Rachel Wright, as far in advance as possible, at
rwright@cmzoo.org
. Members of the media will be escorted throughout their visit. We may not be able to accommodate reporters who appear at the Zoo unscheduled.
SOCIAL MEDIA POLICY
Want to share your Zoo day with your followers? We can help! Educational and informative channels that align with the Zoo’s values and mission are welcome to request an opportunity to create content at the Zoo.
We do not allow the Zoo to be used for commercial content (any content that generates revenue for the creator). Commercial filming rates are below. On-camera behavior that disrupts other guests’ experiences will not be tolerated. Filming other guests without permission is not allowed and could result in removal from the Zoo. Requests to interview staff are required and may not be accommodated. Staff interviews are limited to 30 minutes. Reach PR and social media manager, Rachel Wright, at least two weeks in advance, at
rwright@cmzoo.org
, for consideration.
PERSONAL PHOTOGRAPHY AND VIDEOGRAPHY
Photos and videos from your visit make your memories last even longer! Regular daytime and special event guests are welcome to photo and video their experiences at the Zoo with their own personal equipment without coordinating with our team. If you are bringing a hired photographer/videographer to capture your memories, please see information on commercial photographer and videography below.
We do not allow oversized photography or videography equipment that could disrupt other guests’ experiences or disturb our animals or operations. Guests with disruptive camera equipment may be asked to stow their gear. Filming other guests without permission is not allowed and could result in removal from the Zoo. Drone photography and videography is not allowed at the Zoo. Staging, performing or ‘acting’ that is disruptive to animals, staff or other guests will not be allowed.
Photos and videos from your visit that identify CMZoo or its animals by name are not allowed for sale. For information on commercial photography and videography, see below.
DRONE PHOTOGRAPHY AND VIDEOGRAPHY
Drone photography and videography is not allowed at CMZoo.
COMMERCIAL AND PERSONAL PROFESSIONAL PHOTOGRAPHY AND VIDEOGRAPHY
is a great setting for senior portraits, engagement photos and more! As a privately owned nonprofit and one of the few AZA-accredited zoos that does not receive tax support, we do not allow professional photographers or organizations to use the Zoo as a studio setting without fees.
Permits must be obtained and admission must be paid for all parties attending in addition to the photography and videography site fee. To apply for photo or video shoots (commercial or personal with a hired professional) on Zoo grounds, please email a request at least two weeks prior to the proposed shoot to PR and social media manager, Rachel Wright, at
rwright@cmzoo.org
and include the following information:
– What manner of shoot is this?
– – Commercial, music video, bridal/engagement portraits, senior photos, etc.
– – Where and how will the photos/video be used or published?
– How many people will be in your party?
– What equipment will you be bringing?
– How long do you expect your shoot to take?
Photographs and video cannot be published, sold, reproduced, transferred, distributed, or otherwise commercially exploited in any manner whatsoever without permission of Cheyenne Mountain Zoo. The Zoo reserves the right to refuse permission for any shoot that is determined to not be in the best interest of the Zoo or doesn’t appear to support our mission of being a leader in conservation, captive breeding and animal care and connecting people with wildlife and wild places through experiences that inspire action.
Commercial Projects
Commercial projects include, but are not limited to, any photos/videos that are being sold, use paid talent or promote a for-profit product or service.
Commercial photography and filming is permitted only with permission of Cheyenne Mountain Zoo. Complete payment for photography and videography are due prior to entering the Zoo on the pre-scheduled day of photographing or filming. A member of the marketing department must accompany you at all times. Please note we do not allow drones on Zoo grounds or in the airspace above our grounds. Note that certain equipment may not be allowed onto Zoo grounds if it is determined the equipment could disturb our animals or guests.
Commercial Photography/Filming Fees:
– Commercial photography fees start at $500
– Commercial videography fees start at $1,500
– Additional fees may be charged for special access or assistance
Personal Projects
A personal shoot is defined as professional senior portraits, engagement/bridal portraits, pregnancy/baby portraits, and any other photos solely for personal use and not for resale.
Still Photography/Portraits:
– $100 for two hours (does not include Zoo admission, which is to be purchased online in advance)
– If you will require more time, please contact us.
Upon acceptance of your request and full advance payment, you will be issued a permit valid for the date and duration of your shoot. You must purchase advance timed admission tickets for all those in your party at cmzoo.org/visit, and carry the permit with you at all times. Present the permit if approached by a Zoo staff member to show that professional photography session has been approved and paid in advance.
Please follow the following guidelines for personal shoots:
– The shoot must take place during regular daytime Zoo admission hours, which are typically 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Hours can vary for holidays or special events.
– The shoot must not disrupt Zoo visitors, animals or staff in any way.
– No special accommodations will be made, including golf cart access, security, food, etc.
– No animals may be handled, and participants must not cross any exhibit barriers.
– Do not disturb the Zoo landscape, which includes not climbing trees, climbing/moving rocks, stepping into garden areas, etc.
Please note that the Zoo is not responsible for any lost, stolen or damaged equipment while on Zoo property. Flash photography will be allowed on a case-by-case basis depending on the shooting area, nearby animals and any other animal welfare-related circumstances. Video and still photography will not be permitted or will be halted if it in any way disturbs our animals or disrupts guests’ experience of Zoo facilities. The Zoo has limited power and electrical access, so you will need to supply your own.
All payments are non-refundable whether or not the shoot occurs.
Shoots can be rescheduled due to inclement weather, with prior approval.
If you have any questions or concerns not addressed, email
rwright@cmzoo.org
.
Your browser does not support iframes.
Your browser does not support iframes.