Privacy Policy
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally Identifiable Information' (PII) is being used in AppSimple's mobile apps. PII, as described in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our website or mobile app?
When ordering or registering in our apps, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your email address or other details to help you with your experience.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you register on our site or enter information on our site.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
•
To personalize your experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
•
To improve our website in order to better serve you.
Do we use 'cookies'?
We do not use cookies for tracking purposes.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since browser is a little different, look at your browser's Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
Third-party disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information.
Third-party links
We do not include or offer third-party products or services on our website.
Google
We use Google Analytics on our website.
We use third-party vendors such as Google that use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions as they relate to our website.
California Online Privacy Protection Act
CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law's reach stretches well beyond California to require any person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting Personally Identifiable Information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals or companies with whom it is being shared. - See more at: http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf
According to CalOPPA, we agree to the following:
•
Users can visit our site anonymously.
•
A link to our privacy policy is on our home page.
•
Our Privacy Policy link includes the word 'Privacy' and can easily be found on the page specified above.
•
You will be notified of any Privacy Policy changes on our Privacy Policy Page.
•
You can change your personal information by email support@appsimple.io.
How does our site handle Do Not Track signals?
We honor Do Not Track signals and Do Not Track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13 years old, the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, United States' consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children's privacy and safety online. We do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old.
Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:
We will notify you via email within 7 business days.
CAN SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
We collect your email address in order to
send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.
To be in accordance with CANSPAM, we agree to the following:
•
Not use false or misleading subjects or email addresses.
•
Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way.
•
Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.
•
Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.
•
Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email.
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us at
support@appsimple.io and we will promptly remove you from
ALL
correspondence.
Deleting Data
If you would like to delete your data please contact support@appsimple.io
Contact Us
support@appsimple.io
Last Edited on 2022-01-29
Copyright © 2022
AppSimple LLC
-
support@appsimple.io
-
privacy
-
terms