At Nibble Apps, our Apps, site and Services are designed with your privacy in mind. We only collect data that is necessary and relevant to providing you with our Services. You
should always know
exactly what data we collect from you and how we use it. You should
always have control
over this access too, so you can remove it at any time. We provide you with the tools to
decide what information to share with us
and provide you with quick and simple ways to get in touch with us.
In the following Privacy Policy, we outline the:
Information You Share With Us
Information You DO NOT Share With Us
Additional Information We Receive About You
Information We May Share or Disclose (and NOT)
Ways to Manage Your Personal Information With Us
Third Party Providers We Work With
Security of Your Data
Terms of Use
Ways to Contact Us
1.   Information You Share With Us
1.1   Basic Account Information
For the MealPrepPro app, you will need an account with us to use our Services. You will share a small amount of Personal Data, including your email, name and password. Your password is encrypted so nobody can access it. In addition, when you signup for the MealPrepPro app we store the date and time you created your account, the date you consented to our Privacy Policy, your meal plan type and subscription status. In future, if you wish, your user account information will also help us sync your account with a partner, so you can meal plan together and allow you to access your account across multiple device types.
For all other apps, we do not require you to create an account with us to use our Services. You are free to use FitMenCook, Snapsie, Krautkopf, Caveman Feast, 14 Day Juice Challenge, 3 Day Cleanse and 30 Day Green Smoothie Challenge (our Apps) without creating an account and without sharing this basic account information with us.
1.2   Newsletters
You may have opted-in to receiving newsletters from us previously. You can do this from within some of our Apps or on the Site of Nibble Apps and published authors who we collaborate with (e.g. FitMenCook).
Our newsletters and distribution lists are hosted using a Third Party Service Provider. See Section 6 below, if you wish to understand which companies and which third parties we use across our Services.
These newsletters allow us to send emails to thousands of subscribers and have access to certain statistics such as how many people are opening our emails and what people are mostly clicking on. They allow us to improve the kind of content we are emailing and help us keep in touch with our users about updates to the Apps or new releases.
You can quickly and easily unsubscribe at any time, using the unsubscribe links included inside the email. Upon doing so, you will immediately stop receiving emails from us and your details are deleted from our database within 30 days.
Third Party Email Providers can store some personally identifiable information, although we try to keep this to a minimum by only asking for your first name and email address. All of our newsletters implement a double opt-in. So that when you enter your name and email, we’ll send you a message to double-check that you wish to subscribe. This email contains a confirmation link you’ll need to click before we start sending you any emails.
We dislike spam as much as you do and we will never sell-on or share your email address to an advertiser or third party.
1.3   Support Helpdesk
You may need to write to us to obtain customer support, when utilising our apps and Services. We try to make this a seamless experience for you and respond to all queries as soon as is possible. We may retain the email correspondence together with the information you provide us, to help with the nature of your enquiry, future enquiries and bug fixes. We may also collect certain technical information about your device or cross-reference the basic account information you provided, if appropriate, so that this data is accessible when corresponding with our support team.
2.   Information You Do NOT Share With Us
2.1   Payment Information
We do not collect your credit card details or any other payment information, when purchasing our Apps or subscriptions in our Apps. This is all done through your Apple or Google account. Apple and Google provide us with a simple confirmation that you have purchased, cancelled or renewed your purchase through their receipt validation service. Presently, this is the only way we accept payment for our Apps.
2.2   Apple Health
Some of our Apps make use of the Apple Health App (“HealthKit”). You can choose to connect and share information with HealthKit and your HealthKit information with any of our Apps. If you grant our Apps access to HealthKit, our Apps can add information such as calories, protein, fat, carbohydrates, amongst other data, to HealthKit.
Your unique health data you choose to send to and from HealthKit (including age, gender, weight) is not accessible by Nibble Apps and is not transferred by Nibble Apps to any third parties for marketing or advertising. Our Apps cannot write data to HealthKit unless you grant access. You can remove access at any time either inside our Apps or inside the Apple Health app.
Nibble Apps is in no way responsible for the protection of any of your information that you agree to store with HealthKit, which is governed by Apple’s privacy policy and other terms. You and Apple are solely responsible for the protection of such information. Please review Apple’s applicable policies and procedures before syncing and backing up your health data and/or other information with the Health Kit.
3.   Additional Information We Receive About You
3.1   Analytics
Nibble Apps uses analytical data to see how people are interacting with our Site and Apps. For example, we can see that a certain recipe is really popular, or that another is rarely viewed. We utilise Third Party Service Providers with this capability to allow us to improve the kind of content and functionality we provide.
We also use analytics to measure the effectiveness of our advertising. We serve advertising promoting our apps on third party platforms. The analytics shows us when an advert has been successful in leading to an installation of the app.
You can disable analytics at any time by visiting the Settings inside the app. We’re rolling out this capability to all of our apps.
You can review our list of Third Party Service Providers, in section 6.
3.2   In-App Advertising
Most of our iOS apps do not include third party advertising.
The FitMenCook iOS app may from time to time include advertising from carefully selected third party advertising partners.
The FitMenCook Android app uses the Google Admob SDK to serve third party adverts within the app. Adverts can be removed from the FitMenCook Android app at any time by making an in-app purchase.
3.3   Log Data
Each time you visit our Site or use one of our Apps we may automatically collect the following information:
Technical information, including the type of mobile device you use, a unique device identifier mobile network information, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile browser you use or time zone setting;
Log file information such as details of your use of any of our Apps or your visits to our Site, including, but not limited to, traffic data, internet protocol (IP) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyse trends, administer the site, track user’s movement around the site, and gather demographic information.
Cookies, which can be small text files sent by your computer each time you visit our website, or similar technologies to capture log data. Third-party vendors, including Google, may show our ads on sites across the Internet. These third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on your past visits to our Site. Information about how users can opt out of Google’s use of cookies can be found by visiting Google’s privacy settings. Alternatively, you can point opt out by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
3.4   Links
We have included links on the Site and in the Apps for your use and reference. We are not responsible for the terms of use or privacy policies on these websites. You should be aware that the privacy policies of these sites may differ from our own.
3.5   Images
Our Apps invite and encourage you to share pictures on your social media accounts (including Instagram) of meals you have prepared. By sharing photos you grant our Apps permission to access your photos in order to upload such images to your social media accounts. Any images you share from any of our Apps to your Social Media accounts will be subject to the relevant social media account’s terms and privacy policy.
4.   Information We May Share or Disclose (and NOT)
4.1   What We DO NOT Share
We will never sell your information that you provide to us, including any basic account information you provide to us, for example name or email or plan type. We also take great care not to collect data regarding your specific dietary requirements, your health information or any biometric information that could be categorised as special category data. This information, if provided, is only ever stored locally on your device.
4.2   Change of Ownership
In the event that we are involved in a bankruptcy, merger, acquisition, reorganisation, or sale of assets, your Personal Data may be sold or transferred as part of that transaction. This Privacy Policy will apply to your Personal Data as transferred to the new entity.
4.3   Location
Nibble Apps is registered in England & Wales with company number 09212661. The data that Nibble Apps collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”). It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or a third party we collaborate with. By submitting your Personal Data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. Nibble Apps will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
4.4   Law and Public Interest
We limit the amount of personal information we obtain from you to provide the Services via our Websites and Apps. We reserve the right to use or disclose data in accordance with the law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request. This may be necessary to protect the safety of any person, to protect the integrity of our platform, including to help prevent spam, abuse, or malicious actors on our Services, to address fraud, security, or technical issues, or to protect our rights or rights of those who use our services. However, nothing in this Privacy Policy is intended to limit any legal challenge or objections that you may have to a third party’s, including a government’s, request to disclose your Personal Data.
4.5   Non-Personal Information
We may share or disclose certain metrics and non-Personal Data, including aggregated information about the use of our products and Services, including but not limited to the total number of times a recipe has been eaten, the number of people who downloaded our Apps or clicked a link, or the dietary preferences that are popular in certain locations.
5.   Ways to Manage Your Personal Information With Us
You control the Personal Data you share with us. You can access or rectify this data at any time. Where necessary, you can also deactivate or close your account. We also provide you tools to object, restrict, or withdraw consent where applicable for the use of data you have provided to us. And we make the data you shared through our services portable, accessible and provide easy ways for you to contact us.
5.1   Deletion of Account(s)
When using MealPrepPro, we provide the ability to delete your account inside of the app. Deleting your account will not cancel any active subscriptions that you may have set-up via your Apple account. You can review your active subscriptions by visiting
this link
, or by following this
guidance provided by Apple
.
Upon deletion of your account, we will take the necessary steps to remove you from our newsletters, if you select this option, and to remove any record or correspondence that you have had with our support helpdesk third party provider. We will do our utmost to do this within a reasonable timeframe on a periodic basis, typically within 30 days.
When using the Site or our other Apps, you can contact our team if you wish to delete any information you have shared with us. You can do this via
our contact page
.
5.2   Downloading, Requesting or Editing Your Data
If you are using MealPrepPro, you can download the basic account information along with any other information we store via the Export my data option in the settings. You can also make any changes to this information using the Settings and options provided in the app.
For the use of other Apps and Services, we do not possess any account information to provide you but we will be able to clarify for you if we possess any of your data, such as your name and email address for our newsletter.
You can contact our Data Protection Officer at
data@nibbleapps.com
.
6.   Third Party Services We Work With
Each provider has their own privacy policy, which can be found on their respective websites and which by subscribing or using our Services you agree to.
We have made all reasonable efforts to keep this information up-to-date concerning the third parties we collaborate with. However, we cannot guarantee its accuracy or completeness, when referencing the current legal practices and policies of our Third Party service providers.
Groove – Support Helpdesk
Groove Networks LLC provides an email helpdesk service, when our customers and users require support. The Groove privacy policy can be found here
https://www.groovehq.com/our/privacy
Google – Firebase Authentication, Database Storage & App Analytics
Google – Marketing (Remarketing & AdMob)
Google – Sync and Storage of App Data for Android
Google provides a variety of services to Nibble Apps. We use their Firebase Real-Time Database and Authentication for new account generation and login, with the app MealPrepPro. We use their AdMob SDK for serving adverts to our FitMenCook Android users. We use remarketing services and Google Analytics for users that visit the Site or websites of our published authors who we collaborate with (e.g. FitMenCook). We also use Google SDKs (Software Development Kits) to provide functionality, e.g. saving user preferences, in Android apps. We also use Google Fit in Android apps, to help you track your nutritional information.
Google’s privacy policy can be found here
https://policies.google.com/privacy
.
Privacy terms for Google’s analytics and advertising services are governed by the separate Google Ads Data Processing Terms, available here
https://privacy.google.com/businesses/processorterms/
We also recommend visiting
https://myaccount.google.com/privacycheckup
to review your current Google privacy settings.
Apple – Sign-In & Authentication
Apple – Sync and Storage of App Data for iOS
Apple – HealthKit
We utilise Apple Sign-In for the authentication and creation of new user accounts for apps like MealPrepPro. When creating an account via Apple Sign-in, you are asked if you wish to share your current email address and name, to provide a seamless registration experience. If you choose not to share this information, your account will be created with a new unique email address that hides your actual email from Nibble Apps.
We also use Apple’s services to store certain preferences, recipe favourites and plan information, to sync across your different devices and iTunes account(s). As mentioned in section 2.2, we do not have access to the Apple HealthKit information that you share with Apple. This data may appear within our Apps on your devices, but this information is not accessible or shared with Nibble Apps.
Apple’s privacy policy can be found here
https://www.apple.com/uk/legal/privacy/
.
There is also further information on Apple’s approach to privacy available here
https://www.apple.com/uk/privacy/approach-to-privacy/
Mailchimp – Email Campaigns & Newsletter
We use Mailchimp to send out email Content to subscribers to our newsletter(s). We will not contact you or add you to our email newsletter distribution list without your prior consent and without you providing a double opt-in as confirmation. When providing your email address to us, you will need to click the link in the confirmation email to be added to our list. This constitutes a double opt-in. If you no longer wish to be subscribed to these email campaigns, we make it very easy to unsubscribe and be permanently removed from our email distribution list.
Mailchimp’s privacy policy can be found here
https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/
Branch – Mobile App Referrals
We use Branch Metrics to monitor for referrals to and from our Apps and Services, so that we can improve the registration and onboarding experience for new customers and incorporate deep-links into our Services.
The Branch privacy policy can be found here
https://branch.io/policies/#privacy
7.   Security of Your Data
We are committed to ensuring the security of your Personal Data, which means choosing legal and security compliant Third Party services and maintaining strong internal procedures. These procedures include restoring access and availability to your Personal Data in the event of any incident, maintaining the appropriate disciplinary procedures to enforce our employees’ privacy responsibilities, testing and improving the effectiveness of our security measures on an ongoing basis, as well as restricting access to Personal Data to those employees who need to know that information in order to provide Services to you.
In the event of a data breach we’ll inform you both inside the app and via email if available.
8.   Terms of Use
By using our Services you also agree to be bound by our
Terms of Use
. Please take the time to review the full terms.
You must be at least 16 years of age to register an account for our Services or to use our products and Apps. Our Services and Content have not been developed for and are not directed to children or individuals under the age of 16. You must also be old enough to consent to the processing of your Personal Data in your country.
9.   Ways to Contact Us
The CCPA (California Consumer Privacy Act) for California consumers and GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation) for European consumers; provides you with the right to obtain from Nibble Apps any personal information about you that we collect, use, and disclose.
If you have any queries or concerns whatsoever regarding this privacy policy, would like to learn more about what personal data we process for you or need to speak to our Data Protection Officer, please contact us at
data@nibbleapps.com
.
10.   Changes
We reserve the right to change this policy at any time. We will do our best to keep you up to date with any changes by adding a notification inside of our Apps. Please check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of our Services following the posting of changes to these terms will be acknowledged as your acceptance to those changes.
11.  Definitions
Apps
– The software applications developed and sold by Nibble Apps under their development account(s) on the Apple iTunes App Store or Google Play Store.
CCPA
– California Consumer Privacy Act – consumer rights relating to the access to, deletion of, and sharing of personal information that is collected by businesses. More information can be found here –
https://www.oag.ca.gov/privacy/ccpa
.
Content
– Information, including but not limited to recipes, nutritional information, nutritional plans, text, graphics, images, video, opinions, information and other material.
GDPR
–
General Data Protection Regulation – a European data protection law designed to give individuals more control over their personal information. More information can be found here –
https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/guide-to-data-protection/guide-to-the-general-data-protection-regulation-gdpr/individual-rights/
.
Personal Data
– Any information relating to an identifiable person who can be directly or indirectly identified in particular by reference to an identifier. This is a shared definition from the Information Commissioner’s Office, taken from
https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/guide-to-the-general-data-protection-regulation-gdpr/key-definitions/
.
Services
– The products that all users see and experience, that have been developed by Nibble Apps, in the form of our Site and Apps.
Site
– The Nibble Apps website, accessible at
www.nibbleapps.com
.
Third Party
– An independent company contracted by Nibble Apps to provide a service on behalf of our company, including but not limited to storage, hosting, support software, advertising or analytics.
Last updated: 14 April 2021