We're sorry but glacierpeak doesn't work properly without JavaScript enabled. Please enable it to continue.
Topo Maps+
Plans
Teams
Help
Account
Log In
Privacy
Summary
Many apps pay for their free users by selling their data. WE DON’T DO THIS. Some apps you pay money to, some you pay with attention, and some you pay with data. Topo Maps+ does not collect user data for the purpose of selling it. It is used only to make a user’s experience better within the app and sync user-created data between devices.
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register in our apps or on our site, subscribe to our newsletter or anonymous app usage information.
You may visit our site or use our apps anonymously. You are not required to give us your email address to use our apps.
1. If you don’t have a Topo Maps+ account.
All of your recorded GPS data stays on your device and is never transmitted to our servers.
If you make a purchase, there is an anonymous record of your purchase on our servers.
2. If you do have a Topo Maps+ account.
Your email address is stored on our servers.
To create a Topo Maps+ account you must provide an email address.
To have a more personalized experience, you can optionally store your name and photo. This information is not required.
Your recorded tracks, traced routes, waypoints, and purchases are synced to our service and transmitted using industry best practices for encryption. This information is stored on our servers so that you can use it on all of your devices.
The data on our servers is not publicly available and is not available to other Topo Maps+ users.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience
(your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
To improve our website or apps
(we continually strive to improve our apps and website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
To improve customer service
(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
To sync data between your devices
(You can choose to sync your data between your devices. To make this happen, your data is saved on our servers.)
To send periodic emails
The email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
Do we track your position with GPS?
Our apps only track your position with GPS with your consent when you choose to turn on GPS and explicitly give our apps permission to use GPS data. The GPS data is not saved, stored, or transmitted unless you explicitly choose to record a trip. When you sync your data between your devices any recorded trip data is sync'd with our servers. We do not use this data in anyway to track you or to identify you. It only exists on our servers so that you can access it from any of your devices. If you never record a trip in our apps, then your GPS data is never saved, stored, or transmitted.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
Do we use cookies?
We do not use cookies.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website and apps, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Your Consent
By using our site or apps, you consent to our privacy policy.
Disclaimer
While we continue to work hard to protect your data, no transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be absolutely secure, and we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to Glacier Peak Studios LLC. Transmitting personal information is done at your own risk.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
This policy was last modified on May 24, 2018.
Exercise Your Rights Under GDPR
Email Glacier Peak Studios at
support@glacierPeakStudios.com
to exercise your rights under GDPR.
Right to Withdraw Consent
Right to Be Informed
Right to Access
Right to Rectification
Right to Erasure ("Right to be Forgotten")
Right to Restriction of Processing
Right to Data Portability
Right to Object to Processing
Right to Object to Automated Individual Decision Making
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
www.glacierpeak.app
support@glacierPeakStudios.com