SUBSCRIBE
OIL & GAS JOBS
RIGZONE POLICY
Rigzone.com is committed to safeguarding the privacy of our users while providing personalized career management services on our websites.
This Privacy Policy for Rigzone.com describes our practices on the collection, use and disclosure of your information. When used herein, the terms “we,” “us,” and “our” refer to Rigzone.com.
We are committed to good privacy practices regarding your personal information. Your loyalty as a customer or visitor is important, and we hope that our concerns regarding your privacy, as described in this policy (the “Privacy Policy” or “Policy”), demonstrate our commitment to making your experience with us an enjoyable and satisfying one.
The data controller of Rigzone is located at Westpoint House, Arnhall Business Park, Abercrombie Court, Westhill, Aberdeenshire, AB32 6FJ
Right to Lodge a complaint
We commit to investigating and resolving complaints about our collection or use of your personal information. To make a complaint, contact us at
privacy@rigzone.com
.
To help us address the issue effectively, please provide the following:
The specific data privacy complaint (please provide as much detail as possible) including
Your full name and how we can contact you; and
Any previous correspondence on this specific data privacy issue.
If you are a resident of the EEA and have an unresolved privacy or personal information collection, use, or disclosure concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact the EU Data Protection Authorities. If you are a resident of Switzerland and have this concern, please contact the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner.
For more information on how to contact the EU Data Protection Authorities,
click here
.
For more information on how to contact the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner,
click here
.
This Privacy Policy governs your interaction with the Sites and your registration for and use of our online services (collectively, the “Services”). Except as set forth within this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use Agreement and other published guidelines, we do not release personal information about our users and visitors without their permission. This Privacy Policy only applies to information collected by the Sites and mobile applications that link to this privacy policy. Accordingly, we encourage you to review the entire Privacy Policy. Please click on any of the links below to review that particular section.
The information we gather
How we use the information we gather
How we share information we gather
Tracking Technologies
Security
Survey & Sweepstakes
Social Media Features
Data Subject Rights and Correction of Personal Information
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Questions?
A. The information we gather.
When visitors use the Services, we passively collect and aggregate information indicating, among other things, which pages were visited, the order in which they were visited, and which links were “clicked.” Collecting such information involves the collection and logging of IP addresses, operating system, Internet Service Provider (ISP), and browser software used by each user of the Services. The information we collect helps us identify the most popular areas of the Sites and determine the effectiveness of our promotional activities. In addition, we may disclose some of this information to advertisers to inform them of the number of people who have viewed and/or clicked their advertisements or content. On mobile applications, we use mobile analytics software to allow us to better understand the functionality of our Services on your phone. This software may record information such as how often you use the application, the events that occur within the application, aggregate usage, performance data, and where the application was downloaded from, type of device, and geolocation. On mobile applications, we may send push notifications to your device. You may opt-out of these at the device level.
The use of cookies by our partners is covered by our privacy policy. We do have access or control over these cookies. Our partners use session ID cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our site.
In certain areas of the Sites, such as those in which you complete a profile, submit your CV/resume, create a new account, subscribe to notifications, comment on an article or within our forum(s) or enter Rigzone-sponsored contests or promotions, we may request that you provide us with certain personal information, such as your e-mail address, first and last name, postal zip code, phone number, profession, or work experience, current employer/job title. We will, in such situations, seek to identify which informational items are required and which are optional. In some instances, we may collect geolocation based information for the purpose of helping identify jobs in your area and to provide other services specific to your geolocation. We may share this information for the sole purpose of providing you this feature. You may opt-out of location based services by editing the setting at the mobile device level.
Job seekers should post profiles and CV/resumes on our Sites only if they wish such information to be viewed by our customers. At any time, job seekers may elect that their profile and/or CV/resume not be searchable by our customers by logging into their account and changing the status of their profile or, if that is not possible, they may contact us at
support@rigzone.com
and we will make the change for them.
In addition, job seekers may elect to make their profile searchable by our customers on a confidential basis only. In this case, the user’s name and contact information will not be displayed to customers performing searches on our Sites. If the customer desires to contact the confidential job seeker regarding an employment opportunity, they will use our Sites to notify the job seeker. The Sites will generate a contact request from the customer to the job seeker without exposing the job seeker’s PPI to the customer. When posting a resume confidentially, it is the job seeker's responsibility to ensure that their contact information is not included within their resume attachment.
Our Services are not available to children under 16 years of age. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 16 years of age.
Please note that we cannot control the acts of users of the Services. All members and visitors should be aware that, when they disclose personal information in a CV/resume or profile or other medium, the information may be collected and used by others to send that person unsolicited email from other parties outside Rigzone. In the event that you encounter any user who is improperly collecting or using information about you or other users, please contact
privacy@rigzone.com
.
B. How we use the information we gather
Please take some time to familiarize yourself with the different ways we use the information we gather. Rigzone encourages all third parties involved, including but not limited to advertisers, to adhere to our policies regarding the privacy of our visitors and users and to otherwise handle personal information in a responsible manner. Nevertheless, in the event you encounter any third party associated with, or who claims association with, Rigzone who you feel is improperly collecting or using information about you, please contact
privacy@rigzone.com
.
1. How we use passively collected information:
We use information collected passively, as identified above, in aggregate form to build higher quality, more useful Services by performing statistical analyses of the collective characteristics and behavior of our visitors and users, and by measuring demographics and interests regarding specific areas of the Services. We may provide statistical information based on this data to advertisers, users, and other current and potential business partners. We may also use the aggregate data to inform these third parties as to the number of people who have viewed and/or clicked through links to their sites.
2. How we use personal information:
We may use the personal information a user submits for the following purposes:
To understand a user’s needs and create content that is relevant to the user;
To generate statistical studies;
To conduct market research and planning by sending user surveys;
To notify user referrals of Rigzone services, information, or products when a user requests that Rigzone send such information;
To improve services, information, and products;
To help a user complete a transaction, or provide services or customer support to users and to recipients of our products;
To communicate with the user and with recipients of our products and services;
To email users about services, information, products and offers from our business partners (and as set forth in section C, How we share information we gather);
To personalize the Site for the user;
To notify the user of any changes with the Sites which may affect the user;
To enforce terms of use on the Sites;
To allow the user to purchase products, access services, or otherwise engage in activities the user selects; and
To allow us to contact you by phone and/or email or social media. In some cases, this includes SMS/ MMS messaging, and carrier charges may apply.
User names, identifications (“IDs”), and email addresses (as well as any additional information that a user may choose to post) may be publicly available on the Sites when a user voluntarily and publicly discloses personal information, such as when a user uses features to send a message to another user, or as part of a message posted to a public forum or a publicly-released software application. Users may not be able to change or remove public postings once posted. Any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. To request removal of your personal information from these pages, contact us at
privacy@rigzone.com
. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.
With respect to surveys, in the event that responses are publicly disclosed, users will be notified at the time they take the survey. Circumstances under which we would publicly disclose information collected from surveys include, but are not limited to, sharing survey results with the Sites’ users, providing data to our advertisers on user preferences and/or demographics, and publicizing overall usage data in press communications. Where surveys allow users to submit written comments, and where we advise users of the possibility of such disclosure at the time they take the survey, we reserve the right to disclose any information provided by users, provided that no personal information identifying a specific user is disclosed. Participation in surveys is at a user’s option; we do not conduct mandatory surveys.
C. How we share information we gather
Service Providers
Subject to the foregoing, we use your personal information in several ways. We may share your personal information with service providers to help us with our business activities such as processing credit cards, email and social network marketing, offering customer service, or operating a community forum. These service providers are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us. With respect to job applications, we will not disclose your profile or resume on our Sites to prospective employers without your consent or to carry out your instructions.
Third Parties
We may share your information with third-party business partners, for instance, for the purpose of enhancing our products and services or so that they can market their products or services to you. If you do not want us to share your personal information with these companies, contact us at
privacy@rigzone.com
.
If you "opt in" to receive promotional materials from third parties, information you have made available to us may be made available to third parties who provide goods or services that we believe may be of interest to you. You may “opt out” of receiving such materials at any time in a variety of ways: by using the “opt-out/unsubscribe” link included in each email, by changing your subscriptions preferences on the “user settings” page in your account or by contacting us at
privacy@rigzone.com
If you have provided more than one email address to our service, you may continue to be contacted, unless you request to unsubscribe each email address you have provided. If you opted- in to receive information directly from third parties, then you must contact those third parties directly to opt-out.
In order to effectively tailor our services, these Sites may sell your personal information to third party consultants and business partners, including, but not limited to other lead generation companies (collectively “Third Party Contractors”) to collect, compile, organize, and market to you related services.
When you submit any personal information on this Site, we will obtain your consent authorizing the Sites to sell to Third Party Contractors any and all personal information that is necessary to enable additional service offerings.
Other Purposes
Please note that we reserve the right to disclose information submitted by or concerning any visitor or user as we reasonably feel is necessary to protect our systems or business. We may also disclose your personal information as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena or other legal process, when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request. We cooperate with law enforcement agencies in identifying those who may be using our servers or Services for illegal activities. We also reserve the right to report any suspected illegal activity to law enforcement for investigation or prosecution, or to suspend or terminate your use of the Services in connection with any suspected illegal or infringing activity or if you are in violation of our Terms of Use Agreement or other published guidelines.
If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on the Site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information. We reserve the right to assign, sell, license, or otherwise transfer to a third party your personal information in connection with an assignment, sale, joint venture, or other transfer or disposition of any portion or all of Rigzone’s or its affiliated entities’ assets or stock.
D. Tracking Technologies
Technologies such as cookies, beacons, tags and scripts are used by us and our partners, analytics, and service providers. These technologies are used generally for analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users’ movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole.
Pixels
We use pixels, or transparent GIF files, to help manage online advertising. These pixels are provided by our ad management partner, DoubleClick. These files enable our ad management partner to recognize a unique cookie on your Web browser, which in turn enables us to learn which advertisements bring users to our Sites. The information that we collect does not contain your name, address, telephone number, or email address. For more information about DoubleClick, including information about how to opt out of these technologies, go to
http://www.google.com/privacy/ads/
or you may also opt out by clicking
http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp
Cookies
We use cookies on the Sites. A “browser” or “HTTP” cookie is a unique text file that may be used for data analysis, and enables a web site to tailor information presented to a user based on a user’s browsing program. We may use browser cookies to personalize a user’s pages at our Sites, to remember a user when the user registers for products or services, for fraud prevention, or to track visits to our Sites. If a user does not want us or our partners to deploy browser cookies in the user’s browser when the user visits the Sites, the user may set the browser to reject cookies or to notify the user when a web site tries to place cookies in the browser program. Rejecting cookies may affect a user’s ability to use some of the products, features, functions, or services on our Sites.
The ads appearing on the Sites may be delivered to visitors by third parties, such as Google. The third party advertising technology that we use on the Sites uses information derived from a user’s visits to the Sites to target advertising within the Sites. In addition, our advertisers may use other third party advertising technology to target advertising on the Sites. In the course of serving advertisements to the Sites, our partners may place or recognize a unique cookie on a user’s browser. Information about users’ visits to the Sites, such as the number of times users have viewed an ad (but not users’ names, addresses, or other personal information), are used to serve ads to visitors. The use of cookies enables our partners to serve ads to users based on such user’s visit to the Sites and other sites on the Internet. As with other cookies, and consistent with our policy on cookies stated above, the user may block or delete such cookies from the user’s drive or memory. For more information about Google, Google’s use of cookies, and how to “opt out” of Google’s email/information lists, please click here:
http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
. If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you interest-based ads, you may opt-out by clicking
click here
. For our European customers you may opt-out here
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
. Please note this does not opt you out of being served ads. You will continue to receive generic ads.
Log files
Links to third party web sites or widgets to enable sharing of information through social networks on the Sites are provided solely as a convenience to the user. When a user uses these links, the user leaves the Sites. We have not reviewed all of these third party sites, does not control, and is not responsible for, any of the third party sites, their content or privacy practices. We do not endorse or make any representations about the third party sites, or any information, services, or products found on the sites. If a user decides to access any of the linked sites, we encourage the user to read their privacy statements. The user accesses such sites at user’s own risk.
Links to third party web sites
Links to third party web sites or widgets to enable sharing of information through social networks on the Sites are provided solely as a convenience to the user. When a user uses these links, the user leaves the Sites. We have not reviewed all of these third party sites, does not control, and is not responsible for, any of the third party sites, their content or privacy practices. We do not endorse or make any representations about the third party sites, or any information, services, or products found on the sites. If a user decides to access any of the linked sites, we encourage the user to read their privacy statements. The user accesses such sites at user’s own risk.
E. Security
The security of your personal information is important to us. When you enter sensitive information (such as a credit card number) on our order forms, we encrypt the transmission of that information.
We follow generally accepted standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, we cannot guarantee that information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards. It is your responsibility to protect the security of your login information. Please help keep your account safe by using a strong password. Accordingly, we advise that you do not communicate any confidential information through our Services.
If you have any questions about security on our Website, you can contact us at
security@rigzone.com
F. Surveys and Sweepstakes
Occasionally, we may conduct surveys in order to better deliver advertisements and content and to better understand your needs relating to the Services. We will not share your survey information with any third party, except in aggregate form.
From time-to-time we may provide you the opportunity to participate in contests or surveys on our site. If you participate, we will request certain personal information from you. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose this information. The requested information typically includes contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code). That information, to the extent it conflicts with this policy, will govern that particular promotion or sweepstakes - please remember to read it carefully. We may use this information to notify contest winners and award prizes, to monitor the Sites use, to personalize the Sites, to send participants an email, and to measure participants’ demographics, interests and opinions. We may use a third party service provider to conduct these surveys or contests; that company will be prohibited from using our users’ personal information for any other purpose. We will not share the personal information you provide through a contest or survey with other third parties unless we give you prior notice and choice.
If you choose to use our referral service to tell another person about a job, we will ask you for that person’s email address. We will automatically send that person a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site. We use this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email, and do not store these email addresses.
G. Social Media Features
The Sites include social media features, such as the Facebook like button and widgets that run on our Sites. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our Sites, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
H. Data Subjects’ Rights and Correction of Personal Information
You can request from Rigzone at any time information about which personal data Rigzone processes about you and the correction or deletion of such personal data. If your information changes, or you no longer desire our services, you may correct, update, amend, delete/remove or deactivate it by making the change on your account page or by emailing our Customer Support at
support@Rigzone.com
or by contacting us by telephone or postal mail at the contact information listed below.
Depending on which laws apply to your personal information, we may only be able to do some of these actions for you. If you request an action and we refuse to do it, we will explain your legal rights, the reason for our refusal and any recourse you may have. Please note that if you request that Rigzone delete your personal data, you will no longer be able to use any Rigzone service that requires the use of your personal data. If you have provided more than one email address to our service, you may continue to be contacted, unless you request to unsubscribe each email address you have provided.
If you are a California resident, California law may provide you with additional rights regarding our use of your personal information.  To learn more about your California privacy rights, visits our
Privacy Policy for California Residents.
If Rigzone uses your personal data based on your consent or to perform a contract with you, you may further request from Rigzone a copy of the personal data that you have provided to Rigzone. In this case, please contact
privacy@rigzone.com
and specify the information or processing activities to which your request relates, the format in which you would like this information, and whether the personal data is to be sent to you or another recipient.
You can request that we restrict your personal data from any further processing in any of the following events: (i) you state that the personal data Rigzone has about you is incorrect, (but only for as long as Rigzone is required to check the accuracy of the relevant personal data), (ii) there is no legal basis for Rigzone to process your personal data and you demand that Rigzone restricts your personal data from further processing, (iii) Rigzone no longer requires your personal data but you claim that you require Rigzone to retain such data in order to claim or exercise legal rights or to defend against third party claims or (iv) if you object to the processing of your personal data by Rigzone (based on Rigzone’s legitimate interest as further set out in Section A above), which may be required when determining if Rigzone has a prevailing interest or legal obligation in processing your personal data.
We will respond to your request without undue delay within 30 days. Rigzone reserves the right to take reasonable steps to verify customer identity prior to granting access or processing changes or corrections. Please direct any such request to
privacy@rigzone.com
.
1. Data Retention:
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you Services. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you Services, contact us at
support@Rigzone.com
. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
2. Blogs:
The Sites may offer publicly accessible blogs or community forums. You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. To request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum, contact us at
support@Rigzone.com
. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.
3. Testimonials:
We post testimonials on the Sites which may contain personal. We do obtain consent by email or a release agreement prior to posting the testimonial to post their name along with their testimonial.
4. Email Preferences:
You may sign up to receive emails or other communications from us. If you would like to discontinue receiving this information, you may update your email preferences by using the ‘Unsubscribe’ link found in emails we send to you, by making a change on your account page, or by contacting us at
support@Rigzone.com
.
I. Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update this privacy policy to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on the Site prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
Note that, by using the Services, you signify your agreement to this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Policy, please do not use the Services. Your continued use of the Services subsequent to changes to this Policy will mean that you accept the changes; therefore, please bookmark this page and review it periodically. If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, or any other privacy issues in connection with the Services, please e-mail us at
privacy@rigzone.com
.
J. Questions?
Questions regarding this Privacy Policy should be directed to
privacy@rigzone.com
. You may also contact us at Rigzone.com, Inc., 13105 NW Freeway, Suite 1215, Houston, TX, 77040  or at tel. +1-281-345-4040.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.google.com/privacy/ads/:

Sub-policy 1
http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html:
Privacy & Terms
Sub-policy 2
https://www.rigzone.com/ccpa-policy/:
SEARCH JOBS >>
CREATE ACCOUNT
SIGN IN
SUBSCRIBE
OIL & GAS JOBS
RIGZONE POLICY
This
Privacy Notice for California Residents
supplements and is expressly made part of the information contained in Rigzone.com privacy policy
https://www.rigzone.com/privacy-policy/
and applies solely to all visitors, users, and others who reside in the State of California (“consumers” or “you”). We adopt this Notice to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA).  Any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this Notice.
Information We Collect
Our Websites collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or device
(“personal information”)
. Our Websites have collected the following categories of personal information from its consumers within the last twelve (12) months:
Category
Collected
A. Identifiers.
YES
B. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
YES
C. Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
YES
D. Commercial information.
YES
E. Biometric information.
NO
F. Internet or other similar network activity.
YES
G. Geolocation data.
NO
H. Sensory data.
NO
I. Professional or employment-related information.
YES
J. Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)).
NO
K. Inferences drawn from other personal information.
NO
Personal information does not include:
Publicly available information from government records.
Deidentified or aggregated consumer information.
Information excluded from the CCPA’s scope, like:
health or medical information covered by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) and the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act (CMIA) or clinical trial data;
personal information covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FRCA), the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) or California Financial Information Privacy Act (FIPA), and the Driver’s Privacy Protection Act of 1994.
Rigzone obtains the categories of personal information listed above from the following categories of sources:
Directly from you. For example, from forms you complete or products and services you purchase.
Indirectly from you. For example, from observing your actions on our Websites.
From third-party business partners such as social media sites, ad networks, and analytics providers.
Use of Personal Information
We may use or disclose the personal information we collect for one or more of the following business purposes:
To fulfill or meet the reason you provided the information, for example searching for a new job.
To provide, support, personalize, and develop our Websites, products, and services.
To create, maintain, customize, and secure your account with us.
To process your requests, purchases, transactions, and payments and prevent transactional fraud.
To provide you with support and to respond to your inquiries, including to investigate and address your concerns and monitor and improve our responses.
To personalize your Website experience and to deliver content and product and service offerings relevant to your interests, including targeted offers and ads through our Websites, third-party sites, and via email or text message (with your consent, where required by law).
To help maintain the safety, security, and integrity of our Websites, products and services, databases and other technology assets, and business.
For testing, research, analysis, and product development, including to develop and improve our Websites, products, and services.
To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations.
As described to you when collecting your personal information or as otherwise set forth in the CCPA.
To evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Rigzone’s assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by Rigzone about our Website users is among the assets transferred.
Rigzone will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice.
Sharing Personal Information
Rigzone may disclose your personal information to a third party for a business purpose. When we disclose personal information for a business purpose, we enter a contract that describes the purpose and requires the recipient to both keep that personal information confidential and not use it for any purpose except performing the contract. We share your personal information with the following categories of third parties:
Recruiters and HR firms who have entered in said contract with Rigzone
Advertising Partners
Disclosures of Personal Information for a Business Purpose
In the preceding twelve (12) months, Rigzone has disclosed the following categories of personal information for a business purpose:
Category A: Identifiers.
Category B: California Customer Records personal information categories.
Category D: Commercial information.
Category F: Internet or other similar network activity.
Category G: Geolocation data.
Category K: Inferences drawn from other personal information.
We disclose your personal information for a business purpose to the following categories of third parties:
Recruiters and HR firms who have entered in said contract with Rigzone.
Sales of Personal Information
In the preceding twelve (12) months, Rigzone has not sold personal information.
Your Rights and Choices
The CCPA provides consumers (California residents) with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights.
Access to Specific Information and Data Portability Rights
You have the right to request that Rigzone disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights), we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you.
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also called a data portability request).
If we sold or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing:
sales, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient purchased; and
disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained.
Deletion Request Rights
You have the right to request that Rigzone delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights), we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.
We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service provider(s) to:
Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you.
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 seq.).
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information’s deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research’s achievement, if you previously provided informed consent.
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.
Comply with a legal obligation.
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights
To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by either:
Emailing
privacy@rigzone.com
Calling us at +1-281-3545-4040, or
Sending a letter to us at Rigzone.com 13105 NW Freeway, Suite 1215, Houston, TX, 77040
Only you, or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.
You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you.
Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us.
We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request.
Response Timing and Format
We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within forty-five (45) days of its receipt. If we require more time (up to 90 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing.
If you have an account with us, we will deliver our written response to that account. If you do not have an account with us, we will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option.
Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request’s receipt. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your personal information that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
Non-Discrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
Deny you goods or services.
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
However, we may offer you certain financial incentives permitted by the CCPA that can result in different prices, rates, or quality levels. Any CCPA-permitted financial incentive we offer will reasonably relate to your personal information’s value and contain written terms that describe the program’s material aspects. Participation in a financial incentive program requires your prior opt in consent, which you may revoke at any time.
Other California Privacy Rights
California’s “Shine the Light” law (Civil Code Section § 1798.83) permits users of our Websites that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to
privacy@rigzone.com
Changes to Our Privacy Notice
Rigzone reserves the right to amend this privacy Notice at our discretion and at any time. When we make changes to this privacy Notice, we will post the updated Notice on the Websites and update the Notice’s effective date.
Your continued use of our Websites following the posting of changes constitutes your acceptance of such changes.
Contact Information
If you have any questions or comments about this Notice, the ways in which Rigzone collects and uses your information described above, your choices and rights regarding such use, or wish to exercise your rights under California law, please do not hesitate to contact us at:
Phone:
+1 281-345-4040
Email:
privacy@rigzone.com
Postal Address:
13105 NW Freeway
Suite 1215
Houston, TX
77040