Privacy Policy
Gem Mining Fantasy Studio collect your personal data so that you can benefit from Gem Mining Fantasy Studio's Services and we make it our duty to adhere to the rules of the game!
This privacy policy is designed to help you understand how your data is used, inform you of your rights and how to exercise your rights.
1. Use of Personal Information and legal grounds
We processes your personal data in order to provide the Services by downloading, accessing and/or playing our games or using our other Services. Most of this data comes directly from you. We collect the following information you provide in connection with our Services:
Contact Information, including your country or region, or username.
User Generated Content, including any files, documents, videos, images, data, or information you choose to upload or transmit through your communications with us or your use of the Services.
Survey Information, including feedback and ratings you provide relating to our Services.
Inferences, such as information generated from your use of the Services, reflecting predictions about your interests and preferences.
We use this data to provide our games and Services to you, including optimizing our Services, customization of in-game offers and verifying purchases. We may also use it for the other purposes set out in this Privacy Policy.
2. How we use your information
We use your personal and non-personal information, both individually and combined together, the following ways:
To provide a safe and enjoyable user experience.
To operate, improve, and develop our Games and Services for you and the device that you are using.
This includes the use and analysis of aggregated data to ensure that our Games and websites work properly on all devices.
We use analytics tools, which may include third party analytics tools, to collect information about how you play our Games or use our Services.
We may analyze and use the information that we collect on an anonymized or aggregated basis for product development, to analyze the performance of our Games, to troubleshoot, and to improve and optimize the Games to ensure the best player experience for our players as a whole.
We may also create reports, analysis, or similar services for use by us for the purposes of research or business intelligence, for example to track potential problems or trends with our Services, or to test out new Game features and content.
To ensure that any purchases you make are verified on our servers and activated in the Games.
We may also share your information with third party publishers who develop and provide Games and other Services to you on our behalf.
Customer Support
We will use the information and data that you provide directly to us through our customer support channels to communicate with you.
Help identify and troubleshoot problems with your account or Games
Correspond with you (i.e. respond to your specific requests or questions)
Manage your account and relationship with us and to improve your experience when you using our Services.
Events, offers, and promotions
From time to time we may run promotions or competitions during which we may collect certain personal information from you, such as your name, address, postal code, email address or other information or content submitted in order for you to claim a prize.
Those competitions will have their own specific terms and conditions, but we will use personal information that you provide in relation to that competition for the purposes of running the competition.
We may also publish the names and entries of competition entrants. That information may also be combined with your BBB Account and other account information and will be processed, stored, and shared in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Marketing and Advertising purposes
When you play our Games or use our Services, non-personal identifiers and other information from your device is collected and shared with advertising partners to enable the technical delivery of ads to your device.
Our advertising partners may combine this information with information which they have collected about you when you use their services (or the websites or services of third parties) in order to serve you more relevant ads in our Games or to improve the accuracy of their targeting and measurement systems.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the collection of your information by our advertising partners. We recommend that you review our advertising partners’ privacy policies for more information here.
Legal Compliance
To enable us to comply with laws that apply to us, to prevent fraud, to ensure compliance with our terms of service or where necessary to defend, exercise or establish our legal rights including our rights under our Terms of Service
Social Media
We have several Social media channels which we use to communicate to our players. If you choose to interact with those channels, we will receive your information and use it in connection with those channels, including to engage with you, and we may also republish your posts to those channels.
Chat
When you participate in social features (such as chat), the information that you disclose is public information. We may store and access it, and it may be read, copied, collected, or used by other users without your consent. Please make sure privacy settings reflect your preferences.
To ensure that you are complying with our terms of service and we also reserve the right to prevent your use of our chat service(s) or to block the sending of any message for any reason.
Visiting our Website
When you visit our other websites, we collect information about you, such as details about how you use and interact with such Websites. We may use the information we collect about you for a number of purposes, including for operating and optimizing the Websites, in connection with our advertising purposes, and for research or analysis.
Information we collect via cookies (which are small text files placed on your device) or other similar tracking technologies, allow us to collect data such as your device’s model operating system, screen size, and other information about how you use our Services.
3. Third party account data
The personal information we collect when you login via a Third Party Account may depend on your privacy settings for that Third Party Account.
We don’t control how such third parties collect, use and share your personal information. You should review the relevant third party privacy policy for more information.
- Age: For age verification purposes, we may collect date of birth from users before we permit them to use the Services.
- Purchases: If you make a purchase within the Services through the relevant store, we may collect and maintain your purchase history and details however, we do not receive your credit card number.
- Customer Service: We may collect emails, chat records, attachments and customer opinions for customer consultation, handling complaints and other business, delivering announcements, and performing customer support tasks.
- Other Automatically Collected Info:
Device Identifiers. We may collect IP information, unique device identifier, device ID, advertising ID, application ID or other identifiers
The following information may be collected while you use the Services:
- Activity and usage records, game scores, credits, access logs, improper usage record and fraud detection information, device information (model, service provider information, OS information, language and country information,),
- Precise geo-location data (GPS, with your consent)
Domain name, browser type and operating system device type and other statistical or technical information related to your device or the version of our Services that you are using.
4. Age&Children
Our Services are not intended for children.
We have implemented age-gate to its games to verify players’ age. Even if you are below the age needed for providing a valid consent for targeted advertising, profiling and geolocation, you can continue accessing our Services. However, there will be no profiling, targeted advertising or geolocation tracking, Our Services will then only contain contextual advertising. We will only collect data, on players under 13 years of age, (or under 16 in certain jurisdictions in the European Union), when it is needed to provide the service and ensure that they are protected in accordance with the applicable privacy laws.
If you are above 13 years of age, (or above 16 in certain jurisdictions in the European Union), we may offer the option to connect with Facebook. In this situation please refer to Facebooks privacy policy.
If you are a parent or legal guardian of a child under the age of 13 (or under 16 in certain jurisdictions in the European Union) who uses our Services, please contact us, if you have any questions or comments. On your request we will delete your child’s personal information if we are able to identify your child, unless you provide us with your verifiable consent for your child to continue to use our games.
5. Retention
We retain your data for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you the Service.
Note that if you ask us to remove your personal data, we will retain your data as necessary for our legitimate business interests, such as to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
6. Obtain a copy of your data
At any time you can request a copy of the Data associated with your Account. You may also consult the Data, use it yourself or transfer it to another service provider. We has established a simple procedure for you to exercise your rights:
Please see the Account management page, in the “Privacy and Communication" Section, then “Download your information".
If you have been sanctioned in relation to our Services, we will not be able to give you access to the Data regarding your sanction so as to maintain our ability to detect or take action against such behaviour.
Correct your Data – “Right to rectification": You have the right to correct your Data when it is inaccurate or incomplete (for example, change your delivery address).
To do so, please see the Account management page, in the “Account information" Section.
Give and withdraw your consent – “Right to object and withdraw your consent": At any time, you may withdraw your consent or object to the receipt of newsletters or advertising emails, the personalisation of advertisements or the sharing of your Data with our partners (except for subsidiaries and technical service providers):
on the Account management page, in the “Privacy and Communication" Section,
on the Cookies page, to set the Cookies,
for some of our mobile games, in the privacy settings,
on your telephone or your tablet, in the settings, by activating “Limit Ad Tracking" on telephones, or activating “Opt-out of Ads Personalisation" on Android telephones.
Delete your Account – “Right to erasure (right to be forgotten)": You can request the closure of your Account and the deletion of the associated Data.
To do so, please see the Account management page in the “Account information" Section then “Close your account".
If you have been sanctioned in relation to our Services, we cannot delete the Data regarding your sanction as to allow us to maintain your sanction.
Limit the use of your Data – “Right to restriction of processing": You also have the right to request that your Data no longer be used or not be deleted during the time we are processing your request.
If you feel that your rights have not been respected after having contacted us, you have the right to make a complaint to the regulatory authority in your country.
7. Contact us
If you have any questions or concerns about any matter relating to this Privacy Policy, including exercising any of your rights, please contact us at: game@gemmining.info