CLAN Automotive Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy describes how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you visit or make a purchase from https://www.clan.co.id (the “Site”).
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
When you visit the Site, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device. Additionally, as you browse the Site, we collect information about the individual web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the Site, and information about how you interact with the Site. We refer to this automatically-collected information as “Device Information.”
                        We collect Device Information using the following technologies:
        
                            - “Cookies” are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier. For more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
                            - “Log files” track actions occurring on the Site, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps.
HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
When in line with the preferences you have shared with us, provide you with information or advertising relating to our products or services.
BEHAVIOURAL ADVERTISING
As described above, we use your Personal Information to provide you with marketing communications we believe may be of interest to you.
DO NOT TRACK
Please note that we do not alter our Site's data collection and use practices when we see a Do Not Track signal from your browser.
YOUR RIGHTS
If you are a European resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact information below.
                        Additionally, if you are a European resident we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you (for example if you make an order through the Site), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above.  Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe, including to Canada and the United States.
DATA RETENTION
Everything that you do through the Site is recorded, unless you ask us to delete the informations.
CHANGES
We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.
CONTACT US
For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by e-mail at app@clan.co.id, WhatsApp at +6282333005508, or by mail using the details provided below:
Apartment Tower Anderson Nomor 2539, Pakuwon Mall Jl. Raya Lontar No. 2, Desa/Kelurahan Lontar, Kec. Sambikerep, Kota Surabaya, Provinsi Jawa Timur, Indonesia