ABOUT US
CAREERS
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Applicant Privacy Notice
PRIVACY POLICY
Effective Date: 22/12/2023
Pine Games Teknoloji Anonim Şirketi
is a technology company specializing in the design and development of mobile games. 
                            This Privacy Policy aims to elucidate our practices regarding the gathering, storage, sharing, and usage of your personal
                            data, adhering to the legal standards of the countries in which we operate.
In this Policy, "personal data" encompasses all types of data or information that can be
                            used to identify, is connected to, describes, or is in any way associated with, either
                            directly or indirectly, a specific individual or household. This also includes any kind of
                            data or information considered as "personal data" or "personally identifiable information."
The scope of this Privacy Policy extends to a variety of platforms, including websites,
                            mobile applications, forums, blogs, and any offline services, as well as our marketing and
                            advertising endeavors across all platforms and other services that we may provide to you
                            from time to time (collectively, the "Services"). However, this Privacy Policy does not
                            pertain to individuals applying for jobs at Pine Games, current employees, or other staff
                            members.
This Privacy Policy applies to websites, mobile applications, forums, blogs, any offline
                            services, our marketing and advertising activities on all platforms This Privacy Policy does
                            not apply to Pine Games job applicants, employees, or other personnel.
Pine Games acts as the primary entity in control of your personal data collected in relation
                            to your usage of the Services. This role entails the responsibility and authority to
                            determine the usage of your personal data. According to this Privacy Policy, your personal
                            data will be processed to facilitate the Services when you download our mobile applications,
                            play our games, or engage with our Services in any form. Should you have concerns about the
                            provision of your data to us or its usage as outlined in this Privacy Policy, you are
                            encouraged to reach out to us. You can exercise your rights as detailed in the Security
                            section of this Privacy Policy.
Pine Games is the controller of the personal data we hold about you in connection with your
                            use of the Services. This means that we determine and are responsible for how your personal
                            data is used. Under this Privacy Policy, your personal data shall be processed in order to
                            provide the Services once you download our mobile applications, access and/or play our
                            games, or interact with our Services. If you have any other concerns about providing data to
                            us or it being used as described in this Privacy Policy, you may contact us and use your
                            rights explained under Security section of this Privacy Policy.
CONTACT US
The data controller is Pine Games Teknoloji Anonim Şirketi,whose residing at Fatih Sultan Mehmet Mahallesi, 
                            Balkan Caddesi, 62A, Justwork Ofis Kampüsü, Ümraniye/İstanbul, 34772
If you have any questions about the privacy practices or this Privacy Policy, please contact
                            Pine Games’ data protection officer by email at
info@pinegames.com
.
2. HOW WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We may collect personal data directly from you or third-party companies who have obtained
                            your consent or have another legal right to share such personal data with us (including
                            advertising platforms, partners and data aggregators who have obtained it). This may include
                            attributes about you and your interests, as well as other games and services you use,
                            demographic and general location information. We will use your personal data as described in
                            this Privacy Policy.
Personal Data Collected Directly from You
Pine Games processes your personal data in order to provide the Services when you download,
                            access and/or play our games or using our other Services. Most of this data comes directly
                            from you. We collect the following information you provide in connection with our Services:
Contact Information,
including your country or region, or username.
User Generated Content,
including any files, documents, videos, images,
                                data, or information you choose to upload or transmit through your
Profile and Gameplay Information,
, such as your screen name, avatar or
                                profile picture; your in-game scores, achievements and purchases; the competitions you
                                enter and your membership and participation in teams on the Services.
Survey Information
,including feedback and ratings you provide relating
                                to our Services.
Inferences
,such as information generated from your use of the Services,
                                reflecting predictions about your interests and preferences.
Parental Information
, parent’s e-mail address and PIN to be created,
                                only if you activate parental control setting in the Services.
We use this data to provide our games and Services to you, including optimizing our Services,
                        customization of in-game offers and verifying purchases. We may also use it for the other
                        purposes set out in this Privacy Policy.
Information We Collect Automatically
Depending on which of our Services you interact with, we may collect and process the
                            following types of information:
Analytics Data,
including details about how you use and interact with
                                our games, advertising and other Services (for example, information about how and when
                                you use our Services, what device you use to access our Services or details regarding
                                profile visits, crash logs and diagnostic information about the performance of our
                                Services on your device);
Device Data,
including your unique device ID
                                (persistent/non-persistent), Identifier For Advertisers (IDFA), Identifier for Vendor
                                (IDFV), game center ID
Location Data
, including your location based on your Internet Protocol
                                ("IP"); and
Commercial Information
, such as products and services purchased,
                                obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies;
We and our third-party providers may use (i) cookies or small data files that are stored on an
                        individual's computer and (ii) other related technologies, such as web beacons, pixels, embedded
                        scripts, location-identifying technologies and logging technologies (collectively, "cookies") to
                        provide our website services. Please see the International Transfer section of this Privacy
                        Policy for the detailed information.
Personal Data Collected from Third Parties
As mentioned above, most of the information that we collect about you comes directly from
                            you when you play our games or interact with our Services. However, when you allow
                            third-party companies access to your personal data (e.g., downloading our mobile
                            applications through App Store or Google Store and linking your Facebook account to mobile
                            applications), we also collect information from such third parties.
Social Media:
When you interact with our Services through various
                                social media networks, such as when someone "Likes" us on Facebook or follows us, or
                                shares our content on Google, Facebook, Twitter, or other social networks, we may
                                receive some information about individuals that they permit the social network to share
                                with third parties. The data we receive is dependent upon an individual's privacy
                                settings with the social network and may include name, profile picture and friends list.
                                Individuals should always review and, if necessary, adjust their privacy settings on
                                third-party websites, social media networks, and services before sharing information
                                and/or linking or connecting them to other services. We use this information to operate,
                                maintain, and provide you with the features and functionality of the Services, as well
                                as to communicate directly with you, such as to send you emails about products and
                                services that may be of interest to you.
Service Providers:
When you install or purchase items related to our
                                mobile apps (such as those you can purchase/download via App Store or Google Store),
                                Pine Games does not have access to your credit card or bank account data. However,
                                third-party payment processors stated above may share non-financial information with us
                                related to your purchases, like the items purchased to fulfill your order. The personal
                                data received from third-party companies will depend on privacy settings on relevant
                                third-party applications.
Information we receive from authentication services you connect to our
                                    Service:
Some parts of our Services may allow you to log in through a
                                third-party social network or authentication service such as Facebook. These services
                                will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal
                                data with us, which could include your name, email address and user ID associated with
                                the third-party, profile picture, and the name and avatar of your Facebook friends that
                                are already playing our games.The data we receive is dependent on that third party's
                                policies and your privacy settings on that third-party site. Where available, you will
                                also be able to see which of your friends are playing the same game and their progress
                                through the games (and they will be able to see you and your progress) or access other
                                functionality we make available in our games and other Services, such as inviting
                                friends to play. You can choose not to allow us to access your email address in the
                                Facebook dialog box when the first time you associate your Facebook account with your
                                Pine Games profile.
                                Logging in with Facebook will not allow us to post anything to your page without your
                                permission, and we will not receive any information about your Facebook friends who do
                                not play our games. If you do not wish your Facebook friends to be able to see you and
                                your progression in our games, you can prevent this by disconnecting from Facebook from
                                our games and updating your app permissions from within your Facebook settings. If you
                                choose not to create a Pine Games profile by connecting your Facebook account, the
                                personal data that we collect when you play our games will be linked to a random
                                identifier rather than information that could identify you directly, but we will collect
                                device-level identifiers and other information associated with those identifiers
                                described above.
                                 We recommend that you read Facebook's Privacy Policy and review your privacy settings
                                from time to time to ensure that you understand fully how your Facebook data is shared.
Other Sources:
We may also collect personal data about individuals that
                                we do not otherwise have from, for example, publicly available sources, third-party data
                                providers, brand partnerships, or through transactions such as mergers and acquisitions.
                                We use this information to operate, maintain, and provide you with the features and
                                functionality of our Services.
Third Party Service Providers and Their Privacy Practices
The privacy policies of our service providers may include additional terms and disclosures
                            regarding their data collection and use practices and tracking technologies. We encourage
                            you to review these privacy policies to understand their practices, the use of cookies, and
                            other similar tracking technologies. Our service providers include, but are not limited to:
                            Applovin, Google Play Services, Meta, Digital Turbine, Inmobi, Ironsource, Unity Ads,
                            Liftoff, Pangle, Chartboost, and Tenjin. Links to the privacy policies of these third-party
                            service providers are available for your reference.
PURPOSES FOR PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We collect and use your personal data for the following purposes:
to enable us to personalise your in-game profile, provide our games (including the social
                            elements of our games, such as team play and competitions), to ensure that your purchases
                            are activated in the games, and to provide you with player support if you need it;
                             to enable us to optimize our games for you and for the device that you are using, as well
                            as to deliver customized in-game events, offers and promotions;
                             to manage our organization and its day-to-day operations;
                             to verify your identity and entitlement to products or Services when you contact us or
                            access our Services;
                             to request your participation in our surveys about our organization, organizations we
                            partner with, and the Services;
                             to help maintain the safety, security and integrity of our property and Services,
                            technology assets and business;
                             to operate, improve and optimize our other games and other services;
                             to personalize our Services, understand our users and their preferences to enhance user
                            experience and enjoyment using our Services and improve our users' experience;
                             to provide access to certain areas, functionalities and features of our Services,
                            including social features and multiplayer competitions;
                             to communicate with you regarding Services-related information, including confirmations,
                            technical notices, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages;
                             to enable players to communicate with each other in games or on our social media accounts;
                             to respond to your comments and inquiries and provide customer support services;
                             to prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities, including cheating or fraud and
                            to protect our players;
                             to measure interest in our Services;
                             to ensure internal quality control;
                             to enable us to comply with laws that apply to us, to prevent fraud, to ensure compliance
                            with our Terms of Service or, where necessary, to defend, exercise or establish our legal
                            rights, including our rights under our Terms of Service;
                             to ensure the activation of parental control setting and verification;
                             to comply with contractual and legal obligations and requirements;
                             to provide support through our customer service channels when requested;
                             to conduct internal research and analytics; and
                             as otherwise expressly set out in this Privacy Policy or as required or permitted by law.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We may also share, transmit, disclose, grant access to, make available, and provide personal
                            data with and to the following third parties. We disclose your personal data for the
                            purposes set forth in this Privacy Policy to provide the Services to our third-party service
                            providers, to comply with legal obligations, and to protect and defend our rights and
                            property.
Other Users:
: If you participate in any of our online communities or
                                purchase goods or services on our Services, we may disclose your public profile
                                information to other online community members, including your screen name, profile
                                picture or avatar, your in-game scores and achievements, as well as any other
                                information you choose to provide or make public.
Contests, Sweepstakes, and Survey Providers:
We may share personal
                                data with third parties who assist us in delivering our contests, sweepstakes, or survey
                                offerings and processing the responses.
Business Partners:
We enter into certain select marketing relationships
                                with advertisers and other companies that provide products or services that we believe
                                may be of interest to users of the Services. We may share personal data or any
                                information collected through the Services with those marketing partners in order to
                                help them send you information that we believe will be of interest to you.
Service Providers:
We may share your personal data with our service
                                providers. The types of service providers (data processors) to whom we entrust include
                                companies that provides (i) provision IT and related services; (ii) provision of
                                information and services you have requested; (iii) customer service activities; (iv)
                                analytics and search engine activities that assist us in the improvement and
                                optimization of the Services; and (v) any supporting activities in connection with our
                                Services. Pine Games has executed appropriate contracts with the service providers that
                                prohibit them from using or sharing personal data except as necessary to perform the
                                contracted services on our behalf or to comply with applicable legal requirements.
Disclosures to Protect Our Rights, Your Rights or the Rights of Others (e.g., as
                                    Required by Law and Similar Disclosures):
We may access, preserve, and
                                disclose your personal data, other account information and content if we believe doing
                                so is required or appropriate: (i) to comply with law enforcement or national security
                                requests and legal processes, such as a court order or subpoena; (ii) to respond to your
                                requests; (iii) to protect your, our or others' rights, property or safety; (iv) to
                                enforce Pine Games' policies or contracts; (v) to collect amounts owed to Pine Games;
                                (vi) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or
                                financial loss or in connection with an investigation or prosecution of suspected or
                                actual illegal activity; or (vii) if we, in good faith, believe that disclosure is
                                otherwise necessary or advisable.
Ad Networks and Advertising Partners:
We work with third-party ad
                                networks and advertising partners to deliver advertising and personalized content on our
                                Services, on other websites and services, and across other devices. These parties may
                                collect information directly from a browser or device when an individual visits our
                                Services through cookies or other data collection technologies. This information is used
                                to provide and inform targeted advertising, as well as to provide advertising-related
                                services such as reporting, attribution, analytics and market research. Please see the
                                Third-Party Data Collection and Online Advertising section for more information.
With Your Consent:
We may disclose personal data about an individual to
                                certain other third parties or publicly with their consent or direction. For example,
                                with an individual's consent or direction, we may post their testimonial on our Sites or
                                service-related publications.
Sale of Assets and Change of Control:
If there is a sale of the assets
                                of Pine Games or corporate restructuring, or as a result of a change of control in the
                                shareholding structure of Pine Games, or in preparation for any of these events, any
                                third party to which Pine Games transfers or sells Pine Games' assets will have the
                                right to continue to use the personal and other information that you provide to us in
                                the manner set out in this Privacy Policy.
Legal Obligations and Rights:
We may disclose personal data to third
                                parties, such as legal advisors and law enforcement:
                                 in connection with the establishment, exercise, or defense of legal claims;
                                 to comply with laws or to respond to lawful requests and legal processes;
                                 to protect our rights and property and the rights and property of others, including
                                enforcing our agreements and policies;
                                 to detect, suppress, or prevent fraud;
                                 to protect the health and safety of us and others; or
                                 as otherwise required by applicable law.
THIRD-PARTY DATA COLLECTION AND ONLINE ADVERTISING
We participate in interest-based advertising and use third-party advertising companies to
                            serve targeted advertisements based on your browsing history. We permit third-party online
                            advertising networks, social media companies and other third-party services to collect
                            information about your use of our online services over time so that they may play or display
                            ads on our Services, on other websites or services you may use, and on other devices, you
                            may use.
Our advertising partners may help us serve ads to you by combining your personal data with
                            data they have collected about you elsewhere. They collect this information when you use
                            their services or the websites and services of third parties. Our partners use this
                            information to make assumptions about the kinds of advertising you would prefer to see. If
                            they determine that you would be interested in seeing an advert for Pine Games' Services,
                            they will serve you with a Pine Games advertising while using other websites and services.
                            We use ad identifiers and similar technologies to provide our Services to you and in order
                            to collect data from your device. These technologies allow our third-party advertising
                            partners and us to:
recognize you and your device;
provide interest-based advertising to you;
allow our Services to interact with a third-party social network or platform (where you
                                have chosen to allow such interaction);
enable third parties and us to provide you with more customized services, for example,
                                to provide our Services in the correct language.
Typically, though not always, the information used for interest-based advertising is collected
                        through tracking technologies, such as cookies, web beacons, embedded scripts,
                        location-identifying technologies, and similar technology, which recognize the device you are
                        using and collect information, including click stream information, browser type, time and date
                        you visited the Sites, AdID, precise location data and other information. We may share a common
                        account identifier (such as a hashed email address or user ID) with our third-party advertising
                        partners to help identify you across devices.
Our third-party partners and we may use this information to make the advertisements you see
                        online more relevant to your interests and provide advertising-related services such as
                        reporting, attribution, analytics and market research. We may also use services provided by
                        third parties (such as social media platforms) to serve targeted ads to you and others on such
                        platforms. We may do this by providing a hashed version of your email address or other
                        information to the platform provider.
Currently, our website uses strictly necessary, functional, analytical/performance, and
                        advertising/targeting cookies. Please the International Transfer section of this Privacy Policy
                        for detailed information.
COOKIES
Like most online services, our website uses the following types of cookies:
Strictly Necessary cookies.
These cookies are essential for the proper
                                functioning of our website.
Functional cookies.
These cookies enable a website to remember
                                information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred
                                language or the region that you are in. The legal basis for our use of functionality
                                cookies is our legitimate interests, namely being able to maintain our website.
Analytical/performance cookies.
These cookies allow us to recognize and
                                count the number of visitors to our website, to improve how our website works and to see
                                how visitors move around our website.
Advertising/targeting cookies.
These cookies only work during your
                                visit to our website due to the presence of videos linked to third-party streaming
                                platforms. They are typically used to track the visitors’ online activity on our
                                website, and display more relevant advertisements.
Please note, by playing our games, and unless you opt-out of interest-based advertising as
                        explained in this section, your personal data shall be used by our marketing partners to collect
                        and use information about you to improve advertising, targeting and measurement systems as
                        described in their privacy policies.
You can set your web browser to warn you about attempts to place cookies on your computer or
                        limit the type of cookies you allow. Cookies used by our website operate differently than
                        browser cookies, and cookie management tools available in a web browser may not remove cookies.
                        Please be advised that if you disable cookies, you may lose some of the features and
                        functionality of our website because the cookies are necessary to track and enhance your
                        activities.
To make opt-out requests related to mobile apps on your device for businesses participating in
                        the DAA's CCPA App-based Opt-Out Tool, you can download the appropriate app at
                        https://www.privacyrights.info/.
CONTROL OVER YOUR INFORMATION
Delete or Reset our Services.
There are other ways in which you can
                                control the personal data that we collect about you. For instance, delete our games from
                                your mobile device. You could also reset your mobile advertising identifier.
Access to Your Device Information.
You may control the Services' access
                                to your device information through your "Settings" app on your device. For instance, you
                                can withdraw permission for the Services to access your network devices and location
                                data and to integrate with your other applications.
Modifying or Deleting Your Information.
If you have any questions about
                                reviewing, modifying, or deleting your information, you can contact us by any method
                                described in the Contact Us section below. We may not be able to modify or delete your
                                information in all circumstances.
Push Notifications.
We may occasionally send you push notifications
                                through our mobile applications with game updates, high scores and other notices that
                                may be of interest to you. You may at any time opt-out from receiving these types of
                                communications by changing the settings on your mobile device.
Online Advertising.
If you prefer that your personal data is not
                                processed to receive interest-based ads, you can submit an opt-out request by contacting
                                us via info@pinegames.com. You should note that if you opt-out of receiving
                                interest-based or targeted advertising, you will still see advertising, and you may see
                                advertising for Pine Games products and Services, but that advertising will not be
                                targeted using your personal data.
Opting out of interest-based advertising at a device level: You can choose to prevent your
                        device's ad identifier from being used for interest-based advertising, or you can reset your
                        device's ad identifier by changing your device's settings. Settings vary from device to device,
                        but you will usually find the ad identifier settings under "privacy" or "ads" in your device's
                        settings.
Opting out of Facebook advertising: To update your advertising preferences with Facebook, you
                        will need to log in to your account on Facebook and update your settings there. You could
                        disconnect your Facebook or other social network account from our games.
Cookies.
Please see the International Transfer section of this Privacy Policy
                            for the detailed information on how you can control your cookie settings.
YOUR RIGHTS
Being a user of our Services, you may have certain rights in connection with your personal
                            data and how we handle it. In some circumstances, if the exercise of these rights limits our
                            ability to process personal data (such as in the case of a deletion request), we may no
                            longer be able to provide you with our products and services or engage with you in the same
                            manner. You may be able to exercise these rights by contacting us at info@pinegames.com.
You may also be a user in the EU and may have rights under the EU General Data Protection
                            Data Privacy Regulation, or a user in Virginia and may have rights under Virginia Consumer
                            Data Protection Act, or a user in Brazil and may have rights under Lei Geral de Proteção de
                            Dados Pessoais, or a user in any other country having local regulations.
Those rights include:
Access to personal data:
You have the right to access your personal
                                data that Pine Games uses.
Correction or deletion of personal data:
You have the right to ask Pine
                                Games to correct or complete your personal data if it is wrong or incomplete. You may
                                also have the right to ask Pine Games to delete your personal data when certain
                                conditions apply.
Account deactivation:
Should you wish to deactivate your account
                                completely, you can disassociate your Facebook account from our mobile games and delete
                                our games from your mobile devices. Please note that if you completely deactivate your
                                account, all your progress in our games and any unspent virtual items will be lost, and
                                we may not be able to restore them in the future.
Restriction on processing personal data:
You may have the right to ask
                                Pine Games to restrict the use of your personal data when certain conditions apply.
Portability of personal data:
You may have the right to receive your
                                personal data in a structured and commonly used format so you can use this data with
                                another company when certain conditions apply.
Right to opt out of:
Targeted advertising: You may have the right to direct us not to process your
                                        personal data to provide targeted advertising.
Certain types of profiling: You may have the right to direct us not to process
                                        your personal data for certain types of profiling activities.
Right to non-discrimination.
You may have the right not to receive
                                discriminatory treatment for exercising these rights. However, please note that if the
                                exercise of these rights limits our ability to process personal data (such as in the
                                case of a deletion request), we may no longer be able to provide you with our products
                                and services or engage with you in the same manner.
Right to appeal.
If we decline to take action on a request exercising one
                            of your rights set forth above, you may have the right to appeal our decision.
Right to Withdraw Consent.
There are certain circumstances where we require
                            your consent to process your personal data. In these instances, and if you have provided
                            consent, you may have the right to withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, this
                            will not affect the lawfulness of our use of your personal data before your withdrawal.
We may need to verify your identity and confirm that you are a California resident in certain
                        circumstances. In order to verify your identity, we will generally either require the successful
                        authentication of your account or the matching of sufficient information you provide us to the
                        information we maintain about you in our systems. This process may require us to request
                        additional personal data from you, including, but not limited to, your email address, phone
                        number, and/or date of the last transaction on our Services.
In certain circumstances, we may decline a request to exercise the rights described above,
                        particularly where we cannot verify your identity or locate your information in our systems. If
                        we cannot comply with all or a portion of your request, we will explain the reasons for
                        declining to comply with the request.
European, UK and Swiss Residents: You also have the right to lodge a complaint to your local
                        data protection authority. If you are based in the European Union, information about how to
                        contact your local data protection authority is available here. If you are based in the UK or
                        Switzerland, your local data protection authorities are the UK Information Commissioner's Office
                        (https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/) and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information
                        Commissioner (https://www.edoeb.admin.ch/edoeb/en/home/the-fdpic/contact/address.html).
California Residents: You have the right to know whether your personal data is sold or shared
                        and the right to opt-out of the sale or sharing of your personal information by us for targeted
                        advertising purposes.
Authorized Agents: In certain circumstances, you are permitted to use an authorized agent (as
                        that term is defined by the CCPA) to submit requests on your behalf through the designated
                        methods set forth in this CA Notice, where we can verify the authorized agent's authority to act
                        on your behalf.
For requests to know, delete, or correct personal data, we require the following for
                        verification purposes:
a power of attorney valid under the laws of California from you or your authorized
                                agent; or
sufficient evidence to show that you have:
provided the authorized agent signed permission to act on your behalf; and
verified your identity directly with us pursuant to the instructions set forth
                                        in this CA Notice; or directly confirmed with us that you provided the
                                        authorized agent permission to submit the request on your behalf.
Virginia Resident: You have the right to know whether your personal data is sold or shared and
                        the right to opt-out of the sale or sharing of your personal information by us for targeted
                        advertising purposes.
CHILDREN
We do not intend to or knowingly collect personal data from children. We use the term
                            "children" to refer to someone who is (a) under 13 years old or, if older (b) between 13 and
                            17 years old but under the age at which they can give valid consent to the processing of
                            their personal data under applicable local or regional laws.
In general, we do not intentionally or knowingly collect any personal data from children. If
                            a child under the age of 13 has provided personal data to us, we encourage the child's
                            parent or guardian to contact us to request that we remove the personal data from our
                            systems. If you believe that we might have any information from or about children, please
                            Contact Us.
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFER
All personal data collected or stored by Pine Games may be stored anywhere in the world,
                            including, but not limited to, the Republic of Turkey, the United States, and the European
                            Union. When we transfer your personal data internationally, we will take reasonable steps to
                            ensure that it is treated securely, lawfully, and in the manner, we describe here. Please
                            note that laws vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, so the privacy laws applicable to the
                            places where your personal is transferred to or stored, used or processed may be different
                            from the privacy laws applicable to the place where you are resident and may not provide the
                            same level of protection for personal data as the country from which it was transferred.
We may transfer personal data about you outside of Europe. When we do so, we rely on
                            appropriate or suitable safeguards recognized under applicable law, including adequacy
                            decisions and standard contractual clauses.
If you are using our Services from the European Union or other regions with laws governing
                            data collection and use, please note that by providing your personal data to us, you consent
                            to process your personal data in the above-mentioned locations.
By choosing to visit the Services or otherwise provide information to us, you agree that any
                            dispute over privacy or the terms contained in this Privacy Policy will be governed by the
                            laws of the Republic of Turkey and the adjudication of any disputes arising in connection
                            with our Services will be in accordance with the terms of Pine Games Terms of Service.
SECURITY
The personal data you provide to Pine Games is stored on servers located in secured
                            facilities and protected by protocols and procedures such as firewalls and data encryption
                            designed to ensure industry-standard security of such data. However, no server, computer or
                            communications network or system, or data transmission over the internet can be guaranteed
                            to be 100% secure. As a result, while Pine Games strives to protect your personal data, Pine
                            Games cannot ensure or warrant the security of any personal data you transmit to Pine Games
                            or through the Services.
By using the Services or providing personal data to us, you agree that we may communicate
                            with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues related to
                            your use of the Services. If we learn of a security system breach, we may attempt to notify
                            you electronically by posting a notice on the Services or sending an email to you.
LEGAL BASES (FOR EEA, SWISS AND UK USERS)
If you are an individual in the European Economic Area (EEA), Switzerland or the United
                            Kingdom, we collect and process personal data about you only where we have legal bases for
                            doing so under applicable EU, Swiss or UK laws. The legal bases which we rely upon are the
                            following:
Contractual Necessity. This covers data used by us in order to provide you with
                                Services that you have requested - and that we have agreed - to provide to you, such as
                                our games, customer services, chat functionality and third-party social network
                                connectivity;
Legal Obligation. This covers data used by us to comply with a legal obligation, such
                                as to maintain records relating to tax or to respond to a valid legal request for
                                certain data;
Legitimate Interests. This covers data used by us for purposes that are not harmful to
                                your privacy and can be reasonably expected within the context of your use of our
                                Services, such as marketing, advertising, analytics, research and optimization of our
                                games and other Services; and
Consent. This is used as a legal basis in the following contexts: the collection of
                                data stored on your device by our advertising partners and us, including device
                                information, ad identifiers, IP address, country and region. You consent to this
                                collection when you agree to install our game and can withdraw your consent by
                                uninstalling our games.
In this Privacy Policy, we have explained how you can opt-out of certain types of processing
                        that we undertake. Where any processing is based on your consent, you can withdraw that consent
                        at any time in the ways described in this Privacy Policy. Nonetheless, if you use our Services,
                        we will still collect some personal data about you and process it as otherwise described in this
                        Privacy Policy. If you do not wish us to collect any personal data about you at all, you should
                        cease using our Services.
THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
Our Services may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Except
                            where we post, link to or expressly adopt or refer to this Privacy Policy, this Privacy
                            Policy does not apply to, and we are not responsible for, any personal data practices of
                            third-party websites and online services or the practices of other third parties. To learn
                            about the personal data practices of third parties, please visit their respective Privacy
                            Policies.
DATA RETENTION
We retain your data for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you with
                            the Services.
Note that if you ask us to remove your personal data, we will retain your data as necessary
                            for our legitimate business interests, such as to comply with our legal obligations, resolve
                            disputes, and enforce our agreements.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time, and we will post the updated Privacy
                            Policy on this page. When we make changes to this Privacy Policy, we will change the date at
                            the beginning of this Privacy Policy. If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy, we
                            will notify individuals by email to their registered email address, by prominent posting on
                            our Services, or through other appropriate communication channels. Any new policy will be
                            effective from the date it is published by us.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.pinegames.com/applicant-privacy-notice:
ABOUT US
CAREERS
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Applicant Privacy Notice
Pine Games Teknoloji Anonim Şirketi
Kişisel Verilerin İşlenmesine İlişkin
Çalışan Adayı Aydınlatma Metni
6698 sayılı Kişisel Verilerin Korunması Kanunu (“Kanun”) uyarınca, kişisel verileriniz;
                             veri sorumlusu olarak Pine Games Teknoloji Anonim Şirketi (“Şirket”)
                              tarafından aşağıda açıklanan kapsamda işlenebilecektir.
Bir sözleşmenin kurulması veya ifasıyla doğrudan doğruya ilgili olması kaydıyla, sözleşmenin taraflarına ait kişisel verilerin işlenmesinin gerekli olması hukuki sebebine dayalı olarak;
6698 sayılı Kişisel Verilerin Korunması Kanunu (“Kanun”) uyarınca, kişisel verileriniz;
                             veri sorumlusu olarak Pine Games Teknoloji Anonim Şirketi (“Şirket”)
                              tarafından aşağıda açıklanan kapsamda işlenebilecektir.
Şirketimize yapmış olduğunuz iş başvurusunun alınması, talebinizin ve ilgili pozisyona uygunluğunuzun değerlendirilmesi ve sonuçlandırılması kapsamında gerekli süreçlerin yürütülmesi amacıyla kimlik, iletişim ve mesleki deneyim verileriniz.
Kanunlarca açıkça öngörülmesi ve veri sorumlusunun hukuki yükümlülüğünü yerine getirebilmesi için zorunlu olması hukuki sebebine dayalı olarak;
Resmi kurum taleplerinin yerine getirilmesi amacıyla kimlik, iletişim ve mesleki deneyim verileriniz,
Yetkili kuruluşlara mevzuattan kaynaklı bilgi verilmesi amacıyla kimlik, iletişim ve mesleki deneyim verileriniz,
Mevzuatta öngörülen saklama yükümlülüklerine uygunluğun sağlanması amacıyla kimlik, iletişim ve mesleki deneyim verileriniz,
İlgili kişi başvurularının mevzuata uygun olarak yanıtlanması ve gerekli işlemlerin gerçekleştirilmesi amacıyla kimlik, iletişim ve mesleki deneyim verileriniz.
İlgili kişinin temel hak ve özgürlüklerine zarar vermemek kaydıyla, veri sorumlusunun meşru menfaatleri için veri işlenmesinin zorunlu olması hukuki sebebine dayalı olarak;
Şirketimize yapmış olduğunuz iş başvurunuzun alınması, talebinizin ve ilgili pozisyona uygunluğunuzun değerlendirilmesi 
                                ve sonuçlandırılması kapsamında gerekli süreçlerin yürütülmesi amacıyla kimlik, iletişim ve mesleki deneyim verileriniz,
Şirketimiz insan kaynakları politikaları çerçevesinde işe alım süreçlerinin yürütülmesi amacıyla kimlik, iletişim ve mesleki deneyim verileriniz işlenebilecektir.
Açık rızanızın varlığı halinde;
Ceza mahkumiyeti ve güvenlik tedbirlerine ilişkin verilerinizin ve engellilik bilgileriniz 
                            dolayısıyla sağlık verilerinizin Şirketimize yapmış olduğunuz iş başvurunuzun alınması, talebinizin 
                            ve ilgili pozisyona uygunluğunuzun değerlendirilmesi ve sonuçlandırılması kapsamında gerekli süreçlerin yürütülmesi amacıyla işlenmesi.
İşlenen Kişisel Verilerin Kimlere ve Hangi Amaçla Aktarılabileceği
Toplanan kişisel verileriniz; yukarıda belirtilen Amaçlar’ın yerine getirilmesi kapsamında; meşru menfaatimiz kapsamında iş ortaklarımıza ve hizmet aldığımız tedarikçilerimize, kanunlarda açıkça öngörülmesi ve hukuki yükümlülüklerimizin yerine getirilmesi kapsamında kanunen yetkili kamu kurumları ve kanunen yetkili özel kişilere, açık rızanızın bulunması halinde kimlik, iletişim ve mesleki deneyim verileriniz Şirketimize yapmış olduğunuz iş başvurunuzun alınması, talebinizin ve ilgili pozisyona uygunluğunuzun değerlendirilmesi ve sonuçlandırılması kapsamında gerekli süreçlerin yürütülmesi amacıyla yurt dışında mukim hissedarımız Pine Games Inc. ve yurt dışında mukim Lever, Inc. şirketine, Kanun’un 5. maddesinde düzenlenen veri işleme şartları kapsamında Kanun’un 8. ve 9. maddelerinde belirtilen kişisel verilerin aktarılmasına ilişkin kurallara uygun olarak aktarılabilecektir.
Kişisel Veri Toplamanın Yöntemi
Kişisel verileriniz, Şirketimiz tarafından yukarıda yer verilen Amaçlar’ın yerine getirilmesi kapsamında fiziki
                             ortamda gerçekleştirilecek olan mülakatlar ve matbu formlar ve elektronik ortamda e-posta, telefon, Şirket içi 
                             sistemler ve kariyer portalları vasıtasıyla toplanmaktadır.
İlgili Kişinin Kanun’un 11. Maddesinde Sayılan Hakları
Kişisel verileriniz ile ilgili olarak Kanun’un 11. maddesi uyarınca aşağıdaki haklara sahip olduğunuzu bildiririz:
Kişisel verileriniz ile ilgili olarak Kanun’un 11. maddesi uyarınca aşağıdaki haklara sahip olduğunuzu bildiririz:
Kişisel verileriniz işlenmişse buna ilişkin bilgi talep etme,
Kişisel verilerinizin işlenme amacını ve bunların amacına uygun kullanılıp kullanılmadığını öğrenme,
Yurt içinde veya yurt dışında kişisel verilerinizin aktarıldığı üçüncü kişileri bilme,
Kişisel verilerinizin eksik veya yanlış işlenmiş olması hâlinde bunların düzeltilmesini isteme ve bu kapsamda yapılan işlemin kişisel verilerinizin aktarıldığı üçüncü kişilere bildirilmesini isteme,
Kanun ve ilgili diğer kanun hükümlerine uygun olarak işlenmiş olmasına rağmen, işlenmesini gerektiren sebeplerin ortadan kalkması hâlinde kişisel verilerinizin silinmesini veya yok edilmesini isteme ve bu kapsamda yapılan işlemin kişisel verilerinizin aktarıldığı üçüncü kişilere bildirilmesini isteme,
İşlenen verilerin münhasıran otomatik sistemler vasıtasıyla analiz edilmesi suretiyle aleyhinize bir sonucun ortaya çıkmasına itiraz etme,
Kişisel verilerinizin kanuna aykırı olarak işlenmesi sebebiyle zarara uğramanız hâlinde zararın giderilmesini talep etme.
Yukarıda yer alan haklarınıza yönelik taleplerinizi, internet sitemizde yer alan
başvuru formunu
doldurup yazılı olarak 
                            formda belirtilen adrese elden teslimat, posta veya kargo ya da noter kanalıyla, güvenli elektronik imza ve mobil imza ile kayıtlı 
                            elektronik posta (KEP) adresimize veya tarafımıza daha önce bildirdiğiniz ve sistemimizde kayıtlı olan elektronik posta adresiniz üzerinden 
                            info@pinegames.com e-posta iletilmesi aracılılığıyla başvurmak suretiyle Şirketimize iletebilirsiniz. Şirketimize yöneltmiş olduğunuz talepler,
                             talebin niteliğine göre en kısa sürede ve en geç otuz gün içinde ücretsiz olarak sonuçlandırılacaktır. Ancak işlemin ayrıca bir maliyet gerektirmesi 
                             halinde Kişisel Verileri Koruma Kurulunca belirlenen tarifedeki ücret alınabilecektir.