Privacy Policy
Effective Date: July 6, 2023
Max Apps("us", "we", or "our") operates the mobile applications and websites (the "Service").
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.
By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
1. Information Collection and Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
1.1. Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Email address
First name and last name
Phone number
Address, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, City
Cookies and Usage Data
1.2. Usage Data
When you access the Service by or through a mobile device, we may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile internet browser you use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data ("Usage Data").
2. Use of Data
We use the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain our Service
To notify you about changes to our Service
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
To provide customer support
To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service
To monitor the usage of our Service
To detect, prevent, and address technical issues
3. Disclosure of Data
We may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
Comply with a legal obligation
Protect and defend our rights or property
Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
Protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
Protect against legal liability
4. Security of Data
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
5. Links to Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
6. Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
7. Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us by email:
support@maxapps.dev
‍