Dynamsoft Privacy Policy
Last Updated on 03/05/2020
This Privacy Policy describes how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you visit or make a purchase from www.dynamsoft.com (the "Site").
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
When you visit the Site, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device. Additionally, as you browse the Site, we may collect information about the individual web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the Site, and information about how you interact with the Site. We refer to this automatically-collected information as "Device Information."
We collect Device Information using the following technologies:
"Cookies" are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier. For more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
"Log files" track actions occurring on the Site, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps.
Additionally, when you request a demo or evaluation, contact our support, sign up for our newsletter, or sign up for and attend events or seminars through the Site. We collect certain information from you, such as your name, email address, and phone number. We refer to this information as "User Information."
When you make a purchase or attempt to make a purchase through the Site, we collect certain information such as your name, billing address, email address, and phone number. We refer to this information as "Order Information." Please note we will not store your credit card numbers.
When we talk about "Personal Information" in this Privacy Policy, we are talking about Device Information, User Information, and Order Information.
When using the Site, you may also voluntarily upload certain content ("User Generated Content") for use with Dynamsoft's online demo services for document processing or barcode scanning. In the event that the User Generated Content includes any personal data, this data will not be used or disclosed by Dynamsoft. We do not use any personally identifiable information that may be contained in the User Generated Content to target products, services or marketing to you.
HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We use the Order Information that we collect generally to fulfill any orders placed through the Site (including processing your payment information, arranging for shipping, and providing you with invoices and/or order confirmations). Additionally, we use this Order Information to:
Communicate with you;
Screen our orders for potential risk or fraud; and
When in line with the preferences you have shared with us, provide you with information or advertising relating to our products or services.
We use the User Information that we collect generally to fulfill any requests placed through the Site (including providing you with free trial, sample application etc.). Additionally, we use this User Information to:
Communicate with you; and
When in line with the preferences you have shared with us, provide you with information or advertising relating to our products or services.
We use the Device Information that we collect to help us screen for potential risk and fraud (in particular, your IP address), and more generally to improve and optimize our Site (for example, by generating analytics about how our customers browse and interact with the Site, and to assess the success of our marketing and advertising campaigns).
SHARING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We share your Personal Information with third parties to help us use your Personal Information, as described above. For example, we use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use the Site--you can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/. You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Finally, we may also share your Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights.
DO NOT TRACK
Please note that we do not alter our Site's data collection and use practices when we see a Do Not Track signal from your browser.
YOUR RIGHTS
If you are a European resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact information below.
Additionally, if you are a European resident we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you (for example if you make an order through the Site), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above.
DATA RETENTION
We will retain your Personal Information for as long as we deem it necessary to provide our services to you, to comply with applicable laws, resolve disputes with any parties and otherwise as necessary to allow us to conduct our business, including to detect and prevent fraud or other illegal activities unless you express an explicit preference to opt-out.
CHANGES
We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.
CONTACT US
For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by e-mail at
privacy@dynamsoft.com
or by mail using the details provided below:
Dynamsoft Corporation
#668 - 1771 Robson Street
Vancouver, BC
V6G 1C9, Canada