Privacy & Policy
Get link
Facebook
X
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
Mohit Bodar built the
BlackHole
app as a Free app. This SERVICE is provided by Mohit Bodar at no cost and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.
If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which are accessible at BlackHole unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, I may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to we are not collecting any users data.. The information that I request will be retained on your device and is not collected by me in any way.
The app does use third-party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to the privacy policy of third-party service providers used by the app
Google Play Services
AdMob
Google Analytics for Firebase
Firebase Crashlytics
Log Data
I want to inform you that whenever you use my Service, in a case of an error in the app I collect data and information (through third-party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing my Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third-party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
Service Providers
I may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
I want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to their Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
I value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 years of age. In the case I discover that a child under 13 has provided me with personal information, I immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact me so that I will be able to do the necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
This policy is effective as of 2024-01-1
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at mohitbodar7878@gmail.com
Get link
Facebook
X
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
Comments
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.blogger.com/profile/01664518147290725792:
Privacy policy
On Blogger since
February 2024
Profile views
-
371
Report Abuse
My blogs
Bus GPS Navigator
Learn to Draw - Drawing
Remote Controller For TV
AI Security Storage Privacy
Text Repeater: Repeat Text
Great Novel
Instant Stress Relief Exercise
Daily Yoga Video Tutorials
QR Generator Scanner & Create
Water Intraker
Intermittent Fasting Tracker
AI Privacy Shield - AdBlock
GreatNovel
Private vault for Photo video
Text to Audio Converter 2024
Tarctor GPS - 2
Snaptube Videos
AR Ruler App: Tape Measure Cam
Novel Heaven
75 Hard
Puff Count
Meditation Exercise
Tractor Field Guidance
Reminder for Task & Habit
Receipt Scanner
Shorts Drama
Cyber Security App
Tik Repost
BlackHole
Privacy Keeper Shield
Scan to PDF - Document Scanner
Secure Notes & Writing
Clean Space & Manage Files
Learn Piano - Real Keyboard
AiRead Fiction Stories
Invoice maker
Smart Mobile Printer Pro
PregCare
Tractor GPS Guidance
AI Super Clean Master
GPS Tracks
Multiple Accounts
Golf GPS
Weather Forecast
Battery Saver
Map Explorer Navigator
Womens Workout Course
Motorcycle GPS
Bicycle Tracker & GPS
Credit Card Wallet NFC
Street View
Learn Guitar
Pinsaver
Focus for Productivity Work
AI Passport
GPS Route Planner
Tractor Navigation
Audio to Text Transcribe
Truck gps
GPS Route Planner
Internet Security
95 Hard
Horror Novels
Ai Note Taker
Novelheart
Truck GPS Navigation
Great Comics
Loan EMI Calculator
Truck GPS Navigation
Remove ads
InMark IG Reels Stories Posts
All Area Measurement 2024
Custom Fonts Style
BlackHole Save & Collect
Whats Web Scan Dual Messenger
Farm Sprayer
GoldenShield: Private Space
Privacy Keeper & Mobile Safety
BlackHole Instant
Speedometer
IG Repost & Post Vault
About me
Main menu
Google apps