Privacy Policy for Stand App Studio Service by FourM, Inc. has loaded
Privacy Policy for Stand App Studio Service by FourM, Inc.
Effective Date: March 1st, 2024
The purpose of this Privacy Policy (hereinafter referred to as “Policy") is to explain how certain personal information data of our customers is collected and handled by us (FourM, Inc) when customers or users （hereinafter referred to as “customers"）install 「Stand App Studio」game application (hereinafter referred to as “Application”) operated by us and utilize「 Stand App Studio」 service (hereinafter referred to as “Game Service”).
1. Agreement to the Terms of Use and Policies of the Application
When you install Application, you are required to review Policy in advance and agree to the collection and handling of personal data as set forth in Policy. By installing Application, you are considered to have agreed to Policy. If you do not agree to Policy, do not install or use Application.
*Individuals under the age of 16 are prohibited from using Application and Game Service.
2. Scope of Personal Information Covered by this Policy
The scope of Policy is limited to personal information collected by through your use of Application and Game Service.
2.1 Information and data we collect from you
When you use Application and Game Service, we collect and handle the following types of personal data and information according to the following purposes (Article 5.) of use.
(1) Data automatically collected from Application
Your device type and model, manufacturer, operating system platform and version, general location information (region, country, city, etc.), application version, start and end of ad viewing, game play status (stage start, progress, end, and operation information).
IP address and advertising ID (IDFA for Apple devices, AAID for Android devices)
(2) Data obtained from advertising partners
We may obtain your personal information from third-party advertising partners, depending on the permission you give to our partners.
(3) Information you provide when contacting us
Your name, email address and other contact information, and other information necessary for support
(4) Collection of special categories of personal data
We do not intentionally collect the following special categories of personal information when providing Application or Game Service.
Personal data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, or trade union membership
Genetic data and biometric data to uniquely identify a natural person
Data on health
Data on sex life and sexual orientation of natural persons
Personal data regarding criminal convictions and offenses
2.2 If Application contains links to external sites operated by third parties, clicking on such links will take you to those sites. You are solely responsible for deciding whether or not to access such sites. This policy does not apply to the content of such external site or service. We are not responsible for the privacy policies of such external sites, and you should contact the actual operators of such external sites.
3. Data Retention Period
We will retain your information for the period necessary to provide Game Service unless required by law or unless we receive a request from you to delete your information.
We will retain and use your information for the period necessary to comply with legal obligations.
4. Underage Personal Information Protection Policy
Application and Game Service are not intended for, and are not available to, users under the age of 16.
However, if a person under the age of 16 falsely declares to be 16 or older when submitting personal information, we are unable to determine that fact. We do not intentionally collect personal information from persons under the age of 16.
5. Purpose for Use of Personal Information
5.1 To provide and improve the Game Service.
We use your personal information to provide Game Service, for application development, delivery, and service quality improvement.
We collect, record and utilize your information such as gameplay and progress and use the relevant information to appropriately provide Game Service.
We use and analyze your information to improve game stability, correct game glitches and develop new services to provide you with a better experience.
We also use your information to send notifications regarding updates, customer support, and administrative communications of Application.
5.2 Security management
We use your information to ensure the security and to enhance safety of our services.
We use your information to protect the security of Game Service and your personal information, to monitor suspicious or unexpected use, to maintain the security and stability of Game Service, and to send you notifications such as security alerts.
We may also use your information to prevent fraudulent advertising campaigns.
5.3 Customer support service
Your personal information will be used to respond to your inquiries and for other customer support and customer service improvement purposes.
5.4 Promotion and advertising
We may use your information to display advertisements for Game Service on platforms and other media operated by other companies as well as to display third-party advertisements in our games. While you are playing our games, we may display advertisements for our other games.
Your personal information is used to understand your preferences and to display better advertisements.
We use your personal data to contact you about promotions, event information, and other news regarding services offered by us or our partners.
5.5 Compliance with Legal Obligations
We will use your information to comply with legal obligations or in response to requests for disclosure by courts, government agency, and other authorities.
6. Legal Basis for this Policy
We collect and use personal data of users who are subject to GDPR or equivalent on the following legal basis:
(1) Customer consent
You consent to the use of your personal data and information for the specific purposes set forth in Policy.
(2) Performance of contractual obligations
You acknowledge that we need to use your information to fulfill your contractual obligations (to provide you with Game Service you request, to improve our services, and to provide customer support).
This applies to information displayed in applications personalized to your preferences, as well as sharing of information with advertising partners for that purpose. You may withdraw your consent at any time.
(3) Legal Obligations
We will collect and process your personal data where necessary to comply with our legal obligations.
(4) Legitimate interests
If (1) or (2) or (3) does not apply, we may use your personal data for the specific purposes outlined in Policy, our legitimate interests, or the legitimate interests pursued by third parties.
We use your personal information for purposes such as preventing fraud, conducting analysis and tracking, providing notification for free or low-cost services, advertising, improving our services, and other purposes beneficial to you.
7. Information sharing and related obligations
We may share your information with our partners for the purposes described above.
Each partner's privacy policy is described in the “Partner List".
We may disclose your personal data to the following without notifying you, except as required by law. We may also receive your personal data from our advertising partners.
(1) When required by law, legal process, litigation, and disclosure is requested by public or governmental authorities within or outside your country of residence.
(2) We may disclose your personal information to public authorities if we determine that disclosure is necessary to protect our legal rights, the rights of our customers and partners, and to object to them, and to exercise our legal rights in accordance with the relevant laws.
(3) Partner List
The Partner List set forth in this Article is as follows.
•	Google : https://policies.google.com/privacy
•	Firebase : https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy
•	Unity : https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
•	Facebook : https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
•	Adjust :https://www.adjust.com/ja/terms/privacy-policy/
•	AppLovin : https://www.applovin.com/privacy
•	TapJoy : https://www.tapjoy.com/legal/#privacy-policy
•	ironSource : https://developers.ironsrc.com/ironsource-mobile/air/ironsource-mobile-privacy-policy
•	Vungle : https://vungle.com/privacy/
•	Fyber : https://www.fyber.com/privacy-policy/
•	Mintegral : https://static.mintegral.com/document/privacy
•	Smaato : https://www.smaato.com/privacy/ https://www.smaato.com/partner-list/
•	InMobi : https://www.inmobi.com/privacy-policy/ https://www.inmobi.com/privacy-policy-for-eea/
•	ByteDance : https://job.bytedance.com/en/legal/privacy
•	Pangle : https://ad.oceanengine.com/union/media/privacy
•	MoPub : https://www.mopub.com/legal/privacy
•	AdColony : https://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/
•	Tiktok : https://www.tiktok.com/legal/privacy-policy
8. Users' rights under GDPR or equivalent laws and regulations
8.1 If you fall under the provision of GDPR or equivalent provisions, you have the following rights with respect to the processing of your personal data. To exercise any of the following rights, you can send a request to the contact listed under "Contact".
We may ask you to provide certain information in order to identify and correct your data.
(1) Right to withdraw consent
You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time in accordance with Article 7(3) of the GDPR. If you wish to withdraw your consent, please contact the contact person set forth in Policy. This withdrawal of consent will not affect the legality of the treatment based on the consent before its withdrawal. If you withdraw your consent, you may not continue to use Application or Game Service.
(2) Rights of access and modification
You have the right under Article 15 of the GDPR to confirm whether your personal data is being processed and, if so, to access your personal data. Additionally, under Article 16 of the GDPR, you have the right to obtain the rectification of any inaccurate personal data concerning you without undue delay.
(3) Right of elimination and right of restriction on processing
Pursuant to Article 17 of the GDPR, you have the right to obtain from us the erasure of personal data concerning you without undue delay.
You also have the right to restrict the processing of your personal data in accordance with Article 18 of the GDPR.
However, we may deny your request or postpone our response if your personal information is legitimately used to provide our services or for other purposes.
(3) Right to data portability
Pursuant to Article 20 of the GDPR, you have the right to receive the personal data provided to us in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format and to have these data transmitted to another controller without hindrance from us to whom the personal data were provided. You also have the right to have your personal data transmitted directly from us to another company, where technically feasible.
(4) Right of objection
Pursuant to Article 21 of the GDPR, you have the right to object at any time to the processing of personal data concerning you for reasons related to your particular situation. In such cases, we will respond diligently in accordance with the relevant laws and regulations.
(5) Right to file a complaint with the supervisory authority
Pursuant to Article 77 of the GDPR, if you believe that the processing of personal data concerning you is in breach of this regulation without prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedy, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority, particularly in the Member State of your habitual residence, place of work, or place where the breach is suspected.
8.2Transfer of Personal Information
We may transfer and process your personal data from your country or region of residence to Japan and other countries around the world. We may share your information with international organizations as partners. Please note that these countries or jurisdictions may not have the same data protection laws as your country.
9. Secure management of personal information
We strive to protect personal information by implementing appropriate and reasonable levels of information security management measures to prevent the loss, destruction, alteration, damage, leakage, etc. of personal information. When outsourcing the handling of personal information to outside parties, we strongly request that they comply with applicable personal information protection laws and sign a confidentiality agreement to maintain confidentiality.
While we will always use our best efforts to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee or represent that your information is completely protected.
10. Contact for inquiries (contact address)
person in charge (of an area of responsibility, but not necessarily supervision of staff)
Personal Information Protection Manager, FourM Inc.
Contact
FORM Corporation
Address: 31st floor, Roppongi Hills Mori Tower, 6-10-1 Roppongi, Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan
Email: privacy@anymindgroup.com, dpo@anymindgroup.com
11. Changes to the Privacy Policy
We may update this Privacy Policy periodically to reflect changes in laws and regulations or to enhance our services.
資料ダウンロード
運用情報のノウハウを紹介した資料、
最新の媒体情報などWEB広告に役立つ資料をダウンロード。
ダウンロードする
ご相談・お問合せ
サービスやプロダクトに関するご質問、
ご相談はフォームからお問い合わせください。
2・3営業日後、担当者よりご返信を差し上げます。
問い合わせる
0 0
0 0