Become a Morning Person
Product
Blog
About
Download Now
Privacy Policy
SunSeek Privacy Policy
1. Introduction
The Wellness Company, Inc. ("The Wellness Company", "we", "our", "us") respects and values the privacy of all its customers and users of its SunSeek product ("Product", "Service"). This Privacy Policy explains the type of personal information we collect and how we use, disclose, and protect that information. This policy applies to your use of our Product, SunSeek.
By using SunSeek, you consent to the collection and use of your personal information as outlined in this Privacy Policy.
2. What Information We Collect
When you use SunSeek, we may collect the following types of information:
Information you provide to us: This may include your name, email address, phone number, and other information you provide when you register, purchase or interact with our Service.
Usage data:
We collect information about how you use our Service, such as the features you use, the time, frequency, and duration of your activities.
Location data
: We do not collect or share your location data. All data is stored locally on your device.
3. How We Use Your Information
We use the information we collect to:
Provide, maintain and improve our Service.
Process transactions and send you related information, including confirmations and receipts.
Communicate with you about products, services, offers, promotions, and events, and provide other news and information we think will be of interest to you.
Monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities in connection with our Service.
Detect, investigate, and prevent fraudulent transactions and other illegal activities and protect the rights and property of GoGrateful and others.
4. Your Rights and Choices
You have certain rights regarding the personal information we hold about you. These may include the right to access, correct, delete, restrict or object to our use of your personal information.
5. Data Retention
We retain your personal information for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy, unless a longer period is required under applicable law or is needed to resolve disputes or protect our legal rights.
6. Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of the policy and, in some cases, we may provide you with additional notice.
7. How to Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at support@sunseek.app.
Last Updated: November 7, 2024
© 2024 The Wellness Company, Inc. All rights reserved.
© 2025
The Wellness Company
Privacy
Terms & Conditions
Become A Morning Person
Morning Light Huberman
Afternoon Light
Vitamin D
Evening Light
Blog
About
Product
Diagrams
Resources