Privacy Policy
Introduction
Vigorous Glory makes addictive and exciting games for people of all ages. We at Vigorous Glory believe that privacy invasion is one of the main concerns of using Android apps and games. Thus we take great measures to respect and protect our users’ privacy. We believe that users have the right to know the personal information that is being collected by us. To make you feel comfortable using our apps, we assure you that we collect the information very carefully and there is no chance that your personal information might be misused or get into wrong hands. In this policy, we shall tell you about the kind of information we collect from our users.
Consent
We would like to make it clear that by downloading, installing and using our games, you agree to the terms of this privacy policy and you also agree with the collection of the information mentioned in this document. You can always choose to not give this consent by deciding to not use our mobile games. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not use this service.
Collection and use of data
Here are two types of information and data we may collect for you.
Non Personal Information
For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “non-personal data” means information that does not directly identify you. Additionally, non-personal data means “aggregate” and “de-personalized” information, which is data Vigorous Glory collects about the use of Vigorous Glory Services, from which any personally identifiable data has been removed.
Personal Information
All of the above information is gathered by user’s consent, which is obtained by the acceptance of the privacy policy. Purpose of this collection of information is to enhance user experience, provide users with customized content (ads and applications), allow user to use certain functionalities in the game (in app purchases) and make possible the availability of ‘sign in with Facebook’ feature. Parents of users under the age of 16: If you wish to have access to your child’s personal data to view, correct, or delete the information that we have collected about your child, please send a written request to Vigorous Glory detailing your request along with a copy of your passport (to prevent misuse of requests for information), or send an email. If you choose to use Vigorous Glory’s "tell a friend" or a similar service about Vigorous Glory Services or order a gift certificate for your friend, Vigorous Glory may store your friend's name and contact details that you provide to Vigorous Glory.
Child Protection
A child under 13 can only play our games only with consent from the guardian. You should uninstall and erase our games if you or your legal guardian disagree with our privacy policy. Parents and guardians of kids under 13 have certain rights according to Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA, http://www.coppa.org/coppa.htm) and we respect all these rights. We do not knowingly and directly collect and store any personal information from a child under the age of 13, and we hereby specifically prohibit children from giving us any personal information.
Cookies and Local Data
Cookies are small pieces of information stored on your device which enable applications to enable certain features. E.g. User preferences like muted sound of the game shall be stored locally on your device, frequency capping to make sure that if we decide to promote an app, we do not run the ad of the same game over and over again. We shall store and access such information to enhance your experience. Third party services might use session cookies (which are deleted once you close the app) or persistent cookies (which remain stored until the user clears the cookies). The data stored can be personal or non-personal. Most devices allow you to block and clear cookies. Thus if you have allowed cookies on your device, your local device storage might be used to store and access information.
Sharing of Information
Personal data may be disclosed in accordance with applicable legislation and this Privacy Policy. Additionally, Vigorous Glory may disclose personal data to its parent companies and its subsidiaries in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Non-Personal Information may be used by us for administrative, analytical, statistical, compilation, research, optimization, security and other purposes. Specifically, we may use your Non-Personal Information to respond to Customer Service Inquiries and to protect against cheating, crime, fraud or for other security reasons and for providing you advertising that better suits your interests. We may collect your Non-Personal information to track your use of our Websites/Apps to help us learn more about your gaming activities, understand your preferences and tendencies so that we can personalize your experience. This may help us to provide you with in-game offers and notifications that are tailored to you, and otherwise enhance your gaming experience.
Vigorous Glory may disclose your personal data to third parties as required by law enforcement or other government officials in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringements, or other activity that is illegal or may expose you to legal liability. We may also disclose your personal data to third parties when we has a reason to believe that a disclosure is necessary to address potential or actual injury or interference with our rights, property, operations, users or others who may be harmed or may suffer loss or damage, or we believe that such disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, combat fraud and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on us.
We may use information held about you to verify your compliance with any terms and conditions that may apply to the use of our software, applications and/or services. We will not share your personal information with such third parties without your consent. In case of a merger, acquisition or sale of the company, the change in ownership and usage of information shall be notified through our website.
Advertising
Please note that your access to and use of the Services may be subject to certain third party terms and conditions and privacy policies, including but not limited to application stores, map data providers, mobile software platforms, online gaming platforms, social networking services and payment providers. We work together with third party service providers to integrate ads (video interstitials, sticky ads, static interstitials and banners) into our games. These ads shall be displayed in our games. These service providers also track your interaction with the ads and the performance of the ads. This information may be personal and/or non-personal. You recognize and agree that Vigorous Glory is not liable for any such third party terms and conditions and their use of your personal data.
Security
We take significant measures to ensure that our games and user information collected by us remains safe and there is no unauthorized access. Only those persons with a need to process your personal data in connection with the fulfillment of their tasks in accordance with the purposes of this Privacy Policy and for the purposes of performing technical maintenance, have access to your personal data in our possession. Personal data collected by us is stored in secure operating environments that are not available to the public. We have used generally accepted industry standard technologies and internal procedures in this regard. However, there are inherent risks in transmission of information on the internet and electronic storage of information, and we do not guarantee that no unauthorized access will take place.
Feedback
For any questions, comments or suggestions contact us.
vigorous.glory@gmail.com
We shall be glad to hear from you.
Share
Get link
Facebook
X
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
Share
Get link
Facebook
X
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps