Informatica Privacy Policy
Last Updated:
February 6, 2025
Table of Contents
I. About Our Privacy Policy
II. Controllers of Your Personal Data
III. Collection of Information
IV. Use of Information
V. Legal Basis for Processing
VI. Disclosure of Information
VII. Advertising and Analytics Services Provided by Others
VIII. Cross-Border Transfer of Information
IX. Your Rights
X. California Residents
XI. Data Retention
XII. Choices and Means to Control Your Personal Data
Appendix 1: Use of Personal Data
Appendix 2: Informatica Standard Contractual Clauses
I. About Our Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy explains how Informatica collects, uses and discloses your personal data. This Privacy Policy applies to information we collect when you use our websites, mobile applications, social media pages, and other online products and services (collectively, the “Services”) or when you otherwise interact with us, including when you attend events hosted or sponsored by Informatica, contact us for customer support, visit our premises, facilities or offices (collectively, our “Facilities”), or interact with us in the context of other online or offline sales and marketing activities.
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of the policy and, in some cases, we may provide you with additional notice (such as by adding a statement to our website homepages or sending you an email notification) or otherwise seek additional consent in accordance with applicable law. We encourage you to review the Privacy Policy whenever you access the Services to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can manage your privacy.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the information processed by Informatica about its employees or job applicants, which is governed by a separate personnel privacy notice, or to information processed by Informatica on behalf of its customers via the Services, as further described in Informatica’s Data Processing Agreement and Processor Binding Corporate Rules available on our
Legal page
. You can email
privacy@informatica.com
to communicate with Informatica about its information processing on behalf of its customers. A version of this Privacy Policy in French is available at
https://www.informatica.com/fr/privacy-policy.html
. A version of this Privacy Policy is available in Portuguese at
https://www.informatica.com/pt/privacy-policy.html
.
II. Controllers of Your Personal Data
The Informatica entity or entities that determine the purposes and means of the processing of your personal data (“Controller”) depends on your geography. In all geographies, Informatica LLC is a controller. If you are in the European Economic Area, Informatica Ireland EMEA UC and Informatica LLC are co-Controllers. If you are in Brazil, IS INFORMATICA SOFTWARE LTDA and Informatica LLC are co-Controllers.
You can contact these entities and their privacy representatives at the addresses below:
Informatica LLC
Attn: Legal Head of Global Privacy
2100 Seaport Blvd
Redwood City, CA 94063 U.S.A.
Fax: 650-385-5500
privacy@informatica.com
Informatica Ireland EMEA UC
(Fifth Floor)
1 Windmill Lane
SOBO District
Dublin 2, Ireland
Tel: +353 1 400 4900
privacy@informatica.com
IS INFORMATICA SOFTWARE LTDA
Av. Das Nações Unidas, 12901 - 3º.
Andar – Torre Norte - Brooklin Novo
04578-000 - São Paulo, SP
Brazil
Tel.: 0800-878-3060
infalatam@informatica.com
III. Collection of Information
Information You Provide to Us
We collect information you provide directly to us. For example, we collect information when you create an account (including a product user account), participate in interactive features of the Services, fill out a form, participate in a contest, promotion or survey, register for or attend an event or course, make a purchase, request customer support, or otherwise communicate with us. The types of information you may choose to provide include your name, email address, postal address, phone number, gender, information about your company and current position, and marketing preferences.
If some or all of this information is not collected, the main consequences include that we may not be able to deliver you products, services, or support, we may not be able to communicate with you, and we may not be able to respond to your comments and complaints.
Information We Collect Automatically When You Use the Services
When you access or use our Services, we automatically collect some or all of the following information about you:
Log Information
: We log information about your use of the Services, including the type of browser you use, access times, pages viewed, your IP address and the page you visited before navigating to our Services.
Device Information:
We collect information about the computer or mobile device you use to access our Services, including the hardware model, operating system and version, unique device identifiers and mobile network information.
Location Information:
We derive your approximate location based on your IP address. We also collect your precise location each time you access or use one of our mobile applications. We collect this information in accordance with the permission process established by your mobile device operating system. If you want to later opt out of this collection, see
XII. Choices and Means to Control Your Personal Data
, below.
Product Usage Information:
When you use our enterprise products and services on behalf of your organization, we collect information about your device and your use of those products and services, including the device IP address, login credentials, time zone, error messages, product interactions and configurations and other similar usage information.
Information Collected by Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies:
We use various technologies to collect information, including session replays of your navigation within our websites, and this includes sending cookies to your computer or mobile device. For more information about cookies, and how to disable them, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
Inferences:
We draw inferences about you from information we collect, such as your interest in particular products or services based on the pages you visit on our website.
Information We Collect from Other Sources
We also obtain information from other sources and combine that with information we collect about you. Informatica may receive information about you, the company you may work for and your approximate location from data enrichment service providers, advertising and marketing partners, public databases, and social media platforms. Additionally, Informatica receives information about you from other third parties who you have authorized to disclose your information, or who collect information in connection with co-branded offerings.
Information We Collect at Our Facilities
If you visit our Facilities, the video security cameras we use to help protect our employees, visitors, and property may record digital images of you, and we may collect information from you to enable us to identify you for security purposes.
IV. Use of Information
How we use the information we collect depends in part on which Services you use, how you use them, and any preferences you have communicated to us. We use your personal data for the following purposes (for further details, see
Appendix 1: Use of Personal Data
to this Privacy Policy):
To provide the Services:
We use your personal data to provide the Services to you, including processing transactions with you, authenticating you when you log in, delivering the products and services you request, and sending you related information, including confirmations and invoices;
To maintain and improve our Services
: In order to make our Services smarter, more secure, and better integrated, we use information and collective learnings (including feedback) about how you use our Services to troubleshoot, to identify trends, usage, activity patterns, and areas for integration, to improve our Services, and to develop new products, features and technologies that benefit our users. In some cases, we apply these learnings across our Services to improve and develop similar or new features, to better integrate the Services you use, or to provide you with insights based on how others use our Services;
To communicate with you about the Services:
We use your contact information to send transactional communications via email and within the Services, including confirming your purchases, reminding you of subscription expirations, responding to your comments, questions and requests, providing customer support, and sending you technical notices, updates, security alerts, and administrative messages. We also send you communications as you onboard to a particular Service to help you become more proficient in using that Service. These communications are part of the Services and, in most cases, you cannot opt out of them. If an opt out is available, you will find that option within the communication itself or in your account settings;
To offer Customer Support:
We use your information to send you technical notices, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages; respond to your comments, questions and requests; and provide customer service;
To market, promote and drive engagement with the Services
: We use information we collect including your contact information and information about how you use the Services to send marketing communications that may be of specific interest to you, including by email, about products, services, offers, promotions, rewards, and events offered by Informatica and others, and to provide news and information we think will be of interest to you. We may also target advertisements to you on third-party platforms and websites (for more information, see
XII. Choices and Means to Control Your Personal Data
, below). These communications may be informed by audits of interactions (like counting ad impressions) and are aimed at initiating and expanding subscription and adoption of our products and Services and driving engagement and maximizing what you get out of the Services, including information about new features, survey requests, newsletters, and events we think may be of interest to you. We also communicate with you about new Services, product offers, promotions, and contests. You can control whether you receive these communications as described
below
.
To process and deliver contest entries and rewards
.
For safety and security:
We use information about you and your Service use to help verify accounts and activity, to help detect, prevent, and respond to potential or actual security incidents, to help monitor and protect against other malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity, including violations of Service policies, to help detect and help prevent unauthorized access to our Facilities, to secure property and information, to help protect the health and safety of our personnel and visitors, and to help detect and prevent criminal behavior or misconduct;
To protect our legitimate business interests and legal rights:
Where required by law or where we believe it is necessary to protect our legal rights, interests and the interests of others, we use information about you in connection with legal claims, compliance, regulatory, and audit functions, and disclosures in connection with the acquisition, merger or sale of a business. Before doing so, we take the necessary steps to help ensure that your personal data will be given adequate protection as required by applicable law.
We may also use the information we collect to generate de-identified data that cannot reasonably be used to identify you. In some jurisdictions, this data is not treated as personal data. For those jurisdictions, we will maintain and use the data only in a de-identified fashion and will not attempt to re-identify the data.
V. Legal Basis for Processing
When we process this personal data, we will only do so in the following situations:
Although our contracts are generally with corporate entities and not directly with data subjects, it is conceivable that we may need to use your personal data to enter into and perform our responsibilities under a
contract
directly with you (including processing payments, providing our Services to you, or providing support) and to protect the security and safety of the Services. We may collect any information that is reasonably necessary to negotiate, enter, and fulfil the contract. The information collected for this purpose may include your business contact information and the order details, as well as information for the implementation of services.
We have a
legitimate interest
in processing your personal data. For example, we process the personal data we collect from you to send you marketing communications, to communicate with you about changes to our Services, to enhance the safety and security of our Facilities, and to help provide, secure, and improve our Services.
If we request your
consent
to a specific processing activity, and you provide your consent in the manner indicated.
In some cases, processing will be necessary for compliance with a
legal obligation
. Legal obligations for which Informatica may process personal data are responding to legal process, processing data subject rights requests, and complying with export and sanctions laws.
If you have consented to our use of your personal data for a specific purpose, you have the right to withdraw your
consent
, but this will not affect the data processing that has already happened. Where we are using your information because we have a
legitimate interest
to do so, you have the right to object to that use, but in some cases, this may mean no longer being able to use the Services.
VI. Disclosure of Information
We may disclose your personal data as follows or as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy.
With your consent or at your direction, including with third parties who participate in an Informatica joint marketing campaign, seminar, marketplace product offering or other joint product, service or event, and/or with distributors and resellers of Informatica products and services or with sellers of products and services complementary to Informatica products and services, for their sales and marketing purposes.
With vendors, consultants and other service providers to perform services for us, including payment processors (which assist us in issuing and receiving payments with counterparties), data enrichment service providers (which provide information on you to help us correct errors and ensure that our records are complete and up to date) session replay service providers (which can replay your visit to our website to enable us to understand how visitors use our Services) and analytics service providers (which assist us in determining which advertisements are shown to you - please see further detail at
VII. Advertising and Analytics Services Provided by Others
). Google Analytics, one such analytics service provider used in some geographies, processes data as described at
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
; some Services are protected by reCAPTCHA, for which the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service at
https://policies.google.com/
apply.
With professional advisors, including lawyers, auditors, and insurance companies.
If required by applicable law, regulation or legal process, including in connection with lawful requests by law enforcement, national security, or other public authorities.
To protect the rights, property and safety of Informatica or others,
With enterprise customers on whose behalf you use our Services, e.g., as an employee;
In connection with the merger or sale of all or a portion of our business to another company; and
We also disclose aggregated or de-identified information, which cannot reasonably be used to identify you.
VII. Advertising and Analytics Services Provided by Others
We allow others to serve advertisements on our behalf across the Internet and to provide analytics services on our behalf. These entities use cookies, web beacons and other technologies to collect information about your use of the Services and other websites, including your IP address, web browser, pages viewed, time spent on pages, links clicked and conversion information. This information is used by
Informatica and these entities to analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests on our Services and other websites, and better understand your online activity.
You may control the application of third-party analytics and advertising cookies, web beacons, session replay technology, and other tracking technologies through the cookie preferences manager available
here
. For more information about cookies, including how you may be able to opt out of interest-based ads, please see our Cookie Policy at
https://www.informatica.com/legal/cookie-policy.html
.
VIII. Cross-Border Transfer of Information
Informatica processes information in the United States and other countries. Accordingly, we and our service providers may transfer your information to, or store or access it in, jurisdictions that may not provide equivalent levels of data protection as your home jurisdiction. Informatica generally transfers information to affiliates and service providers in the the United States, UK, India or Canada, although in some cases those service providers may transfer information to their own service providers. We have implemented safeguards including binding corporate rules and standard contractual clauses to ensure that your personal data receives an adequate level of protection in the jurisdictions in which it is processed.
Data transferred from the European Economic Area (“EEA”) to Informatica and between Informatica affiliates outside the EEA will be processed pursuant to the Informatica Controller Binding Corporate Rules, a copy of which is available at
https://www.informatica.com/binding-corporate-rules.html
(the “BCRs”). The BCRs are incorporated by reference into this Privacy Policy and enforceable by you against Informatica. We encourage you to review the BCRs, in particular sections V (Data Protection Safeguards) and VI (The Binding Nature of the BCR), to learn more about our processing activities under the BCRs and the rights you may have under the BCRs.
Data transferred from the EEA to service providers in countries not deemed adequate by the European Commission, will be processed pursuant to appropriate safeguards, including the European Commission approved Standard Contractual Clauses, to ensure an adequate level of protection. Copies of the standard Contractual Clauses we use to facilitate these transfers are available at
Appendix 2: Informatica Standard Contractual Clauses
. Data transferred from other jurisdictions with applicable data transfer laws, including Brazil, Switzerland, and the UK, to service providers in countries not deemed adequate by the applicable data protection authority, will also be processed pursuant to appropriate safeguards including the applicable standard contractual clauses.
EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework and UK Extension
Informatica LLC and its U.S. subsidiaries comply with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Informatica LLC and its U.S. subsidiaries have certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that they adhere to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (“DPF Principles”) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union and the United Kingdom (collectively, “EU and UK Data”) in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework and to view our certification, please visit the Department of Commerce’s website
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
Please direct any inquiries or complaints regarding our compliance with the DPF Principles to the point of contact listed in the “Controllers of Your Personal Data” section above
. If Informatica does not resolve your complaint, you may submit your complaint free of charge for resolution to JAMS, Informatica’s designated independent Data Privacy Framework dispute resolution provider, at
https://www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-data-privacy-framework
. Under certain conditions specified by the DPF Principles, you may also be able to invoke binding arbitration to resolve your complaint. Informatica is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission. If Informatica discloses EU Data to a third-party service provider that processes the data solely on Informatica’s behalf, then Informatica may be held liable for that third party’s processing of EU Data in violation of the DPF Principles, unless Informatica can prove that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
IX. Your Rights
Access and Other Data Subject Rights Generally
Depending upon your jurisdiction and subject to limits under applicable law, you may be entitled to request a copy of the personal data Informatica holds about you (including in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format where applicable under the right of data portability), correction of the data, deletion of the data, and/or restriction of the data, as well as request that Informatica transmit your personal data to another controller (where applicable under the right of data portability), object to the processing of your personal data, or opt-out of the sale or sharing of your personal data or its use in targeted advertisements, in accordance with the rights available to you in your jurisdiction. You may submit your request through one of our online request forms (this
request form
to opt out of sale or sharing as described above, this
request form
for all other requests), or by emailing us at
privacy@informatica.com
, or by contacting us at the address listed in section
II. Controllers of Your Personal Data
section. Where Informatica’s processing of your personal data is based on your consent, you may also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time (without affecting the lawfulness of such processing before its withdrawal) by the foregoing methods.
Data Subject Requests for European Residents
If you are in the EEA, Switzerland, or the UK, you have the right to:
Request a copy of the personal data Informatica holds about you (including in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format where applicable under the right of data portability),
Request that Informatica transmit your personal data to another controller (where applicable under the right of data portability),
Request that Informatica correct your data,
Request that your data be deleted,
Withdraw your consent, if you have consented to our use of personal data for a specific purpose,
Request that your data be restricted, and
Object to the processing of your personal data
If you are in the EEA and have a concern about our processing of personal data that we are not able to resolve, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the data protection authority where you reside. Informatica’s lead Data Protection Authority in the EU/EEA is the Irish Data Protection Commission (DPC). For contact details of your local Data Protection Authority, please see:
https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_en
. If you are in Switzerland, see the Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner at https://www.edoeb.admin.ch/edoeb/en/home.html. If you are in the UK, see the Information Commissioner’s Office at
https://ico.org.uk/
.
For personal data transferred outside of the EEA in accordance with the BCRs, you can review sections V (Data Protection Safeguards) and VI (The Binding Nature of the BCR) of the BCRs available online at
https://www.informatica.com/binding-corporate-rules.html
for additional information on rights you may have, including any third party beneficiary rights.
Data Subject Requests for Brazil Residents
In addition to the methods of exercising rights outlined above, data subjects may exercise their rights or file a complaint or question by contacting Informatica’s data protection officer for Brazil under the LGPD (
infalatam@informatica.com
).
For information on the personal data collected and how that data is collected, used and disclosed, see the
III. Collection of Information
,
IV. Use of Information
, and
VI. Disclosure of Information
sections above. Any agents to whom the data are disclosed are contractually bound to use the data to perform the obligations and provide the services and/or deliverables under their agreement with Informatica and to implement, maintain and monitor appropriate administrative, technical and organizational safeguards for that data consistent with the requirements of LGPD. Transfer of data subjects’ personal data outside Brazil is performed in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the LGPD.
Where Informatica is subject to the requirements of Brazilian General Data Protection Law (LGPD), you may, should you feel it necessary, lodge a complaint with your local data protection authority if you feel your privacy rights have been infringed. You can find details of your local data protection authority here: the National Data Protection Authority (Autoridade Nacional de Proteção de Dados (ANDP)).
https://www.gov.br/anpd/pt-br
Québec Data Subjects
For additional information about the processing of your personal data if you are a resident of Quebec, Canada, you can contact the person in charge of the protection of personal information at Informatica Software Ltd. Canada is, by delegation, Informatica’s Chief Privacy Officer (
privacy@informatica.com
).
Right to Appeal
In some jurisdictions, you have the right to submit an appeal within a reasonable time after you receive from us a refusal to take action on your request. You may submit your appeal through our
online request form
, or by emailing us at
privacy@informatica.com
, or by contacting us at the address listed in section
II. Controllers of Your Personal Data
section. Include the word APPEAL in capital letters in the comment to the online request, in the header of the email, or in the subject of your written communication. We will respond to your appeal no later than 60 days after receipt. If you are dissatisfied with our response to your appeal, you may have the right to appeal to a regulator or other government agent. Consumers in Virginia may file a complaint to the
attorney general of Virginia
.
X. California Residents
Under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) as amended, you have specific rights regarding your personal information if you are a California resident (“Consumer”) as further described in the
Notice to California Residents
.
XI. Data Retention
We store the personal data we collect about you for as long as is necessary for the purposes for which we originally collected it. We may retain certain information for legitimate business purposes, as required by law, or where necessary to preserve it in contemplation of litigation, legal proceedings or an investigation. The storage periods are determined on a case-by-case basis that depends on factors like the nature of the information, why it is collected and processed, relevant legal or operational retention needs, and legal obligations.
XII. Choices and Means to Control Your Personal Data
You may limit use and disclosure of your personal data as described below.
Cookies and Tracking Technologies
You may control the application of, or opt out from the use of, third-party analytics and advertising cookies and technology tracking that may collect personal data by means of the cookie preferences manager available
here
.
Account Information
If you have registered for an account via our Services, you may update, correct or delete your account information by logging into your online account.
Location Information
Some of our mobile applications collect precise geolocation information from your mobile device. Prior to collecting such information, you will be asked to consent to the application’s collection of this information. If you initially consent to our collection of location information, you may be able to subsequently stop the collection of this information through your device operating system settings. You may also stop our collection of location information by following the standard uninstall process to remove our mobile applications from your device.
Promotional Communications
You may opt out of receiving promotional communications from Informatica by following the instructions provided in those communications or at
https://now.informatica.com/UnsubscribePage.html
, or may manage your email preferences more specifically at
https://now.informatica.com/email-preference-center.html
. Please note that if you opt out of receiving promotional communications, we may still send you transactional or relationship messages, such as those about your account or our ongoing business relations.
Appendix 1: Use of Personal Data
Category of personal information
Purpose of processing
Legal basis for processing
WHAT
WHY
Information you provide
Identifiers
such as name.
Contact information
such as professional postal address, telephone number, professional email address, country of location.
Gender
Professional or employment related information
, such as current or past employment status and job role.
Establish and manage our relationship with our customers, service providers and other partners
Provide, maintain and improve our Services;
Provide and deliver the products and services you request, process transactions, schedule meetings and calls, send technical notes, documentation and statements, send you related information, including confirmations and invoices;
Send you technical notices, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages;
Respond to your inquiries, complaints, comments, questions and requests, and provide customer service
We process identifiers, contact information, gender, and professional or employed related information about you in order to further our legitimate interest in providing services to you, communicating adequately with you, and responding to your requests.
It is conceivable that in some cases, in order to engage in transactions with you, and to process purchases and downloads of our products and services, we need to process information about you as necessary
to enter into or perform a contract
with you.
Marketing preferences
including the contact information you would like Informatica to use for marketing purposes, your marketing content preferences and whether you opted out of marketing communications.
Communicate with you about products, services, offers, promotions, rewards, and events offered by Informatica and others, and provide news and information we think will be of interest to you;
Process and deliver rewards.
Comply with laws and regulations governing marketing communications
We process personal information for marketing and sales activities (including events) in furtherance of our
legitimate interest
to keep you updated on developments around our products and services which may be of interest to you and to
comply with legal obligations to which we are subject.
Communication information
, including the content of the communication with an Informatica staff member by email, telephone, by completing an online form or participating in an online chat or forum, in the context of a support case, for an inquiry or to register for an event or a webinar.
Address your requests, comments, issues, questions or concerns
Improve our interactions with you and better meet your expectations, particularly in the context of support cases
Determine the products and services that may be of interest to you and send you communications in accordance with your interests, your location and your industry.
We process personal information for marketing and sales activities (including events) in furtherance of our
legitimate interests
to provide you services and to keep you updated on developments around our products and services which may be of interest to you.
Information we collect when you use the Services:
Identifying
metadata
such as user information (user ID, username, name, email address, contact information, title, last login date), Internet Protocol address.
Usage data
relating to the access and use of our cloud products or services, such as login information (IP address, login credentials, date and time of access, country of location, browser version, days active, time on site), type of license and product used, features used, buttons clicked, jobs performed, support information including error messages, config issues and support cases reported
Commercial information
such as records of products or services purchased or considered.
Internet or other
electronic network activity information
, such as search history and interaction with our websites, cloud services and other applications, or advertisements.
Geolocation data
, such as the physical location of a person or device.
Electronic
, visual, or other similar information, such as photos, videos, or webcasts from events.
Inferences
drawn from the personal information above reflecting your preferences, characteristics, and behavior.
Monitor subscription to our products and services including to ensure that they are only used by licensed users, to review compliance with applicable usage terms, and to maintain security of our products and services
Monitor and analyze aggregated trends, usage and activities in connection with the Services.
Improve the usage and performance of and enhance the engagement and user experience of the Services.
Personalize and improve the Services (with the help of service providers which carry out data analytics services on our behalf – please see further detail at ‘Advertising and Analytics Services Provided by Others’), develop and enhance our products and services, identify new features or functionalities, identify customers and user opportunities and provide advertisements, content or features that match user profiles or interests;
Comply with our legal obligations
We rely on our
legitimate interest
to analyze, develop, improve and optimize our sites, facilities, products and services, and to maintain the security of our sites, networks and systems.
We comply with legal
obligations to which we are subject
, such as an obligation to comply with legal process, or to process an opt-out request.
Information obtained from third parties:
Information from your social media profile or purchased from third party suppliers such as data enrichment service providers, including information about you, your employer or the company you are affiliated with, and approximate location
Information you choose to make publicly available on social media platforms in a professional context, such as name, email address, job title, company name, area of expertise and
professional interests.
Information from third parties whom you have authorized to disclose your information
Update, expand and analyze our records, identify new customers, create more tailored advertising about products and services that may be of interest to you
We rely on our
legitimate interest
to keep our business contact records current and up to date.
Information collected at our facilities:
CCTV/video security footage and digital images, identification information (not applicable to Facilities in the EEA)
Help prevent unauthorized access to our Facilities, secure property and information, protect the health and safety of our personnel and visitors, and detect and prevent criminal behavior or misconduct
We rely on our
legitimate interest
to maintain the security of our Facilities.
Retention of personal information
We primarily host personal information collected pursuant to this Privacy Policy in the USA, UK, India and Canada. We retain transferred categories of personal information above for a period consistent with the purpose of the transfer necessary for processing by the importer and to meet our legal and regulatory obligations.
Appendix 2: Informatica Standard Contractual Clauses
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.informatica.com/fr/privacy-policy.html:
Privacy Policy
Mise à jour le 9 mars 2022
Table of Contents
A propos de notre politique de confidentialite
Collecte d’informations
Utilisation des informations
Partage des informations
Fonctionnalites de partage sur les reseaux sociaux
Services de publicite et d’analyse fournis par des prestataires tiers
Transfert de l'information
Personnes residentes dans l’espace economique europeen
Personnes residentes en californie
Conservation des donnees
Options et moyens pour contrôler vos données personnelles
Contactez-nous
A PROPOS DE NOTRE POLITIQUE DE CONFIDENTIALITE
La présente Politique de confidentialité explique comment la société Informatica LLC, Informatica Ireland EMEA UC et ses filiales respectives (ci-après « Informatica ») collectent, utilisent et partagent vos informations. La présente Politique de confidentialité s’applique aux informations que nous recueillons lorsque vous utilisez nos sites Web, nos applications mobiles ainsi que nos autres produits et services en ligne (collectivement, les « Services ») ou lorsque vous interagissez avec nous, notamment lorsque vous assistez à des événements organisés par Informatica ou auxquels Informatica est présent, visiter nos locaux, sites et/ou bureaux (collectivement « nos Sites ») et lorsque vous contactez notre support client. La présente Politique de confidentialité ne s’applique pas aux informations traitées par Informatica sur ses employés ou les candidats à une offre d’emploi, qui sont régies par un avis de confidentialité distinct. Cette politique ne s’applique pas également aux informations traitées par Informatica pour le compte de ses clients via les Services, comme décrit plus en détail dans l’accord relatif au traitement des données d’Informatica disponible sur le site Web d’Informatica – section informations légales, à l’adresse suivante :
https://www.informatica.com/content/dam/informatica-com/en/docs/legal/online-data-processing-agreement.pdf
Nous sommes susceptibles de modifier à tout moment la présente Politique de confidentialité. En cas de modification, nous vous en informerons en mettant à jour la date indiquée en haut. Dans certains cas, nous pourrons porter à votre connaissance des notifications supplémentaires (par exemple, en affichant une déclaration sur les pages d’accueil de notre site Web ou en vous envoyant une notification par courrier électronique) ou vous demander à nouveau votre accord conformément à la loi en vigueur. Nous vous encourageons à consulter la Politique de confidentialité lorsque vous accédez aux Services pour rester informés de nos pratiques en matière d’information et des moyens de protéger votre vie privée.
COLLECTE D’INFORMATIONS
Les informations que vous nous fournissez
Nous collectons les informations que vous nous fournissez directement. Par exemple, nous collectons des informations lorsque vous créez un compte (incluant un compte utilisateur produit), utilisez des fonctionnalités interactives des Services, remplissez un formulaire, participez à un concours, une opération promotionnelle ou un sondage, vous inscrivez à un événement ou à un cours, effectuez un achat, formulez une demande de service client ou communiquez avec nous. Les types d’informations que vous pouvez choisir d’indiquer sont notamment votre nom, votre adresse électronique, votre adresse postale, votre numéro de téléphone, votre numéro de télécopie, vos informations de paiement, votre sexe et les informations relatives à votre entreprise, et votre emploi actuel.
Les informations que nous collectons automatiquement lorsque vous utilisez les Services
Lorsque vous accédez à nos Services ou que vous les utilisez, nous collectons automatiquement toute ou partie des informations suivantes vous concernant :
Les informations sur les logs : nous enregistrons des informations relatives à l’utilisation que vous faites des Services, y compris le type de navigateur que vous utilisez, les temps d’accès, les pages consultées, votre adresse IP et la page que vous avez visitée lors de votre navigation sur Internet avant d’arriver à nos Services.
Les informations sur les équipements : nous collectons des informations relatives à l’ordinateur ou à l’appareil mobile que vous utilisez pour accéder à nos Services, notamment le modèle de votre matériel, le système d’exploitation et sa version, les identificateurs uniques de l’appareil et les informations sur le réseau mobile.
Les informations relatives à la localisation : nous recueillons des informations relatives à la position précise de votre appareil lorsque vous accédez à l’une de nos applications mobiles ou que vous les utilisez. Nous collectons ces informations conformément au processus d’autorisation établi par le système d’exploitation de votre appareil mobile. Si par la suite vous souhaitez désactiver cette collecte d’information, vous pouvez consulter la section « Vos choix » ci-dessous.
Les informations sur l’utilisation du produit : lorsque vous utilisez nos produits et services d’entreprise pour le compte de votre société, nous collectons des informations relatives à votre appareil et à l’utilisation que vous faites de ces produits et services, notamment l’adresse IP de l’appareil, les identifiants de connexion, le fuseau horaire, les messages d’erreur, les interactions avec le produit et les configurations de celui-ci, ainsi que d’autres informations d’utilisation similaires.
Les informations collectées par les cookies et autres technologies de suivi : nous utilisons différentes technologies pour collecter des informations, y compris l’envoi de cookies sur votre ordinateur ou appareil mobile. Pour obtenir plus d’informations sur les cookies et leur désactivation, vous pouvez consulter notre Politique en matière de cookies à l’adresse suivante : https://www.informatica.com/fr/legal/cookie-policy.html.
Inférences : nous tirons des conclusions à votre sujet à partir des informations que nous collectons, telles que votre intérêt pour des produits ou services particuliers sur la base des pages que vous visitez sur notre site Web.
Les informations que nous collectons à partir d’autres sources
Nous obtenons également des informations à partir d’autres sources et les associons aux informations que nous collectons via nos Services. Par exemple, si vous liez un compte Informatica à votre compte de réseau social, nous pouvons avoir accès à certaines informations de la société qui détient le réseau social ou l’exploite, conformément aux procédures d’autorisation définies par ladite société. Informatica reçoit également des informations sur la société pour laquelle vous êtes susceptible de travailler et votre localisation approximative provenant des fournisseurs de services d’enrichissement de données. En outre, Informatica reçoit des informations vous concernant de la part d’autres tiers que vous avez autorisés à partager vos informations ou qui collectent des informations en relation avec des offres proposées dans le cadre d’association de marques.
Informations collectées sur nos Sites
Si vous visitez nos Sites, les caméras de vidéosurveillance que nous utilisons pour protéger nos employés, nos visiteurs et nos biens peuvent vous enregistrer. Nous pouvons collecter des informations vous concernant nous permettant de vous identifier à des fins de sécurité.
UTILISATION DES INFORMATIONS
Nous utilisons les informations vous concernant aux fins suivantes :
Fournir, maintenir et améliorer nos Services ;
Fournir et livrer les produits et services que vous demandez, traiter des transactions et vous envoyer les informations afférentes, y compris les confirmations et les factures ;
Vous envoyer des avis techniques, des mises à jour, des alertes de sécurité ainsi que des messages administratifs et d’assistance ;
Répondre à vos commentaires, questions et demandes, et fournir un service à la clientèle ;
Communiquer avec vous sur les produits, services, offres, promotions, récompenses et événements proposés par Informatica et d’autres, ainsi que vous partager des actualités et informations qui, selon nous, pourront vous intéresser ;
Surveiller et analyser les tendances, l’utilisation et les activités liées à nos Services ;
Personnaliser et améliorer les Services et proposer des publicités, du contenu ou des fonctionnalités correspondant aux profils ou aux intérêts des utilisateurs ;
Aider à empêcher tout accès non autorisé à nos Sites, à sécuriser la propriété et les informations, à protéger la santé et la sécurité de notre personnel et de nos visiteurs, et à détecter et prévenir les comportements criminels ou les manquements ;
Respecter nos obligations légales ; ainsi que
Gérer les participations aux concours et fournir les récompenses associées.
PARTAGE DES INFORMATIONS
Nous partageons les informations vous concernant comme suit ou comme décrit dans la présente Politique de confidentialité :
avec votre consentement ou sous votre contrôle, y compris avec des tiers qui participent à une campagne de marketing conjointe avec Informatica, à un séminaire, à une offre de produits de marché ou à un autre produit, service ou événement conjoint, et / ou avec des distributeurs et revendeurs de produits et services Informatica ou avec les vendeurs de produits et services complémentaires aux produits et services Informatica, à des fins de vente et de marketing.t.
avec des fournisseurs, consultants et autres fournisseurs de services pour effectuer des services pour nous, y compris les processeurs de paiement, les fournisseurs de services d'enrichissement des données et les fournisseurs de services d'analyse. Google Analytics, l'un de ces prestataires de services d'analyse, traite les données comme décrit sur https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites. Certains Services sont protégés par reCAPTCHA, pour lesquels la Politique de confidentialité et les Conditions d'utilisation de Google sur https://policies.google.com/ s'appliquent ;
en réponse à une demande d’informations si nous y sommes tenus ou que nous estimons que leur divulgation est exigée par voie de droit ou en vertu d’une loi ou d’un règlement en vigueur, y compris en cas de demandes légitimes émanant des forces de l’ordre, de la sécurité nationale ou d’autres autorités publiques ;
pour protéger les droits, la propriété et la sécurité d’Informatica ou d’autres ;
Si vous utilisez nos Services pour le compte de l'un de nos clients, nous partageons certaines informations vous concernant et votre utilisation de nos Services avec ce client.
dans le cadre de fusions, de ventes d’actifs de la société, de financements ou d’acquisitions de toute ou partie de notre entreprise à une autre société, ou lors des négociations de telles transactions ; et
Nous partageons également des informations agrégées ou anonymisées, qui ne peuvent pas être raisonnablement utilisées pour vous identifier.
FONCTIONNALITES DE PARTAGE SUR LES RESEAUX SOCIAUX
Les Services offrent des fonctionnalités de partage sur les réseaux sociaux et d’autres outils intégrés (tels que le bouton « J’aime » de Facebook), qui vous permettent de partager l’utilisation que vous avez de nos Services avec les autres réseaux et inversement. L’usage de ces fonctionnalités permet le partage d’informations avec vos amis ou le public, en fonction des paramètres que vous définissez avec l’entité fournissant la fonctionnalité de partage sur un réseau social. Pour plus d’informations sur l’objectif et l’étendue de la collecte et du traitement des données en rapport avec les fonctionnalités de partage sur les réseaux sociaux, vous pouvez consulter les politiques de confidentialité des entités fournissant ces fonctionnalités.
SERVICES DE PUBLICITE ET D’ANALYSE FOURNIS PAR DES PRESTATAIRES TIERS
Nous autorisons des tiers à diffuser des publicités en notre nom sur Internet et à fournir des services d’analyse pour notre compte. Ces entités utilisent des cookies, des balises Web et d’autres technologies pour collecter des informations sur l’utilisation que vous faites des Services et d’autres sites Web ; notamment votre adresse IP, votre navigateur Web, les pages consultées, le temps passé sur celles-ci, les liens sur lesquels vous avez cliqué et les informations de conversion. Ces informations sont utilisées par Informatica et lesdites entités pour analyser et suivre les données, déterminer la popularité de certains contenus, diffuser des publicités et des contenus ciblés sur vos centres d’intérêt relatifs à nos Services et d’autres sites Web et mieux comprendre votre activité en ligne. Vous pouvez contrôler l'application de cookies analytiques et publicitaires tiers, de balises Web et d'autres technologies de suivi via le gestionnaire de préférences en matière de cookies disponible ici :
https://www.informatica.com/privacy-policy/personal-information.html
. Pour obtenir plus d’informations sur les cookies, y compris sur la manière dont vous pouvez désactiver les annonces ciblées sur vos centres d’intérêt, vous pouvez consulter notre Politique en matière de cookies à l’adresse suivante :
https://www.informatica.com/fr/legal/cookie-policy.html
.
TRANSFERT DE L'INFORMATION
Informatica traite les informations aux États-Unis ainsi que dans d’autres pays. Par conséquent, nos fournisseurs de services et nous-mêmes pouvons être amenés à transférer vos informations, à les stocker ou à y accéder dans des juridictions susceptibles de ne pas offrir des niveaux de protection des données équivalents à ceux de votre juridiction d’origine. Nous prendrons des mesures pour nous assurer que vos données personnelles bénéficient d’un niveau de protection adéquat dans les juridictions dans lesquelles nous les traitons. Par exemple, les données transférées de l’Espace économique européen (« EEE ») vers Informatica LLC et ses filiales basées aux États-Unis seront traitées selon les garanties et mesures appropriées, y compris les clauses contractuelles types approuvées par la Commission européenne pour garantir un niveau de protection adéquat. Dans d’autres cas, nous utiliserons des clauses contractuelles types approuvées par la Commission européenne pour garantir un niveau de protection adéquat des données provenant de l’EEE. Des copies des clauses contractuelles types que nous utilisons pour faciliter le transfert de données en dehors de l’EEE sont disponibles ici et ici.
PERSONNES RESIDENTES DANS L’ESPACE ECONOMIQUE EUROPEEN
Si nous collectons vos données pendant que vous êtes dans l’EEE, vous disposez de certains droits et de certaines protections en vertu de la loi sur le traitement de ces données personnelles. Veuillez consulter les sections ci-dessous pour obtenir plus d’informations à ce sujet.
Responsables du traitement des données.
Informatica Ireland EMEA UC et Informatica LLC sont des coresponsables du traitement des données collectées vous concernant.
Fondement juridique justifiant le traitement
Dans ce cas, nous ne traiterons vos données personnelles que dans les situations suivantes :
utilisation de vos données personnelles pour satisfaire aux obligations qui nous incombent en vertu du contrat que nous avons passé avec vous (par exemple, le traitement des paiements et la prestation des Services que vous avez demandés).
intérêt légitime à traiter vos données personnelles. Par exemple, nous traitons les données personnelles que nous collectons auprès de vous pour vous envoyer des communications commerciales, communiquer avec vous sur les modifications apportées à nos Services, améliorer la sécurité de nos Sites et pour fournir, sécuriser et améliorer nos Services.
demande de votre consentement à une activité de traitement spécifique et que vous fournissez votre consentement de la manière indiquée.
dans certains cas, le traitement sera nécessaire pour se conformer à une obligation légale, comme en cas de réponse aux demandes faites dans le cadre d’une procédure judiciaire.
Demandes effectuées par les Personnes Concernées résidentes en Union Européenne ou dans l’Espace Economique Européen
Si vous êtes dans l’EEE, vous avez le droit d’accéder aux données personnelles que nous détenons vous concernant et de demander que ces données personnelles soient corrigées. Dans certains cas, vous êtes également en droit de nous demander d’effacer des données que nous traitons, de limiter certaines de nos activités de traitement ou de vous y opposer. Vous êtes également en droit de nous demander de vous communiquer les données personnelles que vous nous avez fournies sous une forme adaptée à la portabilité des données, afin de les transmettre au service d’un autre responsable de traitement. Si vous souhaitez exercer l’un de ces droits, vous pouvez nous contacter comme indiqué dans la section « Contactez-nous » ci-dessous.
Questions ou réclamations
Si vous êtes dans l’EEE et que vous avez des questions à propos de notre traitement de vos données personnelles auxquelles nous ne sommes pas en mesure de répondre, vous avez le droit d’introduire une réclamation auprès de l’autorité de protection des données de votre lieu de résidence. Pour obtenir les coordonnées de votre autorité locale de protection des données, veuillez-vous rendre à l’adresse suivante :
https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_en
Bouclier de protection des données UE-États-Unis (Privacy Shield)
Informatica LLC et ses filiales américaines se conforment aux principes énoncés par le cadre du Bouclier de protection des données UE-États-Unis (« Principes Privacy Shield »), établi par le ministère américain du Commerce et la Commission européenne concernant la collecte, l'utilisation et la conservation des données personnelles transférées de l'Union européenne et du Royaume-Uni, selon le cas (collectivement, les « données de l'UE ») aux Etats-Unis. Bien qu’Informatica ne transfère plus les données de l’UE dans le cadre du Privacy Shield, Informatica a certifié auprès du département américain du Commerce qu'il adhère aux Principes Privacy Shield, en ce qui concerne ces données de l'UE. En cas de conflit entre les termes de la présente politique de confidentialité et les Principes Privacy Shield »), ces derniers prévaudront. Pour plus d'informations sur le programme Privacy Shield et pour consulter notre certification, veuillez visiter le site
Web Privacy Shield du Département du commerce.
Nous vous prions de bien vouloir adresser toute question ou réclamation relative à notre conformité aux Principes Privacy Shield au point de contact indiqué dans la section « Contactez-nous » ci-dessous. Si Informatica ne satisfait pas à votre demande, vous pouvez l’envoyer gratuitement au JAMS, un mécanisme indépendant de résolution des litiges afférents au Bouclier de protection des données, désigné par Informatica, à l’adresse suivante :
https://www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-privacy-shield
. Sous certaines conditions spécifiées dans les Principes Privacy Shield, vous pouvez également être en mesure d’invoquer un arbitrage exécutoire pour traiter votre réclamation. Informatica est soumise aux pouvoirs d’enquête et d’exécution de la Federal Trade Commission. Si Informatica partage des Données UE avec un prestataire de services tiers qui traite les données uniquement pour le compte d’Informatica, Informatica peut être tenue responsable du traitement des Données UE effectué par ce tiers en violation des Principes Privacy Shield, sauf si Informatica peut prouver qu’elle n’est pas responsable de l’événement à l’origine du dommage.
PERSONNES RESIDENTES EN CALIFORNIE
En vertu de la California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (« CCPA »), vous disposez de droits spécifiques concernant vos informations personnelles si vous êtes un résident californien (« Consumer »), comme décrit plus en détail dans cette section.
Informations personnelles que nous collectons
Sous réserve de certaines limitations et exceptions, vous avez le droit de savoir quelles informations personnelles sont collectées, divulguées, utilisées ou vendues par Informatica. Nous pouvons collecter certains types d'informations personnelles auprès de vous, comme décrit dans la section Collecte d'informations ci-dessus en rapport avec les services et le marketing que nous fournissons. Plus précisément, au cours des douze (12) derniers mois, nous avons collecté les catégories d'informations personnelles suivantes auprès des consommateurs (« Les Catégories collectées ») :
Identifiants tels que votre vrai nom, alias, adresse postale, identifiant en ligne, adresse de protocole Internet et adresse e-mail.
Catégories d'informations personnelles répertoriées dans la loi de Californie sur les dossiers de clients « California Customer Records statute » (Code civique § 1798.80 (e)), y compris le nom, la signature, l'adresse, le numéro de téléphone, l'emploi ou l'historique d'emploi (certaines informations personnelles incluses dans cette catégorie peuvent être en doublons d'autres catégories).
Caractéristiques des classifications protégées en vertu de la loi californienne ou fédérale, telles que l'âge, le sexe et le handicap
Informations commerciales telles que les enregistrements des produits ou services achetés ou considérés
Internet ou d'autres informations sur les activités du réseau électronique, telles que l'historique de recherche et l'interaction avec nos sites Web, applications ou publicités.
Données de géolocalisation, telles que l'emplacement physique de vous ou de votre appareil.
Informations électroniques, visuelles ou autres informations similaires, telles que des photos, des vidéos ou des webdiffusions d'événements.
Informations professionnelles ou liées à l'emploi, telles que la situation professionnelle actuelle ou passée et les titres de postes.
Inférences tirées des informations personnelles ci-dessus reflétant vos préférences, caractéristiques et comportement.
Pour en savoir plus sur les sources à partir desquelles nous collectons ces catégories d'informations personnelles et les finalités commerciales pour lesquelles nous les collectons, merci de se référer aux Sections « Collecte d'Informations » et « Utilisation des informations » ci-dessus. Nous ne collectons pas de catégories supplémentaires d'informations personnelles et n'utilisons pas les informations personnelles que nous avons collectées à des fins sensiblement différentes, non liées ou incompatibles sans vous en informer.
Informations personnelles que nous divulguons et vendons
Nous pouvons partager vos informations personnelles avec un tiers à des fins commerciales, comme spécifié dans les sections Partage des informations ci-dessus. Plus précisément, au cours des douze (12) derniers mois, nous avons partagé ou divulgué chacune des catégories collectées d'informations personnelles ci-dessus.
Nous pouvons partager les catégories collectées d'informations personnelles ci-dessus avec les tiers suivants à des fins commerciales :
Nos affiliées
Fournisseurs de services, y compris pour l'analyse des données, le marketing et la publicité de nos services pour vous
Des tiers intégrés à nos services
Tiers tel que requis par les dispositions législatives ou règlementaires
Tiers pour les besoins d'une fusion, d'une vente ou d'un transfert d'actifs
Autres tiers auxquels vous ou vos agents nous ont autorisé à divulguer vos informations personnelles dans le cadre des Services que nous vous fournissons
Au cours des douze derniers mois, nous avons partagé des identifiants, des informations commerciales, des informations sur l'activité Internet et des données de géolocalisation avec des sociétés tierces telles que des services d'enrichissement de données et des fournisseurs d'analyses, en utilisant des technologies publicitaires ou des cookies qui peuvent être considérés comme une «vente» en vertu du CCPA dans le but de diffuser de la publicité et du contenu ciblés selon vos intérêts et d'améliorer votre expérience en ligne. À l'exception de ce qui précède, Informatica ne vend autrement aucune information personnelle, y compris les informations personnelles d'enfants mineurs de moins de 16 ans.
Vos droits en tant que Consommateurs au titre du CCPA
Sous réserve de certaines limitations et exceptions, vous avez le droit de demander à Informatica de vous divulguer des informations concernant notre collecte et notre utilisation de vos informations personnelles à l'heure actuelle et au cours des douze (12) derniers mois, y compris les catégories et éléments spécifiques d'informations personnelles que nous collectées, utilisées, vendues ou divulguées. Vous pouvez avoir le droit de nous demander de supprimer vos informations personnelles que nous avons collectées, sous réserve de certaines exceptions. VOUS AVEZ LE DROIT DE NE PAS VENDRE LA VENTE DE VOS INFORMATIONS PERSONNELLES ET VOUS POUVEZ LE FAIRE EN CLIQUANT SUR «NE PAS VENDRE MES INFORMATIONS PERSONNELLES » SUR LE SITE INFORMATICA.
Comment soumettre une demande d'accès ou de suppression
Si vous souhaitez plus d'informations ou si vous souhaitez soumettre une demande liée à la confidentialité décrite ci-dessus, vous pouvez le faire en :
remplissant ce formulaire en ligne ;
Nous envoyer un email à
privacy@informatica.com
décrivant la nature de votre demande ; ou
Nous appeler à ce numéro de téléphone sans frais : 888-531-0162
Vérification de la demande
Une fois que vous avez soumis une demande en utilisant l'une des méthodes ci-dessus, nous vérifierons votre identité personnelle sur la base des informations que nous recevons de vous. En règle générale, nous pouvons demander aux contacts professionnels le nom complet, l'adresse e-mail, l'adresse physique ou le numéro de téléphone. Si vous nous contactez à partir d'une adresse e-mail qui ne figure pas dans le dossier, nous pouvons demander au moins un autre point de données que nous détenons déjà (tel qu'un événement Informatica auquel vous avez assisté). Selon les données que nous avons dans notre dossier ou d'autres circonstances, nous pouvons demander des informations supplémentaires. Vous pouvez également désigner un agent autorisé pour exercer ces droits en votre nom, qui peut le faire à l'aide des méthodes décrites dans Comment soumettre une demande d'accès ou de suppression ci-dessus, mais nous exigerons une preuve que la personne est autorisée à agir en votre nom et peut également vous demander de vérifier votre identité directement avec nous. Vous pouvez également faire une demande de confidentialité au nom de votre enfant mineur.
Nous ne pouvons pas répondre à votre demande ou vous fournir des informations personnelles si nous ne pouvons pas vérifier votre identité ou que vous avez le pouvoir de demander les informations personnelles. Nous utiliserons les informations personnelles fournies dans une demande uniquement pour vérifier l'identité du demandeur ou le pouvoir de faire la demande.
Non-discrimination
Nous n’exercerons aucune discrimination contre vous pour avoir exercé vos droits en vertu du CCPA.
Notification d'incitation financière
De temps en temps, nous pouvons offrir des programmes de récompenses, des tombolas ou d'autres promotions au cours desquelles vous pouvez fournir des informations personnelles en échange de points de récompense, de prix ou d'autres articles qui peuvent constituer une incitation financière en vertu du CCPA, le montant ou la nature seront précisés dans les conditions générales prévues pour chaque promotion au moment de la transmission des informations personnelles. Vous pouvez opter pour l'incitation financière en soumettant vos informations personnelles. Vous pouvez vous désinscrire de l'incitation financière à tout moment en : (i) vous abstenant de soumettre des informations personnelles, (ii) en suivant la méthode de retrait de vos informations personnelles décrite dans les conditions générales de la promotion, ou (iii) en soumettant une demande à privacy@informatica.com.
Chaque incitation financière liée à la soumission et à l'utilisation de renseignements personnels est basée sur notre estimation raisonnable de la valeur de ces informations, qui prend en considération divers facteurs tels que les revenus prévus générés, les dépenses prévues engagées pour la collecte, le stockage et l'utilisation de ces renseignements et d'autres facteurs pertinents liés à la valeur estimative de ces renseignements personnels pour notre entreprise, comme permis par le CCPA.
CONSERVATION DES DONNEES
Nous stockons ces données personnelles aussi longtemps que nécessaire aux fins pour lesquelles nous les avons initialement collectées. Nous pouvons conserver certaines informations à des fins commerciales légitimes ou si la loi l’exige.
OPTIONS ET MOYENS POUR CONTRÔLER VOS DONNÉES PERSONNELLES
Vous pouvez limiter l'utilisation et la divulgation de vos données personnelles comme décrit ci-dessous.
Cookies et technologies de suivi
Vous pouvez contrôler l'application ou refuser l'utilisation de cookies analytiques et publicitaires tiers et du suivi de la technologie qui peuvent collecter des données personnelles au moyen du gestionnaire de préférences en matière de cookies disponible ici :
https://www.informatica.com/privacy-policy/personal-information.html
Droits d’accès
Vous pouvez demander une copie des données personnelles détenues par Informatica à votre sujet, la correction des données, la suppression des données et / ou la restriction des données conformément aux droits de votre juridiction en soumettant votre demande via notre formulaire de demande en ligne, ou en nous écrivant à privacy@informatica.com, ou en nous contactant à l'adresse indiquée dans la section « Contactez-nous » ci-dessous.
Informations de compte
Si vous avez ouvert un compte via nos Services, vous pouvez mettre à jour, corriger ou supprimer les informations de votre compte en vous y connectant en ligne.
Informations sur la position
Certaines de nos applications mobiles collectent des informations de géolocalisation précises à partir de votre appareil mobile. Avant que ces informations ne soient collectées, il vous sera demandé d’autoriser l’application à les collecter. Si, dans un premier temps, vous nous autorisez à collecter les informations relatives à votre position, vous avez la possibilité, si vous le souhaitez par la suite, d’empêcher la collecte de ces informations en modifiant les paramètres du système d’exploitation de votre appareil. Vous pouvez également nous empêcher de collecter les informations relatives à la position en suivant le processus de désinstallation standard pour supprimer nos applications mobiles de votre appareil.
Communications commerciales
Vous pouvez refuser de recevoir des communications commerciales de la part d’Informatica en suivant les instructions fournies dans lesdites communications ou en modifiant vos préférences de messagerie électronique sur https://now.informatica.com/UnsubscribePage.html. Veuillez noter que même si vous refusez de recevoir des communications commerciales, nous pouvons toujours vous envoyer des messages liés à vos transactions ou à notre relation contractuelle, tels que ceux concernant votre compte ou nos transactions commerciales en cours.
Vos droits à l’information en matière de partage de données
Conformément aux lois applicables, les résidents de Californie ainsi que ceux de certains pays internationaux peuvent demander à obtenir des informations spécifiques sur la manière dont leurs informations sont partagées avec des tiers à des fins de démarchage. Si vous résidez dans l’une de ces juridictions et souhaitez formuler une telle demande, veuillez nous contacter par l’un des moyens indiqués ci-dessous.
CONTACTEZ-NOUS
Si vous avez des questions concernant la présente Politique de confidentialité, des demandes relatives à vos données personnelles ou si vous souhaitez introduire une réclamation, veuillez nous contacter à l’adresse suivante :
Informatica LLC
à l’attention de: Legal Head of Global Privacy
2100 Seaport Blvd
Redwood City, CA 94063 U.S.A.
Fax: 650-385-5500
privacy@informatica.com
Ou si vous êtes dans l’EEE :
Informatica Ireland EMEA UC
(Fifth Floor)
1 Windmill Lane
SOBO District
Dublin 2, Ireland
privacy@informatica.com
Sub-policy 1
https://www.informatica.com/pt/privacy-policy.html:
Skip to main content
Última atualização:
February 6, 2025
Índice
I. Sobre a nossa Política de Privacidade
II. Controladores dos seus Dados Pessoais
III. Coleta de Informação
IV. Uso das Informação
V. Base Legal para Tratamento
VI. Divulgação de Informação
VII. Serviços de Publicidade e Análise Fornecidos por Terceiros
VIII. Transferência Internacional de Informação
IX. Seus Direitos
X. Residentes da Califórnia
XI. Retenção de Dados
XII. Escolhas e Meios para Controlar os Seus Dados Pessoais
Anexo 1: Uso de Dados Pessoais
Anexo 2: Cláusulas Contratuais Padrão
I. Sobre a nossa Política de Privacidade
Esta Política de Privacidade explica como a Informatica coleta, usa e divulga os seus dados pessoais. Esta Política de Privacidade se aplica às informações que coletamos quando você usa nossos sites, aplicativos móveis, páginas de mídia social, e outros produtos e serviços on-line (coletivamente, os “Serviços”) ou quando você interage conosco, inclusive quando participa de eventos organizados ou patrocinados pela Informatica, entra em contato conosco para obter suporte ao cliente, visita nossas instalações, instalações ou escritórios (coletivamente, nossas “Instalações”), ou interage conosco no contexto de outras atividades de vendas e marketing on-line ou off-line.
Podemos alterar esta Política de Privacidade periodicamente. Se fizermos alterações, notificaremos você da data de revisão no início da política e, em alguns casos, poderemos fornecer a você um aviso adicional (como uma declaração nas páginas iniciais do nosso site ou enviar uma notificação por e-mail) ou, de outra forma, buscar consentimento adicional de acordo com a lei aplicável. Recomendamos que você leia a Política de Privacidade sempre que acessar aos Serviços para se manter informado sobre nossas práticas de informação e sobre as maneiras de gerenciar sua privacidade.
Esta Política de Privacidade não se aplica às informações tratadas pela Informatica sobre seus funcionários ou candidatos a emprego, que são regidas por um aviso de privacidade de pessoal separado, ou às informações processadas pela Informatica em nome de seus clientes por meio dos Serviços, conforme descrito em mais detalhes no Contrato de tratamentoTratamento de Dados e nas Regras Corporativas Vinculativas do Processador da Informatica (“Processor Binding Corporate Rules “) disponíveis em nossa
página jurídica
. Você pode enviar um e-mail para
privacy@informatica.com
para se comunicar com a Informatica sobre seu tratamento de informação em nome de seus clientes.
II. Controladores dos Seus Dados Pessoais
A entidade ou entidades da Informatica que determinam as finalidades e os meios de tratamento dos seus dados pessoais (“Controlador”) dependem da sua localização geográfica. Em todas as regiões, a Informatica LLC é uma controladora. Se você estiver no Espaço Econômico Europeu, a Informatica Irlanda EMEA UC e a Informatica LLC são cocontroladoras. Se você estiver no Brasil, a IS INFORMATICA SOFTWARE LTDA e a Informatica LLC são cocontroladoras.
Você pode entrar em contato com essas entidades e seus representantes de privacidade nos endereços abaixo:
Informatica LLC
Attn: Legal Head of Global Privacy
2100 Seaport Blvd
Redwood City, CA 94063 U.S.A.
Fax: 650-385-5500
privacy@informatica.com
Informatica Ireland EMEA UC
(Fifth Floor)
1 Windmill Lane
SOBO District
Dublin 2, Ireland
Tel: +353 1 400 4900
privacy@informatica.com
IS INFORMATICA SOFTWARE LTDA
Av. Das Nações Unidas, 12901 - 3º.
Andar – Torre Norte - Brooklin Novo
04578-000 - São Paulo, SP
Brazil
Tel.: 0800-878-3060
infalatam@informatica.com
III. Coleta de Informações
Informações que Você Nos Fornece
Coletamos as informações que você nos fornece diretamente. Por exemplo, coletamos informações quando você cria uma conta (incluindo uma conta de usuário de produto), participa de recursos interativos dos Serviços, preenche um formulário, participa de um concurso, promoção ou pesquisa, se inscreve ou participa de um evento ou curso, faz uma compra, solicita suporte ao cliente ou se comunica conosco. Os tipos de informações que você pode optar por fornecer incluem seu nome, endereço de e-mail, endereço postal, número de telefone, sexo, informações sobre sua empresa e cargo atual e preferências de marketing.
Se algumas ou todas essas informações não forem coletadas, as principais consequências incluem que talvez não possamos fornecer produtos, serviços ou suporte a você, talvez não possamos nos comunicar com você e talvez não possamos responder aos seus comentários e reclamações.
Informações que Coletamos Automaticamente Quando Você Usa os Serviços
Quando você acessa ou usa nossos Serviços, coletamos automaticamente algumas ou todas as seguintes informações sobre você:
Informações de Log
: Registramos informações sobre seu uso dos Serviços, incluindo o tipo de navegador que você usa, horários de acesso, páginas visualizadas, seu endereço IP e a página que você visitou antes de navegar para nossos Serviços.
Informações do Dispositivo
: Coletamos informações sobre o computador ou dispositivo móvel que você usa para acessar nossos Serviços, incluindo o modelo de hardware, o sistema operacional e a versão, identificadores exclusivos do dispositivo e informações da rede móvel.
Informações de Localização
: Determinamos sua localização aproximada com base em seu endereço IP. Também coletamos sua localização precisa sempre que você acessa ou usa um de nossos aplicativos móveis. Coletamos essas informações de acordo com o processo de permissão estabelecido pelo sistema operacional do seu dispositivo móvel. Se você quiser optar por não participar mais tarde desta coleta, consulte a seção
XII. Escolhas e Meios para Controlar Seus Dados Pessoais abaixo
.
Informações de Uso do Produto
: Quando você usa nossos produtos e serviços corporativos em nome de sua organização, coletamos informações sobre seu dispositivo e seu uso desses produtos e serviços, incluindo o endereço IP do dispositivo, credenciais de login, fuso horário, mensagens de erro, interações e configurações do produto e outras informações de uso semelhantes.
Informações Coletadas por Cookies e Outras Tecnologias de Rastreamento
: Usamos várias tecnologias para coletar informações, incluindo repetições de sessão de sua navegação em nossos sites, e isso inclui o envio de cookies para seu computador ou dispositivo móvel. Para obter mais informações sobre cookies e como desativá-los, consulte nossa
Política de Cookies
.
Inferências
: Fazemos inferências sobre você a partir das informações que coletamos, como seu interesse em produtos ou serviços específicos com base nas páginas que você visita em nosso site.
Informações Que Coletamos de Outras Fontes
Também obtemos informações de outras fontes e as combinamos com informações que coletamos sobre você. A Informatica pode receber informações sobre você, a empresa para a qual trabalha e sua localização aproximada de prestadores de serviços de enriquecimento de dados, parceiros de publicidade e marketing, bancos de dados públicos e plataformas de mídia social. Além disso, a Informatica recebe informações sobre você de outros terceiros aos quais você autorizou a divulgar suas informações ou que coletam informações relacionadas a ofertas de marca compartilhada.
Informações que Coletamos em Nossas Instalações
Se você visitar nossas Instalações, as câmeras de segurança de vídeo que usamos para ajudar a proteger nossos funcionários, visitantes e propriedades podem gravar imagens digitais suas, e podemos coletar informações suas para nos permitir identificá-lo por motivos de segurança.
IV. Uso das Informações
A forma como usamos as informações que coletamos depende, em parte, dos Serviços que você usa, de como você os usa e de quaisquer preferências que tenha nos comunicado. Usamos seus dados pessoais para os seguintes fins (para obter mais detalhes, consulte o
Anexo 1: Uso de Dados Pessoais
desta Política de Privacidade):
Para fornecer os Serviços:
usamos seus dados pessoais para fornecer os Serviços a você, incluindo o tratamento de transações com você, a autenticação quando você faz login, a entrega dos produtos e serviços que você solicita e o envio de informações relacionadas, incluindo confirmações e faturas.
Para manter e melhorar nossos Serviços
: para tornar nossos Serviços mais inteligentes, seguros e integrados, usamos informações e aprendizados coletivos (incluindo feedback) sobre como você usa nossos Serviços para solucionar problemas, identificar tendências, uso, padrões de atividade e áreas para integração, melhorar nossos Serviços e desenvolver novos produtos, recursos e tecnologias que beneficiem nossos usuários. Em alguns casos, aplicamos esses aprendizados em nossos Serviços para melhorar e desenvolver recursos semelhantes ou novos, para integrar melhor os Serviços que você usa ou para fornecer informações com base em como outros usam nossos Serviços.
Para nos comunicarmos com você sobre os Serviços:
usamos suas informações de contato para enviar comunicações transacionais por e-mail e dentro dos Serviços, incluindo confirmar suas compras, lembrá-lo de expirações de assinatura, responder a seus comentários, perguntas e solicitações, fornecer suporte ao cliente e enviar avisos técnicos, atualizações, alertas de segurança e mensagens administrativas. Também enviamos comunicações à medida que você se integra a um Serviço específico para ajudá-lo a se tornar mais proficiente no uso desse Serviço. Essas comunicações fazem parte dos Serviços e, na maioria dos casos, você não pode recusá-las. Se uma opção de recusa estiver disponível, você a encontrará na própria comunicação ou nas configurações da sua conta.
Para oferecer Suporte ao Cliente:
usamos suas informações para enviar avisos técnicos, atualizações, alertas de segurança e mensagens administrativas e de suporte; responder aos seus comentários, perguntas e solicitações; e fornecer atendimento ao cliente.
Para comercializar, promover e impulsionar o envolvimento com os Serviços
: usamos as informações que coletamos, incluindo suas informações de contato e informações sobre como você usa os Serviços para enviar comunicações de marketing que possam ser de seu interesse específico, inclusive por e-mail, sobre produtos, serviços, ofertas, promoções, recompensas e eventos oferecidos pela Informatica e outros, e para fornecer notícias e informações que acreditamos que serão de seu interesse. Também podemos direcionar anúncios para você em plataformas e sites de terceiros (para obter mais informações, consulte
XII. Escolhas e Meios para Controlar Seus Dados Pessoais
, abaixo). Essas comunicações podem ser informadas por auditorias de interações (como contagem de impressões de anúncios) e visam iniciar e expandir a assinatura e a adoção de nossos produtos e Serviços, além de impulsionar o envolvimento e maximizar o que você obtém dos Serviços, incluindo informações sobre novos recursos, solicitações de pesquisa, boletins informativos e eventos que acreditamos que possam ser do seu interesse. Também nos comunicamos com você sobre novos Serviços, ofertas de produtos, promoções e concursos. Você pode controlar se recebe essas comunicações conforme descrito
abaixo
.
Para processar e entregar inscrições em concursos e recompensas.
Para segurança e proteção:
usamos informações sobre você e seu uso do serviço para ajudar a verificar contas e atividades, para ajudar a detectar, prevenir, e responder a incidentes de segurança potenciais ou reais, para ajudar a monitorar e proteger contra outras atividades enganosas, fraudulentas ou ilegais, incluindo violações das políticas de serviço, para ajudar a detectar e ajudar a prevenir o acesso não autorizado às nossas instalações, para proteger a propriedade e as informações, para ajudar a proteger a saúde e a segurança de nossos funcionários e visitantes, e ajudar a detectar e prevenir comportamento criminoso ou má conduta;
Para proteger nossos interesses comerciais legítimos e direitos legais:
quando exigido por lei ou quando acreditarmos que é necessário proteger nossos direitos legais, interesses próprios e de terceiros, usamos informações sobre você relacionadas a reivindicações legais, conformidade, funções regulatórias e de auditoria, e divulgações associadas à aquisição, fusão ou venda de um negócio. Antes de fazer isso, tomamos as medidas necessárias para ajudar a garantir que seus dados pessoais recebam proteção adequada, conforme exigido pela legislação aplicável.
Também podemos usar as informações que coletamos para gerar dados não identificados que não podem ser razoavelmente usados para identificá-lo. Em algumas jurisdições, esses dados não são tratados como dados pessoais. Nessas jurisdições, manteremos e usaremos os dados apenas de forma anonimizada e não tentaremos reidentificá-los.
V. Base Legal para Tratamento
Quando tratamos esses dados pessoais, faremos isso apenas nas seguintes situações:
Embora nossos contratos sejam geralmente com entidades corporativas e não diretamente com titulares de dados, é concebível que precisemos usar seus dados pessoais para celebrar e cumprir nossas responsabilidades sob um
contrato
diretamente com você (incluindo o tratamento de pagamentos, fornecimento de nossos Serviços a você ou fornecimento de suporte) e para proteger a segurança dos Serviços. Podemos coletar qualquer informação que seja razoavelmente necessária para negociar, celebrar e cumprir o contrato. As informações coletadas para esse fim podem incluir suas informações de contato comercial e os detalhes do pedido, bem como informações para a implementação dos serviços.
Temos um
interesse legítimo
no tratamento de seus dados pessoais. Por exemplo, tratamos os dados pessoais que coletamos de você para enviar comunicações de marketing, nos comunicarmos com você sobre alterações em nossos Serviços, melhorar a segurança e a proteção de nossas Instalações e ajudar a fornecer, proteger e melhorar nossos Serviços.
Se solicitarmos seu
consentimento
para uma atividade de tratamento específica, e você fornecer seu consentimento da maneira indicada.
Em alguns casos, o tratamento será necessário para conformidade com a
obrigação legal
. As obrigações legais para as quais a Informatica pode processar dados pessoais são responder ao processo legal, processar solicitações de direitos do titular dos dados e cumprir as leis de exportação e sanções.
Se você consentiu com o uso de seus dados pessoais para uma finalidade específica, você tem o direito de retirar seu
consentimento
, mas isso não afetará o tratamento de dados que já aconteceu. Quando estivermos usando suas informações é porque temos
interesse legítimo
para fazê-lo, você tem o direito de se opor a esse uso, mas, em alguns casos, isso pode significar que não será mais possível usar os Serviços.
VI. Divulgação de Informações
Podemos divulgar seus dados pessoais da seguinte forma ou conforme descrito de outra forma nesta Política de Privacidade.
Com o seu consentimento ou sob sua orientação, inclusive com terceiros que participam de uma campanha de marketing conjunta, seminário, oferta de produtos de mercado ou outro produto, serviço ou evento conjunto da Informatica e/ou com distribuidores e revendedores de produtos e serviços da Informatica ou com vendedores de produtos e serviços complementares aos produtos e serviços da Informatica, para seus objetivos de vendas e marketing.
Com fornecedores, consultores e outros prestadores de serviços para prestar serviços para nós, incluindo processadores de pagamento (que nos ajudam a emitir e receber pagamentos com contrapartes), provedores de serviços de enriquecimento de dados (que fornecem informações sobre você para nos ajudar a corrigir erros e garantir que nossos registros estejam completos e atualizados); provedores de serviços de reprodução de sessão (que podem reproduzir sua visita ao nosso site para nos permitir entender como os visitantes usam nossos Serviços) e provedores de serviços de análise (que nos ajudam a determinar quais anúncios são mostrados a você - consulte mais detalhes na seção
VII. Serviços de Publicidade e Análise Fornecidos por Terceiros
). O Google Analytics, um provedor de serviços de análise usado em algumas regiões geográficas, processa dados conforme descrito em
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
; alguns Serviços são protegidos pelo reCAPTCHA, para o qual a Política de Privacidade do Google e os Termos de Serviço em
https://policies.google.com/
se aplicam.
Com consultores profissionais, incluindo advogados, auditores e seguradoras.
Se exigido por lei, regulamento ou processo legal aplicável, inclusive de modo relacionado a solicitações legais por autoridades policiais, segurança nacional ou outras autoridades públicas.
Para proteger os direitos, a propriedade e a segurança da Informatica ou de terceiros.
Com clientes empresariais em cujo nome você usa nossos Serviços, por exemplo, como funcionário.
Em conexão com a fusão ou venda de todo ou parte de nossos negócios para outra empresa.
Também divulgamos informações agregadas ou desidentificadas, que não podem ser razoavelmente usadas para identificá-lo.
VII. Serviços de Publicidade e Análise Fornecidos por Terceiros
Permitimos que outras pessoas veiculem anúncios em nosso nome pela Internet e forneçam serviços de análise em nosso nome. Essas entidades usam cookies, web beacons e outras tecnologias para coletar informações sobre seu uso dos Serviços e outros sites, incluindo seu endereço IP, navegador da web, páginas visualizadas, tempo gasto em páginas, links clicados e informações de conversão. Essas informações são usadas pela
Informatica e por essas entidades para analisar e rastrear dados, determinar a popularidade de determinado conteúdo, fornecer publicidade e conteúdo direcionado aos seus interesses em nossos Serviços e outros sites e entender melhor sua atividade on-line.
Você pode controlar a aplicação de cookies de análise e publicidade de terceiros, web beacons, tecnologia de reprodução de sessão e outras tecnologias de rastreamento por meio do gerenciador de preferências de cookies disponível
aqui
. Para obter mais informações sobre cookies, incluindo como você pode optar por não receber anúncios baseados em interesses, consulte nossa Política de cookies em
https://www.informatica.com/legal/cookie-policy.html
.
VIII. Transferência Internacional de Informações
A Informatica processa informações nos Estados Unidos e em outros países. Consequentemente, nós e nossos prestadores de serviços podemos transferir suas informações para, ou armazená-las ou acessá-las em jurisdições que podem não fornecer níveis equivalentes de proteção de dados como sua jurisdição de origem. A Informatica geralmente transfere informações para afiliadas e prestadores de serviços nos Estados Unidos, Reino Unido, Índia ou Canadá, embora, em alguns casos, esses prestadores de serviços possam transferir informações para seus próprios prestadores de serviços. Implementamos proteções, incluindo regras corporativas vinculativas e cláusulas contratuais padrão, para garantir que seus dados pessoais recebam um nível adequado de proteção nas jurisdições em que são processados.
Os dados transferidos do Espaço Econômico Europeu (“EEE”) para a Informatica e entre afiliadas da Informatica fora do EEE serão processados de acordo com as Regras Corporativas Vinculativas do Controlador da Informatica, cuja cópia está disponível em
https://www.informatica.com/binding-corporate-rules.html
(as “BCRs”). As BCRs são incorporadas por referência a esta Política de Privacidade e exequíveis por você contra a Informatica. Recomendamos que você consulte as BCRs, em particular as seções V (Proteções de Proteção de Dados) e VI (A Natureza Vinculativa das BCRs), para saber mais sobre nossas atividades de tratamento sob as BCRs e os direitos que você pode ter sob as BCRs.
Os dados transferidos do EEE para prestadores de serviços em países não considerados adequados pela Comissão Europeia serão processados de acordo com as proteções apropriadas, incluindo as Cláusulas Contratuais Padrão aprovadas pela Comissão Europeia, para garantir um nível adequado de proteção. Cópias das Cláusulas Contratuais padrão que usamos para facilitar essas transferências estão disponíveis no
Anexo 2: Cláusulas contratuais padrão da Informatica
. Os dados transferidos de outras jurisdições com leis de transferência de dados aplicáveis, incluindo Brasil, Suíça e Reino Unido, para prestadores de serviços em países não considerados adequados pela autoridade de proteção de dados aplicável, também serão processados de acordo com as proteções apropriadas, incluindo as cláusulas contratuais padrão aplicáveis.
Estrutura de Privacidade de Dados UE-EUA e Extensão do Reino Unido
A Informatica LLC e suas subsidiárias nos EUA estão em conformidade com a Estrutura de Privacidade de Dados (“UE-EUA DPF”) e a extensão do Reino Unido para o UE-EUA DPF conforme estabelecido pelo Departamento de Comércio dos EUA. A Informatica LLC e suas subsidiárias nos EUA certificaram ao Departamento de Comércio dos EUA que cumprem as leis Princípios da Estrutura de Privacidade de Dados (“Princípios de DPF”) com relação ao tratamento de dados pessoais recebidos da União Europeia e do Reino Unido (coletivamente, “Dados da UE e do Reino Unido”) com base no DPF e a extensão do Reino Unido para o UE-EUA DPF. Para saber mais sobre a Estrutura de Privacidade de Dados e visualizar nossa certificação, visite o site do Departamento de Comércio
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
Encaminhe quaisquer dúvidas ou reclamações sobre nossa conformidade com os Princípios do DPF para o ponto de contato listado na seção “Controladores de seus dados pessoais” acima.
Se a Informatica não resolver sua reclamação, você poderá enviá-la gratuitamente para resolução à JAMS, o provedor independente de resolução de disputas da Estrutura de privacidade de dados da Informatica, em
https://www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-data-privacy-framework
. De acordo com certas condições especificadas pelos Princípios do DPF, você também poderá invocar arbitragem vinculativa para resolver sua reclamação. A Informatica está sujeita aos poderes de investigação e aplicação da Comissão Federal de Comércio. Se a Informatica divulgar Dados da UE e do Reino Unido a um prestador de serviços terceirizado que processe os dados exclusivamente em nome da Informatica, a Informatica poderá ser responsabilizada pelo tratamento de Dados da UE e do Reino Unido por esse terceiro que estiver em violação dos Princípios do DPF, a menos que a Informatica possa provar que não é responsável pelo evento que deu origem ao dano.
IX. Seus Direitos
Acesso e Outros Direitos do Titular dos Dados em Geral
Dependendo da sua jurisdição e sujeito aos limites da lei aplicável, você pode ter o direito de solicitar uma cópia dos dados pessoais que a Informatica detém sobre você (inclusive em um formato comumente usado, formato legível por máquina, quando aplicável, sob o direito de portabilidade de dados), correção dos dados, exclusão dos dados, e/ou restrição dos dados, bem como solicitar que a Informatica transmita seus dados pessoais para outro controlador (quando aplicável, sob o direito de portabilidade de dados), se opor ao tratamento de seus dados pessoais, ou optar por não vender ou compartilhar seus dados pessoais ou seu uso em anúncios direcionados, de acordo com os direitos disponíveis para você em sua jurisdição. Você pode enviar sua solicitação por meio de um de nossos formulários de solicitação on-line
(este formulário de solicitação
para cancelar a venda ou o compartilhamento, conforme descrito acima,
este formulário de solicitação
para todas as outras solicitações), ou enviando um e-mail para
privacy@informatica.com
, ou entrando em contato conosco no endereço listado na seção
II. Controladores dos Seus Dados Pessoais.
Quando o tratamento dos seus dados pessoais pela Informatica for baseado no seu consentimento, você também poderá ter o direito de retirar o seu consentimento a qualquer momento (sem afetar a legalidade desse tratamento antes da retirada) pelos métodos anteriores.
Solicitações de Titulares de Dados para Residentes Europeus
Se você estiver no EEE, Suíça ou Reino Unido, você tem o direito de:
solicitar uma cópia dos dados pessoais que a Informatica detém sobre você (inclusive em um formato estruturado, comumente usado e legível por máquina, quando aplicável, sob o direito de portabilidade de dados);
solicitar que a Informatica transmita seus dados pessoais para outro controlador (quando aplicável, sob o direito de portabilidade de dados);
solicitar que a Informatica corrija seus dados;
solicitar que seus dados sejam excluídos;
retirar seu consentimento, se você tiver consentido com o uso de dados pessoais para uma finalidade específica;
solicitar que seus dados sejam restritos; e
opor-se ao tratamento de seus dados pessoais;
se você estiver no EEE e tiver uma preocupação sobre nosso tratamento de dados pessoais que não possamos resolver, você tem o direito de apresentar uma reclamação à autoridade de proteção de dados onde você reside. A principal autoridade de proteção de dados da Informatica na UE/EEE é a Comissão Irlandesa de Proteção de Dados (Data Protection Commission, DPC). Para obter detalhes de contato da autoridade local de proteção de dados, consulte:
https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_en
. Se você estiver na Suíça, consulte o Comissário Federal de Proteção de Dados e Informações em
https://www.edoeb.admin.ch/edoeb/en/home.html
. Se você estiver no Reino Unido, consulte o Escritório do Comissário de Informações em
https://ico.org.uk/
.
Para dados pessoais transferidos para fora do EEE de acordo com as BCRs, você pode revisar as seções V (Proteções de Proteção de Dados) e VI (A Natureza Vinculativa das BCRs) das BRCs disponíveis on-line em
https://www.informatica.com/binding-corporate-rules.html
para obter informações adicionais sobre os direitos que você possa ter, incluindo quaisquer direitos de terceiros beneficiários.
Solicitações de Titulares de Dados para Residentes do Brasil
Além dos métodos de exercício dos direitos descritos acima, os titulares dos dados podem exercer seus direitos ou apresentar uma reclamação ou pergunta entrando em contato com o diretor de proteção de dados da Informatica no Brasil nos termos da LGPD (
infalatam@informatica.com
).
Para obter informações sobre os dados pessoais coletados e como esses dados são coletados, usados e divulgados, consulte as seções
III. Coleta de informações
,
IV. Uso das informações
e
VI. Divulgação de informações
acima. Quaisquer agentes aos quais os dados são divulgados estão contratualmente obrigados a usar os dados para executar as obrigações e fornecer os serviços e/ou produtos de acordo com os termos de seu contrato com a Informatica e implementar, manter e monitorar proteções administrativas, técnicas e organizacionais apropriadas para esses dados consistentes com os requisitos da LGPD. A transferência de dados pessoais dos titulares de dados para fora do Brasil é realizada de acordo com esta Política de Privacidade e a LGPD.
Quando a Informatica estiver sujeita aos requisitos da Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados (LGPD) do Brasil, você poderá, se achar necessário, apresentar uma reclamação junto à autoridade local de proteção de dados se achar que seus direitos de privacidade foram violados. Você pode encontrar detalhes da sua autoridade local de proteção de dados aqui: a Autoridade Nacional de Proteção de Dados (ANDP).
https://www.gov.br/anpd/pt-br
Titulares dos Dados de Quebec
Para obter informações adicionais sobre o tratamento de seus dados pessoais se você for residente de Quebec, Canadá, você pode entrar em contato com a pessoa responsável pela proteção de informações pessoais na Informatica Software Ltd. O Canadá é, por delegação, o diretor de privacidade da Informatica (
privacy@informatica.com
).
Direito a Apelação
Em algumas jurisdições, você tem o direito de apresentar um recurso dentro de um prazo razoável após receber de nós uma recusa em tomar medidas em relação à sua solicitação. Você pode enviar seu recurso por meio do nosso
formulário de solicitação on-line
, ou enviando um e-mail para
privacy@informatica.com
, ou entrando em contato conosco no endereço listado na seção
II. Controladores dos Seus Dados Pessoais.
Inclua a palavra APPEAL (apelação) em letras maiúsculas no comentário da solicitação on-line, no cabeçalho do e-mail ou no assunto da sua comunicação por escrito. Responderemos ao seu recurso em até 60 dias após o recebimento. Se você estiver insatisfeito com nossa resposta à sua apelação, pode ter o direito de recorrer a um regulador ou outro agente do governo. Os consumidores no estado da Virgínia, nos EUA, podem apresentar uma reclamação ao
procurador-geral da Virgínia.
X. Residentes da Califórnia
De acordo com a Lei de Privacidade do Consumidor da Califórnia de 2018 (California Consumer Privacy Act, “CCPA”), conforme alterada, você tem direitos específicos sobre suas informações pessoais se for residente da Califórnia (“Consumidor”), conforme descrito em mais detalhes no
Aviso aos Residentes da Califórnia
.
XI. Retenção de Dados
Armazenamos os dados pessoais que coletamos sobre você pelo tempo necessário para os fins para os quais os coletamos originalmente. Podemos reter certas informações para fins comerciais legítimos, conforme exigido por lei, ou quando necessário para preservá-las na contemplação de litígios, processos judiciais ou uma investigação. Os períodos de armazenamento são determinados caso a caso, dependendo de fatores como a natureza das informações, por que elas são coletadas e processadas, necessidades legais ou operacionais relevantes e obrigações legais.
XII. Escolhas e Meios para Controlar Seus Dados Pessoais
Você pode limitar o uso e a divulgação de seus dados pessoais conforme descrito abaixo.
Cookies and Tracking Technologies
Você pode controlar a aplicação ou optar por não usar cookies de análise e publicidade de terceiros e rastreamento de tecnologia que podem coletar dados pessoais por meio do gerenciador de preferências de cookies disponível aqui
here
.
Informações da Conta
Se você se registrou em uma conta por meio dos nossos Serviços, poderá atualizar, corrigir ou excluir as informações da sua conta fazendo login na sua conta on-line.
Informações de Localização
Alguns dos nossos aplicativos móveis coletam informações precisas de geolocalização do seu dispositivo móvel. Antes de coletar essas informações, pediremos que você concorde com a coleta dessas informações pelo aplicativo. Se você inicialmente consentir com a coleta de informações de localização, poderá interromper a coleta dessas informações por meio das configurações do sistema operacional do seu dispositivo. Você também pode interromper nossa coleta de informações de localização seguindo o processo padrão de desinstalação para remover nossos aplicativos móveis do seu dispositivo.
Comunicações Promocionais
Você pode optar por não receber comunicações promocionais da Informatica seguindo as instruções fornecidas nessas comunicações ou em
https://now.informatica.com/UnsubscribePage.html
, ou pode gerenciar suas preferências de e-mail de modo mais específico em
https://now.informatica.com/email-preference-center.html
. Observe que, se você optar por não receber comunicações promocionais, ainda poderemos enviar mensagens transacionais ou de relacionamento, como aquelas sobre sua conta ou nossas relações comerciais contínuas.
Anexo 1: Uso de Dados Pessoais
Categoria de informações pessoais
Finalidade do tratamento
Base legal para tratamento
O QUÊ
POR QUÊ
Informações que você fornece
Identificadores
como nomes.
Informações de contato
como endereço postal profissional, número de telefone, endereço de e-mail profissional, país de localização.
Sexo
Informações profissionais ou relacionadas ao emprego
, como status de emprego atual ou passado e cargo.
Estabelecer e gerenciar nosso relacionamento com nossos clientes, prestadores de serviços e outros parceiros.
Para manter e melhorar nossos Serviços.
Fornecer e entregar os produtos e serviços solicitados, processar transações, agendar reuniões e chamadas, enviar notas técnicas, documentação e extratos, enviar informações relacionadas, incluindo confirmações e faturas.
Enviar avisos técnicos, atualizações, alertas de segurança e mensagens administrativas e de suporte.
Responder às suas consultas, reclamações, comentários, perguntas e solicitações e fornecer atendimento ao cliente.
Tratamos identificadores, informações de contato, gênero e informações profissionais ou relacionadas a funcionários sobre você para promover nosso interesse legítimo em prestar serviços a você, comunicar-se adequadamente com você e responder às suas solicitações.
É concebível que, em alguns casos, para se envolver em transações com você e para processar compras e downloads de nossos produtos e serviços, precisamos processar informações sobre você conforme necessário para celebrar ou executar um contrato com você.
Preferências de marketing
incluindo as informações de contato que você gostaria que a Informatica usasse para fins de marketing, suas preferências de conteúdo de marketing e se você optou por não receber comunicações de marketing.
Comunicar-se com você sobre produtos, serviços, ofertas, promoções, recompensas e eventos oferecidos pela Informatica e outros, e fornecer notícias e informações que acreditamos que serão de seu interesse.
Processar e entregar recompensas.
Cumprir as leis e regulamentos que regem as comunicações de marketing.
Tratamos informações pessoais para atividades de marketing e vendas (incluindo eventos) em prol do nosso interesse legítimo para mantê-lo atualizado sobre desenvolvimentos relacionados a nossos produtos e serviços que possam ser de seu interesse e para cumprir as obrigações legais às quais estamos sujeitos.
Informações de comunicação
, incluindo o conteúdo da comunicação com um membro da equipe da Informatica por e-mail, telefone, preenchendo um formulário on-line ou participando de um bate-papo ou fórum on-line, no contexto de um caso de suporte, para uma consulta ou para se inscrever em um evento ou webinar.
Abordar suas solicitações, comentários, problemas, dúvidas ou preocupações.
Melhorar nossas interações com você e atender melhor às suas expectativas, particularmente no contexto de casos de suporte.
Determinar os produtos e serviços que podem ser de seu interesse e enviar comunicações de acordo com seus interesses, localização e setor.
Tratamos informações pessoais para atividades de marketing e vendas (incluindo eventos) em prol de nossos interesses legítimos para fornecer serviços e mantê-lo atualizado sobre desenvolvimentos relacionados a nossos produtos e serviços que possam ser do seu interesse.
Informações que coletamos quando você usa os Serviços:
Identifying
Metadados
de identificação, como informações de usuário (ID de usuário, nome de usuário, nome, endereço de e-mail, informações de contato, título, data do último login), endereço de protocolo de internet.
Dados de uso
relacionados ao acesso e uso de nossos produtos ou serviços em Cloud, como informações de login (endereço IP, credenciais de login, data e hora de acesso, país de localização, versão do navegador, dias ativos, tempo no local), tipo de licença e produto usado, recursos usados, botões clicados, trabalhos realizados, informações de suporte, incluindo mensagens de erro, problemas de configuração e casos de suporte relatados.
Informações comerciais
como registros de produtos ou serviços comprados ou considerados.
Informações sobre
atividades na Internet ou em outras redes eletrônicas
, como histórico de pesquisa e interação com nossos sites, serviços em Cloud e outros aplicativos ou anúncios.
Dados de geolocalização
, como a localização física de uma pessoa ou dispositivo.
Informações eletrônicas
, visuais ou outras informações semelhantes, como fotos, vídeos ou webcasts de eventos.
Inferências
retiradas das informações pessoais acima que correspondam às suas preferências, características e comportamento.
Monitorar a assinatura de nossos produtos e serviços, inclusive para garantir que sejam usados apenas por usuários licenciados, para analisar a conformidade com os termos de uso aplicáveis e para manter a segurança de nossos produtos e serviços.
Monitorar e analisar tendências agregadas, uso e atividades relacionadas aos Serviços.
Melhorar o uso e o desempenho dos Serviços e aprimorar o envolvimento e a experiência do usuário dos Serviços.
Personalizar e melhorar os Serviços (com a ajuda de provedores de serviços que realizam serviços de análise de dados em nosso nome. Consulte mais detalhes em “Serviços de publicidade e análise fornecidos por terceiros”). Desenvolver e aprimorar nossos produtos e serviços, identificar novos recursos ou funcionalidades, identificar oportunidades de clientes e usuários e fornecer anúncios, conteúdo ou recursos que correspondam aos perfis ou interesses dos usuários.
Cumprir nossas obrigações legais.
Contamos com nosso
interesse legítimo
para analisar, desenvolver, melhorar e otimizar nossos sites, instalações, produtos e serviços, e para manter a segurança de nossos sites, redes e sistemas.
Cumprimos as
obrigações legais às quais estamos sujeitos
, como uma obrigação de cumprir o processo legal ou processar uma solicitação de cancelamento.
Informações obtidas de terceiros:
Informações do seu perfil de mídia social ou compradas de fornecedores terceirizados, como provedores de serviços de enriquecimento de dados, incluindo informações sobre você, seu empregador ou a empresa à qual você é afiliado e localização aproximada.
Informações que você opta por disponibilizar publicamente em plataformas de mídia social em um contexto profissional, como nome, endereço de e-mail, cargo, nome da empresa, área de especialização e interesses profissionais.
Informações de terceiros que você autorizou a divulgar suas informações.
Atualizar, expandir e analisar nossos registros, identificar novos clientes, criar publicidade mais personalizada sobre produtos e serviços que possam ser do seu interesse.
Estamos fundamentados em nosso
interesse legítimo
para manter nossos registros de contato comercial atualizados.
Informações coletadas em nossas instalações:
Imagens de segurança de CCTV/vídeo e imagens digitais, informações de identificação (não aplicável às instalações no EEE).
Ajudar a evitar o acesso não autorizado às nossas instalações, proteger a propriedade e as informações, proteger a saúde e a segurança do nosso pessoal e visitantes e detectar e prevenir comportamento criminoso ou má conduta.
Estamos fundamentados em nosso
interesse legítimo
para manter a segurança de nossas instalações.
Retenção de informações pessoais
Hospedamos, principalmente, informações pessoais coletadas de acordo com esta Política de Privacidade nos EUA, Reino Unido, Índia e Canadá. Retemos as categorias transferidas de informações pessoais acima por um período compatível com o objetivo da transferência necessária para o tratamento pelo importador e para cumprir nossas obrigações legais e regulatórias.
Anexo 2: Cláusulas Contratuais Padrão cujo texto está disponível em
Sub-policy 2
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/:
You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Please wait while application initialize...
;
Sub-policy 3
https://www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-data-privacy-framework:
Skip to main content
Data Privacy Framework
Data Privacy Framework
Print Page
Print Page
Download page as PDF
Download page as PDF
Data Privacy Framework
Next:
Data Privacy Framework
JAMS Data Privacy
Effective July 17, 2023, the Privacy Shield Program has been replaced by the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program.
Information about the new DPF program can be found
here
.
Contact Information
msatterthwaite@jamsadr.com
Mara E. Satterthwaite, Esq.
7160 Rafael Rivera Way Suite #400 Las Vegas, NV 89113
About JAMS
JAMS successfully resolves business and legal disputes by providing efficient, cost-effective and impartial ways of overcoming barriers at any stage of conflict. JAMS offers customized, in-person, virtual and hybrid dispute resolution services through a combination of first class client service, the latest technology, top-notch facilities, and highly trained mediators and arbitrators.
Scroll to top
Scroll to top
JAMS uses cookies to give users like yourself the best possible content and experience while visiting our website.  By choosing "Accept and close", you agree to the use of all cookies on our website.  To learn more about how JAMS protects your personal information, please visit our
Privacy Policy
.  Please note, by blocking certain types of cookies, you may impact your experience of the site.
You are able to manage your personal cookie preferences at any time by visiting our
Cookie Consent Tool
.
Decline
Accept and Close
Options