VideoMax
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: 16 December 2024
Introduce
The purpose of this
VideoMax
Privacy Policy ("
Privacy Policy
") is to describe how we handle personal information about our users when they use
VideoMax
. FASTPOTATO PTE. LTD. ("we", "us", "POTATO" or "our") is the controller of Users' personal information and data and is responsible for making this Privacy Policy available to Users. This Privacy Policy is a specific supplement to the POTATO AI General Privacy Policy, which is incorporated herein by reference
Data We Collect
Data you provide to us
Data Type
Collected Data
Purpose of use
Account Data
Email Address
To deliver personalized services to you.
Payment Data
Subscription status, payment methods, subscribed packages, subscription time, and transaction ID
To facilitate VIP services and provide troubleshooting support.
Image Data
Images you provide to us, which may include photos of questions taken with your device's camera or other images you choose to upload
To enhance the quality of our Service.
Information You Provide
images, email addresses, or other content you send via email
To optimize our service and for analytical purposes.
Automatically collected data
Data Type
Collected Data
Purpose of use
Usage Data
User interaction data with the Service
To gain insights on service usage and to enhance the user experience.
Analytics Data
Crash logs and related diagnostics data
To improve your experience with the Service by ensuring stability and performance.
Device Information
application version, time zone, and random ID
To support essential features and functionalities of the Services.
Security Data
IP address (collected on the website only)
To safeguard against network attacks; for instance, severing connections in the event of attempted server attacks.
Third-Party Data
Above data will be automatically collected in process of purchasing. We use them for purpose of user support and troubleshooting only.
Third-parties collection: when you place an order on a third-party platform, your information (e.g., geolocation, cardholder last name and last four digits of Credit card) might be collected by it. To understand what information a third party may collect, please refer to the respective privacy policy.
We do not share any personally identifiable information (such as usernames and email addresses) with third-party AI model providers or developers. However, in the course of using the API for chat or content generation on
VideoMax
, third-party developers may have the ability to view and store anonymized user chat transcripts on their servers for the purposes of model training.
Additionally, we may utilize user interactions on
VideoMax
to enhance and personalize the user experience. This includes, but is not limited to, recommending the usage of other bots or suggesting discussion topics. These enhancements are conducted without disclosing any personally identifiable information to third parties.
We utilize various advertising and traffic-related APIs to enhance the user experience and improve the effectiveness of our services. These APIs enable us to analyze traffic to our users. Our partners in this endeavor are well-established platforms known for their reliability and global presence.
These platforms have a global presence and a reputable track record. They have also committed that the use and transfer of any information received from Google APIs to any other application will adhere to the Google API Services User Data Policy, including the Limited Use requirements.
This section lists the third-party APIs we use, their related privacy policy links, and a description of the services they provide.
Third-Party Provider
Service Description
Privacy Policy Link
Singular
Third-party attribution analysis for ad placements
Privacy Policy
Kling AI
Provides advanced video generation AI models
Privacy Policy
Hailuoai.video
Provides advanced video generation AI models
Privacy Policy
Please ensure you comply with the privacy policies of these third-party providers.
Cookies
Name
Purpose
Provider
Expires
3hgj7aadzg
To help us know whether cookies popovers have been shown.
VideoMax
360Days
id
To identify users' unique ID and login status.
VideoMax
360Days
token_fm63sx87pd
To collect users' UserID and DeviceID to maintain login status and improve security.
ChatMax
360Days
a5mqtrqjkh
To manage the information collection options popup
VideoMax
360Days
You can prevent the setting of cookies by adjusting the settings on your browser. However, disabling cookies may affect the functionality of this site and other websites that you visit. Therefore, it is recommended that you do not disable cookies.
DATA RETENTION
How we store your data
Your
usage data
will only be stored for no more than 48 hours, after which it will be automatically deleted.
Again, our guiding principle towards data collection is to collect only the minimal data to maintain our service. Therefore, we delete your personal data as soon as it is unnecessary to store.
Where We Store Your Data
When you use our Service, you may be using servers located in a variety of different countries. However, there is a difference between use and storage. The data we collect are mostly stored in servers located in the European Union.
Since we are a Singapore company, we may access the data outside from the EU when necessary, for example, when user support is required.
In all cases, we follow generally accepted standards and security measures to protect the personal data submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. We always strive to protect your data to the maximum extent we can.
Age Restriction
Our Service is designed for users who are at least 18 years old, or the minimum age required by local laws, whichever is higher. We do not collect age information, so it's important for you to make sure you can legally use our Service. If you are a minor in your area, please make sure you have the consent and supervision of a parent or legal guardian.
Additional Information
For detailed information regarding data security, information storage, your rights related to your personal data, and any other relevant details, please refer to the
POTATO AI General Privacy Policy
Contact Us
If you have any further questions on this Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact our Data Security Officer:
[email protected]
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.singular.net/privacy-policy/:
Skip to main content
[Live Webinar] Crushing iOS Growth in 2025
[Live Webinar] Crushing iOS Growth in 2025
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) explains how information is collected and used by Singular Labs, Inc. (“Singular” or “we”, “us”, “our”) and its subsidiaries and affiliated companies.
This Privacy Policy applies to the following:
1. The data practices on the Singular website at https://www.singular.net (“Website”).
2. The data practices relating to the unified marketing data, intelligent insights, and automation services (our “Platform”) that Singular provides its partners and customers (“Businesses”). The Platform offer a Businesses the ability to administer, measure and monitor their mobile advertising activities. Singular’s technology includes a plug-in that Business’s incorporate into their online services (which may be a website or mobile app). With the plug-in, Singular collects and process certain end-user personal data on the Business’s behalf.
3. Our relationship with representatives of our existing and prospective Businesses using our Platform.
We are committed to protecting and respecting data privacy. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully.
Personal Data Processed
We process the information you provide us when you submit an inquiry on our Website.
When you visit our Website, you can submit an inquiry through our online contact forms or through our chat-bot. You can also request a free trial of our Platform. When you contact us, you will be asked to provide information such as your name, work email address, phone number, company name and the subject of your inquiry. We refer to this entire data as “
Inquiry Information
”.
We collect and process your contact information when you engage us to use our Platform.
When a representative of an existing or prospective Business uses or wishes to use our Platform, we collect that representative’s contact details such as name, email, phone number, position and company, Platform login information, and information relating to the engagement between us and the Business which is made with the involvement of the representative. We refer to this entire data as “
Contact Information
”.
You do not have a legal obligation to provide us with your Inquiry Information or Contact Information; however, if you choose to not share this information with us we may not be able to respond to your inquiry or provide you the Platform.
The Platform we provide involves processing information of the Business’s data subjects.
In order to provide the Platform to a Business, we process personal information of the Business’s end-users. We do this as a data processor (also known as a service provider) on behalf of the Business and under the Business’s instructions.
Generally, the Platform processes personal data regarding the behavior and usage patterns of the end-users of mobile applications and other mobile properties operated by the Business. Subject to the Business’s discretion, the personal data processed by the Platform can include, among others, the end-user’s IP address, Apple’s ID for Advertising (IDFA), Google Android ID and Advertising ID for Android (AIFA), carrier user “ID”, and geo-location information.
We refer to this type of data as “
Platform Information
”.
If you are a data subject of the Platform Information (i.e., you are a Business’s end-user), and would like to obtain more information on the collection and processing of your personal data, please contact the Business which is the data controller of your personal data.
We also collect analytics information about your use of the Training Program and Website.
When you visit the Website or the Platform, we record and collect certain information about your interaction with the Website or the Platform, including the IP address from which you access the Website or Platform, time and date of access, type of browser used, language used, links clicked, and actions taken while using the Website or Platform (“
Analytics Information
“).
Data Controller and Data Processor
The Business is the data controller of the Platform Information, and Singular is its data processor.
Each Business is the data controller of its own Platform Information. They determine the purposes and means of processing that data. We only process such data based on their instructions and for the purpose of providing the Platform to them.
Singular is the data controller of Inquiry, Information Contact Information and Analytics Information
Singular is the data controller for the Inquiry Information, Contact Information and Analytics Information, as explained below.
How we process personal data
To respond to and handle your inquiry.
We process your Inquiry Information to contact you about your inquiry and handle your inquiry.
To send you administrative communications.
We process your Contact Information to send you communications and administrative emails, to manage the provision of the Platform to you and to provide you with further information and updates about Singular’s products and technology.
To send you marketing communication.
We process your Inquiry Information and Contact Information to send you marketing communications such as newsletters, know-how articles, webinar and event invitations, and other useful industry information and announcements. We will do so if we believe you might be interested in receiving these communications from us. You may unsubscribe at any time by contacting us via our online contact form available at
Contact Us
or via the unsubscribe link in each marketing communication you receive from us. If you provided your personal email address to us and we believe that you are a representative of a prospective Business, we will use the Inquiry Information and Contact Information to determine your business email address (using third party tools) so that we can communicate with you through your business email address.
To provide and maintain the Website and Platform.
We process your Analytics Information to provide, maintain and improve your user experience when accessing our Website or when using our Platform. We also will use the Analytics Information for quality assurance and for development and enhancement of the Platform.
We also process the Analytics Information to improve our email communications.
We will use the Analytics Information to prevent fraud, resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigations, enforce our terms of use for the Platform and take other actions otherwise permitted by law.
In order to provide the Platform to a Business, we process Platform Information as a data processor (also known as a service provider) on behalf of the Business and under the Business’s instructions.
Who processes your data
We will not share your information with third parties, except in the events listed below or when you provide us your explicit and informed
consent.
We will process information with our service providers helping us to operate our business.
We will process personal information with the assistance of our service providers as third parties who assist us with the internal operations of the Website and Platform. These companies are authorized to use your personal information in this context only as necessary to provide these services to us and not for their own promotional purposes. These service providers include Amazon Web Services, Inc. and Snowflake, Inc.
Our third parties are obligated to provide the same level of privacy protection.
When we disclose your personal information to third parties, we are liable for those onward transfers. We only transfer data to these service providers for limited and specific purposes under a contract, and ensure that they effectively process the personal information in a manner consistent with our obligations. The service providers are required to notify us if they can no longer meet their requirements, and upon notice take reasonable and appropriate steps to stop and remediate unauthorized processing. We can provide a summary or a representative copy of the relevant privacy provisions of our contracts with these third parties upon request to
privacy@singular.net
.
We will share information with competent authorities, if you abuse your right to use the Platform, or violate any applicable law.
If you have abused your rights to use the Website or Platform, or violated any applicable law, we will share information with competent authorities and with third parties (such as legal counsels and advisors), for the purpose of handling of the violation or breach.
We will share your information if we are legally required.
We will share information if we are required to do so by a judicial, governmental or regulatory authority.
We will share your information with our corporate group of companies.
Because we operate our business as a corporate group of companies, we may also share your information with companies in our corporate group for the same purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. They include:
Singular Labs, Ltd. (Israel)
Singular (UK) Limited
We will share your information with third parties in any event of a change in our structure.
If the operation of our business is organized within a different framework, or through another legal structure or entity (such as due to a merger or acquisition), we will share information only as required to enable the structural change in the operation of the business.
You may choose to opt out of disclosing your personal information or limiting its use.
You may choose whether your personal information is to be disclosed to a third party, or to be used for a purpose that is materially different from the purposes for which it was originally collected. To exercise that choice, send an email to
privacy@singular.net
.
We will never ask you for sensitive information (i.e. medical or health conditions, racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, etc).
Cookies
What are cookies?
Cookies are text files, comprised of small amount of data, that are saved on your computer or other device (e.g. smartphone, tablet, etc.) when you use the internet and visit various websites.
The information that the cookies maintain is read by the website you visit, during the session of your visit to the website (these are called ‘session’ cookies), and when you return to visit it again (these are called ‘persistent’ cookies). We also use techniques called web beacons and web pixels for purposes similar to the use of cookies.
We use cookies necessary to operate the Website, for website statistics, for marketing purposes and to remember your website preferences.
We use cookies for a number of purposes, as briefly explained below:
Necessary:
Cookies that are strictly necessary for the functioning of the Website. The Website cannot operate properly without these cookies. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the Website may not function properly.
Statistics:
Analytics cookies that help us understand how you and other users interact with our Website by collecting data that does not directly identify you.
Marketing:
Marketing cookies help us to deliver ads that we believe are relevant to you. For example, we may use retargeting cookies to deliver ads you receive when you visit other websites.
You can always delete or disable cookies.
You can always delete the cookies saved on your device through the settings of your computer browser or device. You can also disable cookies for future use through the settings of your computer browser or device.
Security and data retention
We will retain your Inquiry Information, Analytics Information and Contact Information for as long as we need it for business purposes, and thereafter as needed for record-keeping matters.
We will retain Inquiry Information, Analytics Information and Contact Information for the duration needed to support our ordinary business activities operating the Website and Platform. Thereafter, we will still retain it as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, establish and defend legal claims and enforce our agreements.
We will retain Business Information in accordance with the Business’s instructions and only while the Business uses the Platform.
We will retain Business Information pursuant to the Business instructions, and only for the duration needed to provide the Platform to you. Upon the termination of the agreement with us for the provision of the Platform, we will return or delete you Business Information, unless we are required to retain such information under applicable law.
We implement measures to secure your Information.
We implement measures to reduce the risks of damage, loss of information and unauthorized access or use of information. However, these measures do not provide absolute information security. Therefore, although efforts are made to secure personal information, it is not guaranteed, and you cannot expect that the Website or Platform will be immune from information security risks.
International Data transfers
We will internationally transfer information in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
If we transfer your personal data for processing at locations outside your jurisdiction, we will abide by data transfer rules applicable to these situations.
Additional information for individuals in the EU, UK or Switzerland
Singular is the data controller of the Inquiry Information, Contact Information and Analytics Information.
The following is the contact information of Singular as the primary data controller of the Inquiry Information, Contact Information, and Analytics Information:
Singular Labs, Inc.
181 South Park Street, Unit 2
San Francisco, CA 94107
United States of America
Email:
privacy@singular.net
For any additional inquiries, contact Eran Friedman at
eran@singular.net
Legal basis under EU law for processing your personal data.
The legal basis for processing Analytics Information is our legitimate interest in maintaining, developing and enhancing the Website and the Platform.
The legal basis for processing your Inquiry Information for the purpose of responding to and handling your inquiry is our legitimate interests in responding to your inquiry.
The legal basis for processing your Contact Information and Inquiry Information for the purpose of marketing our services or offering the Platform to you is our legitimate interests in developing and maintaining our business relationship with you as a representative of an existing or prospective Business.
The legal basis for processing your Analytics Information for the purpose of handling instances of abusive use of the Platform is our legitimate interests in defending and enforcing against violations and breaches that are harmful to our business.
The legal basis for processing your information where we are legally required to share it, is our legitimate interests in complying with mandatory legal requirements imposed on us.
The legal basis for processing your information in the event of a change in our corporate structure is our legitimate interests in our business continuity.
With respect to Singular’s processing of your Inquiry Information, Contact Information and Analytics Information, you have certain rights to access, update or delete information, obtain a copy of your information, withdraw your consent and object or restrict certain data processing activities.
If you are in the EU, UK or Switzerland, you have the following rights under the GDPR in relation to Singular’s processing of your Inquiry Information, Contact Information and Analytics Information:
Right to Access
your personal data that we process and receive a copy of it.
Right to Rectify
inaccurate personal data we have concerning you and to have incomplete personal data completed.
Right to Data Portability
, that is, to receive the personal data that you provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. You have the right to transmit this data to another service provider. Where technically feasible, you have the right that your personal data be transmitted directly from us to the service provider you designate.
Right to Object
, based on your particular situation, to using your personal data on the basis of our legitimate interest, including processing your information for marketing communications. However, in cases other than processing your information for marketing communications, we may override the objection if we demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds, or for the establishment, exercise of defense of legal claims. You may also object at any time to the use of your personal data for direct marketing purposes.
Right to Restrict
the processing your personal data (except for storing it) if you contest the accuracy of your personal data, for a period enabling us to verify its accuracy; if you believe that the processing is unlawful and you oppose the erasure of the personal data and request instead to restrict its use; if we no longer need the personal data for the purposes outlined in this Policy, but you require them to establish, exercise or defense relating to legal claims, or if you object to processing, pending the verification whether our legitimate grounds for processing override yours.
Right to be Forgotten
. Under certain circumstances, such as when you object to us processing your data and we have no compelling legitimate grounds to override your objection, you have the right to ask us to erase your personal data. However, we may still process your personal data if it is necessary to comply with a legal obligation we are subject to under laws in EU Member States, the UK and Switzerland, or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
If you wish to exercise any of these rights, contact us at
privacy@singular.net
.
We reserve the right to ask for reasonable evidence to verify your identity before we provide you with information. Where we are not able to provide you the information that you have asked for, we will explain the reason for this.
If you are the data subject of the Business Information we process on behalf of a Business, and would like to exercise any of your EU, UK or Switzerland rights, please contact the Business.
You have a right to submit a complaint to the relevant supervisory data protection authority.
Subject to applicable law, you have the right to lodge a complaint with your local data protection authority. If you are in the EU, UK or Switzerland, then according to Article 77 of the GDPR, you can lodge a complaint to the supervisory authority, in particular in the Member State of your residence, place of work or place of alleged infringement of the GDPR.
In the United Kingdom, this is the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO)
– Water Lane, Wycliffe House, Wilmslow – Cheshire SK9 5AF
– Tel. 0303 123 1113.
– Website:
https://ico.org.uk/
For a list of national supervisory authorities in the member states of the European Economic Area and their contact information, click here:
https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/about-edpb/members_en
CPRA Information for consumers residing in California
If you are an individual residing in California, we provide you with the following information pursuant to the California Privacy Rights Act (CPRA).
We do not collect, use, or disclose sensitive personal information.
This is the personal information we have collected over the past 12 months when we operate as a “business” under the CPRA:
Categories of Personal Information
Specific Types of Personal Information Collected
Source of Information
Identifiers
Name, work email address, phone number (within Inquiry information, and Contact Information)
Platform login information (within Contact Information)
The consumer themselves
Information that identifies, relates to, describes, or is capable of being associated with, a particular individual
Subject of your inquiry (within Inquiry information and Contact Information)
The consumer themselves
Professional or employment-related information
Company name and position (within Inquiry information and Contact Information)
The consumer themselves or the Business they are associated with
Commercial information, including products or services purchased, obtained, or considered
Subject of your inquiry expressing interest in our Platform
Information relating to the engagement between us and the Business which is made with the involvement of the consumer as a representative of the Business
The consumer themselves or the Business they are associated with
Internet or other electronic network activity information
IP address from which you access the Website or Platform, time and date of access, type of browser used, language used, links clicked, and actions taken while using the Website or Platform
The consumer’s device
The following are the CPRA specific business or commercial purposes for which we use each category of personal information. Details about the information we collect for each category are provided in the table above. More details about the business or commercial purposes are provided in the Privacy Policy’s section titled ‘HOW WE PROCESS PERSONAL DATA’:
Categories of Personal Information
Business or commercial purposes pursuant to the CPRA
Identifiers
Professional or employment-related information
Commercial information, including products or services purchased, obtained, or considered
Information that identifies, relates to, describes, or is capable of being associated with, a particular individual
Providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information
Auditing related to a current interaction with the consumer who is a job applicant
Processing transactions and verifying customer information
Internet or other electronic network activity information
Detecting security incidents, protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity, prosecuting those responsible for that activity
Undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration
Undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality of the service and to improve, upgrade or enhance the service
Debugging to identify and repair errors
The chart below explains the personal information we disclosed for a business purpose to third parties in the preceding 12 months:
Categories of personal information (under the CPRA)
Categories of third parties to whom we disclose your information and the specific business or commercial purpose for the disclosure
Identifiers
Professional or employment-related information
Commercial information, including products or services purchased, obtained, or considered
Information that identifies, relates to, describes, or is capable of being associated with, a particular individual
Internet or other electronic network activity information
With outside legal counsels and authorities, for the purpose of responding to, handling, and mitigating suspected violations of law in connection with our business.
With third parties to which a law or binding order requires us to disclose your information to. Our purpose in doing so is complying with our obligations under the law or the binding order.
With the target entity of our merger, acquisition or reorganization, and legal counsels, and advisors, for the purpose of facilitating the structural change in the operation of our business within a different framework, or through another legal structure or entity (such as due to a merger or acquisition).
The chart below explains about the personal information we shared for online behaviorally targeted ads in the preceding 12 months. Other than this sharing, we have not sold your personal information in the preceding 12 months.
We do not have actual knowledge that we share the personal information of consumers under 16 years of age.
Categories of personal information
Categories of third parties to whom the information is shared for online behaviorally-targeted ads, and the specific business or commercial purpose for sharing
Internet Protocol (IP) address identifier that your device uses to connect to the internet, and mobile device advertising ID
Internet or other electronic network activity information
Location data
Inferences
Advertising networks, to show you ads based on your visit to our Website.
The following rights apply only to a California resident who is not a representative of a Business receiving a product or service from Singular and only in relation to personal information that is not in the context of the Business receiving a product or service from Singular:
Categories of Personal Information
Business or commercial purposes pursuant to the CPRA
Disclosure of Personal Information We Collect About You
You have the right to know:
·  The categories of personal information we have collected about you;
·  The categories of sources from which the personal information is collected;
·  Our business or commercial purpose for collecting personal information;
·  The categories of third parties with whom we share personal information, if any;
·  The specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.
Right to Deletion
Subject to certain exceptions set out below, on receipt of a verifiable request from you, we will:
·  Delete your personal information from our records; and
·  Direct any service providers to delete your personal information from their records.
Please note that we may not delete your personal information if it is necessary to:
·  Complete the transaction for which the personal information was collected, fulfill the terms of a written warranty or product recall conducted in accordance with federal law, provide a good or service requested by you, or reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform a contract between you and us;
·  Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity; or prosecute those responsible for that activity;
·  Debug to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality;
·  Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise his or her right of free speech, or exercise another right provided for by law;
·  Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act;
·  Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research that adheres or conforms to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when our deletion of the information is likely to render impossible or seriously impair the achievement of such research, provided we have obtained your informed consent;
·  Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with your expectations based on your relationship with us and compatible with the context in which you provided the information; or
·  Comply with an existing legal obligation.
We also will deny your request to delete if it proves impossible or involves disproportionate effort, or if another exception to the CPRA applies. We will provide you a detailed explanation that includes enough facts to give you a meaningful understanding as to why we cannot comply with the request to delete your information.
Right to correct inaccurate personal information
If we receive a verifiable request from you to correct your information and we determined the accuracy of the corrected information you provide, we will correct inaccurate personal information that we maintain about you.
In determining the accuracy of the personal information that is the subject of your request to correct, we will consider the totality of the circumstances relating to the contested personal information.
We also may require that you provide documentation if we believe it is necessary to rebut our own documentation that the personal information is accurate.
We may deny your request to correct in the following cases:
• We have a good-faith, reasonable, and documented belief that your request to correct is fraudulent or abusive.
• We determine that the contested personal information is more likely than not accurate based on the totality of the circumstances.
• Conflict with federal or state law.
• Other exception to the CPRA.
• Inadequacy in the required documentation
• Compliance proves impossible or involves disproportionate effort.
We will provide you a detailed explanation that includes enough facts to give you a meaningful understanding as to why we cannot comply with the request to correct your information.
Right to Opt-Out of the Sharing of Personal Information
We share your personal information for behaviorally-targeted ads, as explained above. You have a right to opt-out of that sharing. If you would like to exercise your right to opt-out, please send an email to
privacy@singular.net
.
Protection Against Discrimination
You have the right to not be discriminated against by us because you exercised any of your rights under the CPRA. This means we cannot, among other things:
·  Deny goods or services to you;
·  Charge different prices or rates for goods or services, including through the use of discounts or other benefits or imposing penalties;
·  Provide a different level or quality of goods or services to you; or
·  Suggest that you will receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
Please note that we may charge a different price or rate or provide a different level or quality of goods and/or services to you, if that difference is reasonably related to the value provided to our business by your personal information.
Disclosures to third parties
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 (and other, similar state statutes) permits our customers who are California residents (or residents of states with similar legislation) to request certain information regarding our disclosure of Personal Data to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to privacy@connatix.com. Please note that we are only required to respond to one request per customer each year.
Exercising your rights
If you would like to exercise any of your CPRA rights as described above, you should email us to:
privacy@singular.net
You may designate an authorized agent to make a request under the CPRA on your behalf. To do so, you need to provide the authorized agent with written permission to do so and the agent will need to submit to us proof that they have been authorized by you. We will also require that you verify your own identity, as explained below.
We may ask you for additional information to confirm your identity and for security purposes, before disclosing the personal data requested to you, by using two or three points of the data verification process, depending on the type of information you require.
Data Privacy Framework
We comply with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.
We have certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that we adhere to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.
We have certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that we adhere to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF.
We are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC). In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, we commit to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to ICDR-AAA, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://go.adr.org/dpf_irm.html
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of ICDR-AAA are provided at no cost to you.
For complaints regarding DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms, you have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration. Before you can invoke this binding arbitration mechanism, you must take the following steps:
(1) raise the claimed violation directly with us, and give us an opportunity to resolve the issue within 45 days;
(2) make use of the independent dispute resolution mechanism explained above, which is at no cost to you; and
(3) raise the issue through your Data Protection Authority to the U.S. Department of Commerce and give the Department of Commerce an opportunity to use best efforts to resolve the issue.
If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) Program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
Limited Use Policy in Relation to Google APIs
Our use and transfer to any other app of information received from Google APIs will adhere to
Google API Services User Data Policy
, including the Limited Use requirements.
Privacy Notice in Relation to Children’s Privacy
For children’s privacy information, refer to our Children’s Privacy Notice here:
www.singular.net/children-privacy-notice
Changes to this privacy notice
If we change this Privacy Policy, we will make efforts to proactively notify you of such changes.
From time to time, we may change this Privacy Policy. If we do so, we will make efforts to proactively notify you of such changes. In any event, the latest version of the Privacy Policy will always be accessible at
https://www.singular.net/privacy-policy
.
Last Updated: February 9, 2025
English
Portuguese
Spanish
Chinese
Korean
English
Portuguese
Spanish
Chinese
Korean
Sub-policy 2
https://hailuoai.video/doc/privacy-policy.html:
Hailuo AI Video Privacy Policy
Last modified: [09/15/2024]
Introduction
Nanonoble Pte. Ltd. (
"Company"
or
"We"
) respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy.
This policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit the website
https://hailuoai.video/
(our "
Website
") and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information.
This policy applies to information we collect:
On this Website.
In email, text, and other electronic messages between you and this Website.
Through mobile and desktop applications you download from this Website, which provide dedicated non-browser-based interaction between you and this Website.
When you interact with our advertising and applications on third-party websites and services, if those applications or advertising include links to this policy.
It does not apply to information collected by:
Us offline or through any other means, including on any other website operated by Company or any third party (including our affiliates and subsidiaries); or
Any third party (including our affiliates and subsidiaries), including through any application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from or through the Website.
Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Website. By accessing or using this Website, you agree to this privacy policy. This policy may change from time to time. Your continued use of this Website after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.
Children Under the Age of 16
Our Website is not intended for children under 16 years of age. No one under age 16 may provide any personal information to the Website. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 16. If you are under 16, do not use or provide any information on this Website or through any of its features, register on the Website, make any purchases through the Website, use any of the interactive or public comment features of this Website, or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, email address, or any screen name or user name you may us. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 16 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 16, please contact us at contact@hailuoai.com .
Information We Collect About You and How We Collect It
We collect several types of information from and about users of our Website, including information:
By which you may be personally identified, such as your user name, email address, telephone number, or any other identifier by which you may be contacted ("
personal information
");
That is about you but individually does not identify you, such as your device information; and/or
About your internet connection, the equipment you use to access our Website, and usage details.
We collect this information:
Directly from you when you provide it to us.
Automatically as you navigate through the site. Information collected automatically may include usage details, IP addresses, and information collected through cookies.
Information You Provide to Us
The information we collect on or through our Website may include:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our Website. This includes information provided at the time of registering to use our Website, subscribing to our service, uploading or posting material, or requesting further services. We may also ask you for information when you report a problem with our Website.
Records and copies of your correspondence (including email addresses), if you contact us.
You also may provide information to be published or displayed (hereinafter, "
posted
") on public areas of the Website, or transmitted to other users of the Website or third parties (collectively, "
User Contributions
"). Your User Contributions are posted on and transmitted to others at your own risk. Although, please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. Additionally, we cannot control the actions of other users of the Website with whom you may choose to share your User Contributions. Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that your User Contributions will not be viewed by unauthorized persons.
Information We Collect Through Automatic Data Collection Technologies
As you navigate through and interact with our Website, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns, including:
Details of your visits to our Website, including traffic data, location data, logs, and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Website.
Information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system, and browser type.
The information we collect automatically is only statistical data and does not include personal information, but we may maintain it or associate it with personal information we collect in other ways or receive from third parties. It helps us to improve our Website and to deliver a better and more personalized service, including by enabling us to:
Estimate our audience size and usage patterns.
Store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our Website according to your individual interests.
Speed up your searches.
Recognize you when you return to our Website.
The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include:
Cookies (or browser cookies).
A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our Website. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Website. For information about managing your privacy and security settings for cookies, see Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information.
Web Beacons.
Pages of our Website may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit the Company, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
How We Use Your Information
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information:
To present our Website and its contents to you.
To provide you with information, products, or services that you request from us.
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it.
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection.
To notify you about changes to our Website or any products or services we offer or provide though it.
In any other way we may describe when you provide the information.
For any other purpose with your consent.
Disclosure of Your Information
We may disclose aggregated information about our users without restriction.
We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this privacy policy:
To our subsidiaries and affiliates.
To contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business.
To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our company's assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by us about our Website users is among the assets transferred.
To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it.
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
With your consent.
We may also disclose your personal information:
To comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.
To enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes.
If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of our company, our customers, or others.
Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information:
Tracking Technologies and Advertising.
You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this site may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
We do not control third parties' collection or use of your information to serve interest-based advertising. However these third parties may provide you with ways to choose not to have your information collected or used in this way.
Your State Privacy Rights
California, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Florida, Indiana, Iowa, Montana, Oregon, Tennessee, Texas, Utah, and Virginia provide (now or in the future) their state residents with rights to:
Confirm whether we process their personal information.
Access and delete certain personal information.
Correct inaccuracies in their personal information, taking into account the information's nature processing purpose (excluding Iowa and Utah).
Data portability.
Opt-out of personal data processing for:
targeted advertising (excluding Iowa);
sales; or
profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects (excluding Iowa and Utah).
Either limit (opt-out of) or require consent to process sensitive personal data.
The exact scope of these rights may vary by state. To exercise any of these rights submit a request using our Contact Information listed below.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
It is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page. If we make material changes to how we treat our users' personal information, we will notify you by email to the email address specified in your account or through a notice on the Website. The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable email address for you if you have a registered account, and for periodically visiting our Website and this privacy policy to check for any changes.
Contact Information
To ask questions or comment about this privacy policy and our privacy practices, contact us at:
contact@hailuoai.com
Sub-policy 3
https://aichatmax.com/videomax/general-privacy-policy:
POTATO AI General Privacy Policy
Last Updated: 21 November 2024
Introduce
This Privacy Policy applies to all activities conducted by FASTPOTATO PTE. LTD. and its AI affiliates and subsidiaries (collectively, 'POTATO' or 'we'), except for PotatoVPN. POTATO is the controller of Users' personal information and data and is responsible for providing Users with this Privacy Policy. In the event of a conflict between the privacy policies of all POTATO-owned AI products and this Privacy Policy, this document shall prevail.
Data We Collect
Information Collection Overview
In the course of providing our services, POTATO may collect and process the following information from users to enhance user experience and ensure the stability and security of our services.
Information You Provide
Account Data :
We collect your email address to deliver personalized services to you.
Payment Data :
This includes your subscription status, payment methods, subscribed packages, subscription time, and transaction ID, which we use to facilitate VIP services and provide troubleshooting support.
Image Data :
Images you provide, which may include photos taken with your device's camera or other images you choose to upload, are used to enhance the quality of our service.
Document Data :
The files you upload, which may include PDFs and other formats, enable us to provide specific features such as document processing and improve overall service quality.
Other Information You Provide :
Messages, images, email addresses, or other content you send via email, used to optimize our service and for analytical purposes.
Automatically Collected Data
Cookies :
We use cookies to store user preferences, recognize user sessions, analyze traffic, and gather information on user interactions with our services. This helps us improve the overall user experience and provide targeted services.
Usage Data :
User interaction data with the service, used to gain insights into service usage and enhance the user experience.
Analytics Data :
Crash logs and related diagnostics data, used to improve your experience with the service by ensuring stability and performance.
Device Information :
Data such as device model, operating system version, application version, time zone, and random ID, which support essential features and functionalities of the services.
Security Data :
IP address (collected on the website only) to safeguard against network attacks, for instance, severing connections in the event of attempted server attacks.
By collecting and processing this information, we aim to provide a higher quality, personalized, and secure service experience for our users, while continuously optimizing and improving our service features.
For detailed information regarding the data collection practices specific to each product, please refer to the respective product's privacy policy document.
How we share your data
At FASTPOTATO PTE. LTD. (POTATO), we prioritize the privacy and security of your personal information. Here's a summary of our data-sharing practices to ensure transparency:
We collect and utilize user data primarily for customer support, improving service functionality, and troubleshooting issues. Importantly, we do not share personally identifiable information (such as usernames or email addresses) with third-party AI model providers or developers. However, when leveraging third-party APIs for services like chat or content generation, these third-party developers may access anonymized user data for model training and improvement.
When you engage with third-party platforms, such as placing an order through them, those platforms may collect certain information about you. We encourage users to review the privacy policies of these third parties to understand their data collection practices.
Additionally, to enhance your user experience, we may use aggregated data to personalize the services we provide, such as recommending additional tools or suggesting relevant topics of discussion. This process does not involve disclosing any personal information to external parties.
For advertising and traffic analytics, we collaborate with reputable third-party providers. These partners are selected based on their reliability and global presence, and they adhere to strict privacy standards, including the Limited Use requirements of the Google API Services User Data Policy. Such analytics help us optimize service performance and better understand user engagement without compromising your privacy.
As part of our commitment to transparency and data protection, we ensure that any sharing of data is done in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, and with clearly defined purposes that align with enhancing your experience with our services.
For detailed information regarding the third-party data collection practices and privacy policies specific to each product, please refer to the respective product's privacy policy document.
Data Security
We use exceptionally strong safeguards to protect the privacy of all our records, including your Personal Data, including:
We implement physical, business and technical security measures.
We periodically review our information collection, storage and processing methods to prevent unauthorised access to our systems.
Our Data Security Officer assesses the security of internal and external information processing and corrects misbehaviour in a timely manner.
Data security training is required for all employees.
A dedicated data incident response procedure is in place to identify and recover from vulnerabilities in the event of a security incident.
DATA RETENTION
How we store your data
Your
usage data
will only be stored for no more than 48 hours, after which it will be automatically deleted.
Again, our guiding principle towards data collection is to collect only the minimal data to maintain our service. Therefore, we delete your personal data as soon as it is unnecessary to store.
Where We Store Your Data
When you use our Service, you may be using servers located in a variety of different countries. However, there is a difference between use and storage. The data we collect are mostly stored in servers located in the European Union.
Since we are a Singapore company, we may access the data outside from the EU when necessary, for example, when user support is required.
In all cases, we follow generally accepted standards and security measures to protect the personal data submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. We always strive to protect your data to the maximum extent we can.
COUNTRY-SPECIFIC PROVISIONS
In addition to the general privacy practices outlined in our Privacy Policy, certain jurisdictions impose additional legal requirements and obligations. The following country-specific provisions are intended to address and comply with these local laws. Users residing in the European Union and California should review these sections carefully to understand their rights and our obligations under the General Data Protection Regulation (
GDPR
) and the California Consumer Privacy Act (
CCPA
), respectively.
Your Rights Under
GDPR
The General Data Protection Regulation (
GDPR
) of the European Union (EU) requires us to specifically underline users' rights in the EU, which are:
The right to be informed.
The right to access.
The right of rectification.
The right to erasure, or the right to be forgotten.
The right to restrict processing.
The right to data portability.
The right to object.
Rights in relation to automated decision-making and profiling.
Legal Basis
POTATO is committed to user privacy globally, and our existing practices reflect that through minimal collection of data and ensuring users have control over their personal information. GDPR requires us to outline those practices in a specific manner for users in the EU.
In line with the GDPR, we collect and process the data outlined in this Privacy Policy on one of the following bases, depending on the circumstances:
For the purposes of fulfilling our contractual obligations to users, including:
Providing users with the Services and Apps they have requested.
Managing user subscriptions and processing payments.
Providing customer support.
For a legitimate interest associated with the operation of our business, including:
Enhancing the quality, reliability, and effectiveness of our Site, Services, and Apps.
Communicating with customers to provide information and seek feedback related to our Services and Apps.
You can exercise your rights under GDPR to access, transfer, correct, delete, or object to the processing of your personal information by contacting us at
support@aichatmax.com
.
Your Rights Under
CCPA
If you are a California resident, your privacy rights are outlined in the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA). As per definitions in CCPA, POTATO does not sell your personal information to non-affiliated third parties.
If you would like to know further information regarding your legal rights under California law or would like to exercise any of them, please contact us at:
support@aichatmax.com
.
Age Restriction
We are committed to protecting the privacy and security of minors. Our services are intended to be used by individuals who meet the minimum age requirement as specified by local laws. The specific age restrictions for each product may vary; therefore, we encourage you to refer to the respective product's privacy policy for detailed information.
We do not actively collect age information. It is your responsibility to ensure that you are legally permitted to use our services. If you are a minor in your jurisdiction, please ensure that you have obtained consent and are under the supervision of a parent or legal guardian.
your rights
You have the right to access, correct, delete, or object to the processing of your personal information by contacting us at
support@aichatmax.com
.
It should be noted that you may make up to 3 requests to us per year and we may charge a reasonable fee for each additional request to exercise any such right during such 12-month period. We will respond to your request within 30 days. If reasonably necessary, we may extend this by a further 30 days on notice to you.
However, deleting information may prevent you from continuing using our Services.
Privacy Policy Updates
POTATO may update this Privacy Policy from time to time for reasons such as changes in laws, industry standards, and business practices. POTATO will post updates to this page and update the "Last Updated" date above. If we make updates that materially alter your privacy rights, we will also provide you with advance notice, such as via email or through the Services. If you disagree with such an update to this policy, you may cancel your services account. If you do not cancel your account before the date the update becomes effective, your continued use of our services will be subject to the updated Privacy Policy.
Contact Us
If you have any further questions on this Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact our Data Security Officer:
datasecurity@aichatmax.com