Privacy Policy
Introduction
SUGARFUN GAME LIMITED and its affiliates (“SUGARFUN”, “we”, “us”, or “our”) value the privacy of persons who access and/or use (“you” or “Users”) our online games (“SUGARFUN Games”) on our platforms (“SUGARFUN Platforms”) and other related services, including but not limited to customer supporting, marketing, and advertising, (collectively, the “Services”). This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) provides important information regarding SUGARFUN’s collection, use, sharing, storing, and managing of your information and data when you using or accessing our Services.
We provide this Privacy Policy to help you make an informed choice about whether to use or continue using our Services. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into, forms part of and is subject to the Terms of Service. By agreeing to and accepting the Terms of Service, you have agreed that SUGARFUN may collect, use, share, store and manage your information and data in accordance with the Privacy Policy.
We may periodically update this Privacy Policy by posting a new version on our website. You agree to check the notices on SUGARFUN’s official website, SUGARFUN Platforms or SUGARFUN Games to learn about such amendments before use our Services. Amendments to the Privacy Policy will be effective upon the posting of such amendments. Your continued use of the Services after the effective date will be subject to the new version of Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the amended Privacy Policy, please immediately stop accessing the Services.
Any terms not defined herein but defined in the Privacy Policy shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in the Terms of Service.
Collection of Your Information and Data
1. Information and data provided by you
When you visit SUGARFUN Platforms, you will be invited to create an account of SUGARFUN Games (“SUGARFUN Account”). If you select to create a SUGARFUN Account, you will be asked to provide personal information conditioned on your consent and confirmation. Such personal information includes:
Contact information (e.g., your name, birth date, age, gender, postal or e-mail address)
User name, password and reminder questions and answers to recover password
Character Information (e.g., Account ID, character name, profile picture.)
Personal content preferences
Profile information (e.g., profile photo)
Messages to the Services (e.g., chat logs, your support tickets)
Billing and financial information
Other data that you voluntarily provide
2. Information and data collected automatically in Services
Information and data about your SUGARFUN Account
Internet Protocol (IP) address, web request, domain name, URLs, referring/exit pages, platform type and mobile device identifiers (e.g., your device ID, advertising ID, MAC address, IMEI)
Information and data about your device (e.g., device name, operating system, browser type and language)
Information and data we collect with cookies and similar technologies
Location Information and data
Information and data about your use of the Services
3. Information and data collected by third parties
When you access any third party services in our Services, third party service providers may collect the following information and data based on their privacy policies
Demographic information and data (e.g., determination of your IP address)
Information and data we collect with cookies and similar technologies
Information and data to fight against fraud (e.g., refund abuse in games or click fraud in advertising)
Information and data we collect with cookies and similar technologies
Information and data associated with your browser, operation system and ISP
Information and data to do advertising, marketing, and analysis
4. You fully understand that our collection and use of the following information does not need your authorization and consent:
Information and data that is necessary to protect the material interests of your life and property, for which your consent is difficult to obtain
Information and data voluntarily disclosed by you to the public
Information and data collected from public sources
Information and data that is required by you to enter into agreements with SUGARFUN
Information and data that is necessary to maintain and improve Services
Information and data that is required by the applicable laws and regulations
How to Use Your Personal Information and Data
We will use your personal information in the following ways:
Registration Information: We use Registration Information to set-up user accounts, allow users to log-in to SUGARFUN Platforms and SUGARFUN Games and provide Services to users.
Device and Browser Information: We use this information to provide and improve the Services, including to allow users to download and install SUGARFUN Platforms and SUGARFUN Games on their devices and browsers; to record and keep track of requests from users of SUGARFUN Platforms and SUGARFUN Games; to detect the user network and device status when the user is using SUGARFUN Platforms and SUGARFUN Games; and to correct bugs or errors that occur when the user is using SUGARFUN Platforms and SUGARFUN Games.
Physical Location: We use this information to provide some location-based services such as forming a team with people nearby.
User Profile: We use this information to provide customized services to users such as a personal information page.
Game Data (e.g., Level, Score, in-game messages, etc.): We use this information to provide Services as part of SUGARFUN Platforms and SUGARFUN Games.
We use Registration Information, Physical Location, Social ID, and User Profile based upon your consent to this Privacy Policy. You have your right to withdraw your consent at any time by cancelling your account and/or exercising the rights set out under “Your Rights” below. Our use of Device Information, Game Data and Payment Information is necessary to perform our contract with you to provide SUGARFUN Platforms and SUGARFUN Games and Services.
How We Store Your Information and Data
Your information and data will be restored at our servers. The location(s) of the servers used to provide Services to you depend upon your location. When you log in SUGARFUN Platforms or SUGARFUN Games, your Registration Information will be safely transferred to SUGARFUN Platforms or SUGARFUN Games, to save the time for you in repeatedly inputting information in different SUGARFUN Platforms or SUGARFUN Games.
We will retain your information and data for the lifetime of your use of the Services (i.e. until account deletion in accordance with your request).
In certain cases, your information and data may be required to be retained for longer periods under applicable laws and regulations. If you request us to erase your personal information (see “Your Rights” below), we will do so in accordance with local laws and regulations.
When erasing your information and data, technical measures will be taken to make the personal information irrecoverable.
How We Disclose or Transfer Your Information and Data
a) Disclose
In order to provide Services to you, it is necessary for us to disclose your information and data (on a confidential basis) to certain third parties outside your home country. We disclose your information and data to group companies of SUGARFUN, as well as certain third parties inside and outside your country, including:
Third parties that provide services in support of our Services;
Law enforcement agencies, public authorities, judicial bodies, and certain private-sector organizations, if we are legally required to do so, or if we believe that such sharing is reasonably necessary to:
- comply with a legal obligation, process, or request;
- enforce our terms of service and other agreements, policies, and standards, including investigation of any potential violation thereof;
- detect, prevent or otherwise address security, fraud or technical issues; or - protect the rights, property or safety of us, our users, a third party or the public as required or permitted by law (including exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection); and - any third party that acquires all or substantially all of us or our business, provided that ongoing use of your personal information by such a third party will remain subject to this Privacy Policy.
Guardians who submit requests under the applicable laws and regulations.
SUGARFUN can also disclose your information and data or share the same with a third party under the following circumstances:
To protect the public interests under urgent circumstances;
To protect the legitimate rights and interests of SUGARFUN.
b) Transfer
We will not transfer your information and data to any companies, organizations for persons unless under the following circumstances:
with your express consent or authorization;
to comply with requirements under the applicable laws, regulations, administrative or judicial orders;
based on the agreements with you.
USE OF COOKIES
SUGARFUN Platforms and SUGARFUN Games may use “cookies” to save you time and personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. A cookie tells the web server that you have returned to a specific page and helps the web server to recall your customized features.
You could accept or decline cookies based on instructions provided by SUGARFUN. However, if you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to experience certain interactive features of the Services.
We may use third parties to better understand your user preferences and deliver targeted advertisements to you. These third parties may also place cookies on your computer. This policy does not apply to, and SUGARFUN is not responsible for, cookies placed or data collected by such third parties.
Your Rights
You have the following rights in relation to the personal information we hold about you:
Access: You have the right to access your information and data we hold about you, how we use it, and who we share it with.
Correction: You have the right to correct any inaccurate personal information that we hold about you.
Erasure: You can request deletion of your account, or removal of certain personal information. Your right to erasure may be limited where we have another legal basis to retain the information, or where the information has been made public.
Restriction of Processing: You may request that we stop processing your information and data (a) while we verify whether your information and data is accurate or (b) in certain circumstances where you wish us to stop processing and retain information rather than deleting it.
Objection: You may object to processing of your information and data for marketing purposes, and if you do so we will stop any marketing to you. This right does not apply to service-related announcements, such as notices of temporary suspension of access to our Services for maintenance, or security, privacy, or administrative communications.
Security of Your Information and Data
We are committed to maintaining the privacy and integrity of your information and data no matter where it is stored. We also protect data, using technological protection measures such as encryption. We cannot, however, ensure or warrant the security of any information you disclose on, through or within the Services and you do so entirely at your own risk. Please note that we cannot guarantee that such information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards.
Any transmission of your information and data to our Services is at your own risk. We rely on you to select secure passwords, to protect those passwords, and to use appropriate security software on your devices.