PRIVACY POLICY
Your privacy is important to us. Sometimes we need the information to provide better services as you requested, This privacy statement applies to our Developer Apps.
OVERVIEW
Our Apps takes the privacy of our customers and users seriously. We recognize that privacy is an important issue, so we design and operate our services with the protection of your privacy in mind. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, share and protect information in relation to our mobile services. This Privacy Policy also explains your choices for managing your information preferences. By using our services, you consent to this privacy policy.
INFORMAATION COLLECTION, USE & SHARE
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared. What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data. The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information. How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone. We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order. Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Security We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the Web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information.
The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS & LAW ENFORCEMENT
We cooperate with government and law enforcement officials to enforce and comply with the law. We may therefore disclose Personal Information, Usage Data, Message Data, and any other information about you, if we have a good faith belief that it is reasonably necessary to (1) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request, (2) enforce our Terms of Use, including investigation of potential violations thereof, (3) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, its users or the public as required or permitted by law.
CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
Our Apps does not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of 13. If you are under 13, please do not attempt to register or send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. By using our Site or Services, you promise that you are at least 13 years old. If we become aware that we have inadvertently received Personal Information from a child under the age of 13, we will delete such information from our records. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13. In addition, we recommend that minors 13 years of age or older ask their parents for permission before sending any information about themselves to anyone over the Internet.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
DECLAIMER
While using our App You must Agree our Terms and Condition.
COPYRIGHT CONTENT REPORT
If anyone found that our app have contain any copyright content, You can able to report that content inside app or you can contact us on our support mail : sales.chemignition@gmail.com. Will remove that copyright content from our app.
CONTAC US
If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me on my mail :
sales.chemignition@gmail.com