Privacy Policy
Last Update: 11 October 2024
Holihigh Mobile Co., Ltd., and its subsidiaries that make up the
              Holihigh companies ("Holihigh", "we", "us" or "our"), is a leading
              developer, publisher and marketer of interactive entertainment.
              Please read this Privacy Policy carefully, and keep in mind that
              our practices and the data we collect may differ depending on how
              you use the Services. The Services are also subject to any other
              terms and policies included in our Services. This Privacy Policy
              supplements privacy disclosures provided with your software
              product and from your platform manufacturer.
Notice at Collection of Personal Information:
Please see the Categories of Information Collected and How We Use
              Personal Information and Our Legal Grounds sections for an
              overview of what information we collect, and why, and the Data
              Rights section for information about how to exercise your privacy
              rights, including opting out of the sale or sharing of your
              personal information.
Categories of Information Collected
The type of information we collect depends on how you use the
              Services. Generally, we collect the following information:
Identifiers / Contact Information:
Name, user
                name, gamertag, postal and email address, phone number, unique
                IDs, mobile device ID, platform ID, gaming service ID,
                advertising ID (IDFA, Android ID) and IP address
Protected Characteristics:
Age and gender
Commercial Information:
Purchase and usage
                history and preferences, including gameplay information
Billing Information:
Payment information
                (credit / debit card information) and shipping address
Internet / Electronic Activity:
Web / app browsing and gameplay information related to the
                Services; information about your online interaction(s) with the
                Services or our advertising; and details about the games and
                platforms you use and other information related to installed
                applications
Device and Usage Data:
Device type, software and hardware details, language settings,
                browser type and version, operating system, and information
                about how users use and interact with the Services (e.g.,
                content viewed, pages visited, clicks, scrolls)
Profile Inferences:
Inferences made from your information and web activity to help
                create a personalized profile so we can identify goods and
                services that may be of interest
Audio / Visual Information:
Account photos, images, and avatars, audio information via chat
                features and functionality.
Sensitive Information:
Precise location information (if you allow the Services to
                collect your location).
How We Use Information and Our Legal Grounds
We use the information we collect within App as follows, pursuant
              to various legal bases:
Business Purposes: Provide the Services and support; fulfill
                orders and requests; improve the Services and our business;
                develop new products and services; enhance your experience on
                the Services; protect the security for our users, employees,
                facilities, and Services; and develop internal marketing and
                demographic studies
Commercial Purposes: Market and advertise our and our business
                partners' products and services; send you promotional materials;
                and administer promotional activities or events
We also use your information as permitted by law.
We use information we collect for our business purposes,
                including to:
Provide the Services
Fulfill product orders and other requests, respond to your
                questions, and communicate with you
Enhance and personalize your experience on the Services,
                including to recognize you, maintain your preferences and
                settings, connect you with other users and link to your
                third-party platform, gaming, and social networking accounts
Provide technical and other support
Review the use and operations of the Services, develop new
                products or services, and conduct analyses to enhance or improve
                our software, content, marketing, support, and Services
Conduct internal marketing and demographic studies
Address issues with the Services or other business needs
To protect the security or integrity of the Services, users and
                our business such as by protecting against and preventing
                violation of our terms and policies, including combating fraud,
                piracy, cheating, tampering, unauthorized transactions, claims,
                and other liabilities, and managing risk exposure
Interact on your behalf with the third-party platform, gaming,
                and social networking accounts you connect with our Services
Participate in other processing that we inform you about when
                you provide your information or when you consent to such
                processing
As permitted by law
We use information we collect for commercial purposes, including
                to:
Provide you and other users with customized content, targeted
                offers, and advertising on the Services, via email and text
                message, or on other sites, mobile applications, or social media
                on behalf of Holihigh or our business partners
Contact you with information and promotional materials
Administer rewards, surveys, sweepstakes, contests, or other
                promotional activities or events sponsored or managed by us or
                our business partners
Analyze our users, in combination with other data, to assess our
                user base and target marketing at other similar groups
---Legal Reasons to Process Personal Data
If you are based in a location that requires us to establish
                legal grounds, we process your information on the following
                grounds:
Establish and perform our contract with you (such as the terms
                applicable to our Services, or to take steps at your request,
                such as to complete transactions with you and to allow you to
                play our games online)
Compliance with a legal obligation
For our or our partners' legitimate interests, such as to
                improve our products and services; perform analytics to better
                understand our users; conduct direct marketing (when we do not
                need your consent); otherwise supporting our business,
                operations, and services; and enforce and prevent violations of
                our terms or policies
Sources of Information We Collect
How we obtain information depends on how you use the Services. For
              example, we collect information:
you provide directly to us, such as when you set up an account,
                sign-up for marketing, or contact us
about the games you play (automatically)
from third-party platforms, such as when you play our games or
                access our Services with third-party accounts
automatically, including through cookies and similar tracking
                technologies
from third parties, such as advertising networks, business
                partners, third party information providers, and other players
---Information You Provide
You provide us with information when you use the Services, such
                as when you:
create an account or use the Services
subscribe to marketing and communications
comment on our message boards, forums, chat rooms, feeds, sites,
                or other Services
purchase or redeem one of our products or services, including
                physical items, virtual items, virtual currency, or add-ons
download, install, or access demos, programs, or other software
contact us for support or other purposes
use our email or share features
participate in events, contests, promotions, surveys, or
                playtesting
participate in an activity where you provide your information
Depending on the Service or your activity, we collect
                information such as your name, email address, phone number,
                photo, mailing address / zip code, payment or purchase
                information, age, gender, password, platform ID, software
                products played, survey data, geolocation, and the systems or
                platforms you play on. We combine this information across
                devices that you use.
---Gameplay Information
When you use the Services, we automatically receive information
                about your gameplay. Gameplay information includes your platform
                ID or gaming service ID, game achievements, game scores and
                performance, IP address, MAC address or other device IDs, other
                platform / device information, and other information and
                statistics regarding your use of the Services. We collect
                gameplay information even if you do not register for the
                Services. We may combine gameplay information with other
                information we have about you. We also may use internal and
                third-party anti-cheat technologies to detect and prevent
                cheating within our Services.
---Platform, Gaming, and Social Networking Information
We collect information when you access our Services with
                third-party platform accounts, such as a gaming platform
                account, gaming network service account, or social networking
                service account. When you access our Services in this way, the
                third-party platforms provide us with information about you. For
                example, depending on your use of, or activity on the
                third-party platform, we receive your user name, your friends
                list, or account information necessary to provide the Services
                or a purchased in-game item. The third-party platform may allow
                you to control what information is provided to us. We are not
                responsible for the terms, policies, disclosures or actions of
                any third-party platforms.
---Cookies and Similar Technologies
We may use cookies, web beacons, pixel tags, Flash cookies,
                Internet log files, software developments kits and similar
                tracking technologies to improve and maintain the functionality
                of our Services; enhance security and fraud prevention; and
                provide you with targeted advertising. Our system may not
                respond to Do Not Track requests or headers from some or all
                browsers. The Manage Your Account, Communications, and Data
                section provides additional information about our use of cookies
                and similar technologies and your ability to manage cookies. You
                may also use the cookie preference tool, where available, or
                visit the Cookie Policy posted on the Service for more
                information.
---Information from Third Parties
We receive information from third parties to update the
                information that we collect about you. We may receive
                information from public databases, platform manufacturers,
                analytics providers, game developers, and other business
                partners and Holihigh companies involved in providing the
                Services to you, that includes demographic information and
                information about your interests. We may collect publicly
                available information, including from social media, to protect
                our users, employees, facilities, and Services, and to aid
                investigations. We also receive information from other
                individuals who use our Services. This may include information
                about you if you are mentioned in comments on the Services or an
                individual sends us a direct message.
When We Share Information
As detailed below, we share your information with:
vendors that perform support and other services for us
Holihigh members
advertising service providers and partners
other third parties (e.g., for collaborative offerings, legal
                and safety purposes, in connection with the sale or transfer of
                a business or asset, and other purposes with your permission)
other users, such as when you participate in open communities or
                events, or information published on leaderboards
We do not sell or share personal information about persons that we
              know are under the age of 16 without their (or depending on age,
              their parent's) consent.
Data Rights
Depending on your location, you may have certain rights over your
              personal information, including the right to:
Request access to or a copy of your personal information
Request deletion of your personal information
Request correction or modification of your personal information
Be informed about the personal information we collect and/or
                process about you, the sources of personal information, and the
                third parties with whom information was shared or sold and for
                what purposes
Withdraw consent, if processing is based on consent
Opt-out of the sale or sharing of your personal information
                (including targeted advertising)
Opt-in/out of financial incentives
Limit the use and disclosure of your sensitive personal
                information
Data Retention
We'll keep your information for as long as necessary to provide
              you with the Services, fulfil our legal obligations, and/or
              exercise, defend or establish our rights.
We retain your information while your account is active, as needed
              to provide you Services, or to administer our Services. If you
              wish to delete your account or request that we no longer use your
              personal information to provide Services to you, contact us as
              identified in the Manage Your Account, Communications, and Data
              section. If your account is inactive, we will maintain your
              account for the length of time for which we reasonably expect you
              to reengage with our Services. After such period, we will delete
              personal information, including your email address and log-in
              credentials, and you may no longer be able to access your account.
              We may still retain some of your personal information in our files
              for a reasonable period of time to resolve disputes, enforce our
              terms and policies, administer our Services, comply with technical
              and legal requirements, and/or other constraints related to the
              security, integrity, and operation of our Services, after which we
              will take steps to delete or archive your personal information.
Children's Privacy
Generally, we direct our Services to a general audience and we do
              not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13
              years old (or older, if applicable law provides for different
              protections). We may direct certain Services to an audience of all
              ages---including children. For these Services, we may restrict the
              collection of personal information on the Services from anyone,
              apply an age gate allowing children to use the Services while
              restricting the collection of personal information on the Services
              from children, or get a parent's permission to collect personal
              information from children. If we become aware that a child has
              provided personal information without a parent's permission, we
              will promptly delete this information. We encourage parents to
              instruct their children to never give out their real names,
              addresses, or phone numbers, without permission, when using the
              Internet.
Data Security
We follow generally accepted industry standards and maintain
              appropriate safeguards to help protect the security, integrity,
              and privacy of the information we collect about you. These
              security measures are designed to protect against the accidental
              or unlawful destruction, loss, misuse, alteration, and
              unauthorized disclosure of, or access to, the information under
              our control. However, no system can be 100% secure and we cannot
              guarantee our security measures.
Contact Us
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, you may contact
              us by email at
jiaoyueone@iCloud.com
.
Changes to Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy.
              Please check back from time to time to review these changes. If we
              change this Privacy Policy in a material way, we will provide
              appropriate notice to you and, as appropriate, provide additional
              choices regarding such change. As permitted by applicable law,
              your continued use of the Services means that you accept these
              changes.