Privacy Policy
Last updated: September 23rd, 2024
BUD Technologies, PTE. LTD (hereinafter referred to as "we" or "us") respects your privacy. We will take corresponding security protection measures according to the requirements of laws and regulations, and try our best to protect your personal information. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, store and disclose your information when you use our product and services, and how we provide you with access to, update, control and protect your information.
BUD Technologies, PTE. LTD. (Address: 2 VENTURE DRIVE #11-31 VISION EXCHANGE SINGAPORE 608526) is the data controller for all users' data.
"Personal information" is any information about users which could, alone or together with other information, personally identify them or otherwise be reasonably linked or connected with them.
We use various methods to collect your personal information, including:
Personal information we collect directly from you
Personal information collected by automated means
Personal information collected by SDK
Our APP cannot function properly when functional cookies are disabled. Along with helping you easily browse, they are essential for our security and accessibility features.
We may share your personal information with third parties under the following circumstances:
With your consent
With service providers and partners
For legal disclosure
Change in control or sale
Aggregate, non-personally identifying information
We will retain your personal information only for a limited period of time needed to fulfil the purposes of processing mentioned above. After that time your personal information will be erased.
You understand that we have users from different countries or regions with different privacy expectations. We may transfer your information outside your country or region where you live and we try to meet all standards according to the personal information protection laws in your country or region.
Depending on your location, you may have various rights regarding your personal information, including:
Access to your information
Rectification of inaccurate information
Erasure of your information
Object to processing
Restrict processing
Withdraw consent
Data portability
We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. These measures include encryption, multiple server backups, and strict access controls.
We do not knowingly collect information from or direct any of our content specifically to minors under 13. If we learn or have reason to suspect that you are a user who is under the age of 13, we will have to close your account.
Our Privacy Policy may be amended. In case of significant changes, we will notify you through prominent prompts, email, or other means before the amendment takes effect.
If you have any questions or comments on this Policy or other related matters, please contact us at: support@budcreate.xyz. We will review the issues involved as soon as possible and reply after verifying your user identity.