AI Ease Privacy Policy
AI Ease respects your privacy choices. If you give us personal information, we will treat it according to this policy. What is personal information? Generally, this may include your first and last name, address, e-mail address, and telephone number. This information is used to provide and improve our services, including important updates and notifications.
This policy covers the AI Ease websites. Some of our advertisers, affiliates, or programs have their own, possibly different policies. AI Ease encourages you to read this privacy policy and those of all websites you visit. Below is a summary of AI Ease’s online privacy policy.
Types of Information
Your privacy is important to us. AI Ease is committed to protecting your privacy. Because we collect two types of user information, General Statistical Information and Personal Identifying Information, we are providing you with this policy to inform you of how we use and, in limited circumstances, disclose such information.
General Statistical Information
When you visit our websites, we gather certain general information, such as frequency of downloads, number of hits on our websites, and usage statistics concerning our software products. This information is referred to as “General Statistical Information”. We use and store this data on a collective basis in summary form, rather than on an individual basis. This data helps us to determine how and the extent to which certain parts of our websites and software are used. The stored General Statistical Information does not contain any Personal Identifying Information about you or any of our other users.
Personal Identifying Information
In addition to collecting General Statistical Information, we may ask you to provide us with certain personal information, such as your name, street address, and email address, to enable us to respond to your requests and needs. Information that can reasonably be used to identify you is referred to as “Personal Identifying Information”.
Personal Information
may include, but is not limited to:
Your name and physical address, email addresses, and telephone numbers
Behavioral or demographic attributes
Past transactions on the Channels
Information obtained from third parties on your interests
Billing information (such as credit card number and its expiry date)
Use and Sharing of Information
AI Ease uses and shares the Personal Information it collects (unless otherwise restricted by applicable law) for the following purposes:
Engage in Transactions
: AI Ease may use Personal Information to engage in transactions with you.
Process Transactions
: AI Ease may use Personal Information, along with financial, credit card, and payment information, to process your transactions.
Customer Support
: AI Ease may use your Personal Information to provide you support or other services you have ordered, as well as product updates, patches, and operational communications.
Tailor Marketing
: AI Ease may use your Personal Information to notify you about new product releases and service developments, and to advertise AI Ease products and services.
Post Testimonials
: We post testimonials on our platforms that may contain Personal Information. Before posting a testimonial, we will obtain your consent.
Improve Products and Services
: AI Ease may use your Personal Information to evaluate and improve our products, services, marketing, and customer relationships.
When you fill out an online form to register for our services, we collect the information provided, such as your first name, last name, country, email, phone number, etc.
Children’s Privacy
AI Ease is committed to protecting the privacy of children. Our services are not directed to children under 13 years of age. If we discover that we have collected personal information from a child without proper consent, we will delete the information immediately. If you believe that we have mistakenly collected such information, please contact us at service@aiease.ai
Security
The security of your Personal Information is very important to our company. We have physical, electronic, and administrative safeguards throughout the site that help prevent the unauthorized release of or access to user information. When you enter sensitive Personal Information, such as your credit card number, we encrypt it using secure socket layer (SSL) technology. While we implement robust security measures, no system can be completely secure. We continuously review and improve our security practices to minimize any risks.
Biometric Data
If you use tools such as the AI Headshot Generator or AI Passport Photo Maker on our Website, you may be required to provide pictures containing your biometric data, such as facial geometry. These images are used solely to generate the requested output and are not stored, collected, or used for any other purposes. We do not use your Face Data for training other AI products, identifying individuals, marketing, or building profiles. Additionally, we do not transfer, share, sell, or provide your Face Data to any third parties, including advertising platforms or data brokers. Once the output is generated, your Face Data is immediately deleted and not stored on our servers.
Cookies
AI Ease uses “cookies” to provide a better user experience by measuring which website areas are of greatest interest. AI Ease can only read cookies from its own website. If you choose to disable cookies in your browser, you can still access most of our website.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
: These cookies are essential for navigating our websites and using their features.
Third-Party Advertising
: We may display ads from third parties. These third-party ad-serving companies may use cookies to collect non-personal information about your interactions with their ads. You can manage your cookie preferences to control how third parties access this information.
Managing Cookies
You may access or change your cookie preferences at any time. If you have any problems using this cookie preference mechanism, please fill out an inquiry form.
User Options
AI Ease enables you to opt out of marketing communications at any time by clicking the ‘unsubscribe’ link in our emails or adjusting your preferences in your AI Ease account settings. To delete your account or correct your personal information, please contact Customer Support at service@aiease.ai
Linked Sites
We provide links to third-party sites. Since we do not control these websites, we encourage you to review the privacy policies posted on these third-party sites.
Policy Updates
All updates to this policy will be posted here.
Last update: Sep 2024.
Contact Us
Please send any questions or comments on our privacy practices to service@aiease.ai. AI Ease is committed to user privacy in our products and services.