Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Terms of Service
Effective Date: [10/10/2024]
Welcome to SoulEditor Pro! By using our website and services, you agree to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions. Please review these terms carefully. If you do not agree with these terms, you should not use our website or services.
1. Acceptance of Terms
Thank you for choosing SoulEditor Pro ("the website", "us", "we", or "our"). SoulEditor Pro provides access to a series of AI-driven photo enhancement and editing services, including online tools, software, and mobile applications (collectively, the “Services”). The Services, including any updates, are subject to the following Terms of Service ("Terms"). SoulEditor Pro reserves the right to update and modify the Terms at any time without notice to you. By using the site in any manner, including but not limited to using the Services, browsing the features and content, and exploring the application, you agree to be bound by these Terms of Service. This agreement applies to all users of the site and the service.
2. Restrictions on Use
Subject to your compliance with the Terms, you may access and use the Services and Software that we make available with a license from us for permitted uses. You may not sell, redistribute, transfer, or reproduce any information, software, products, or services obtained from SoulEditor Pro. Photos edited with SoulEditor Pro, including all its Services and Software, are allowed for non-commercial and commercial use.
3. Privacy
Please visit our Privacy Policy for information on how we collect, use, and disclose your personal information.
4. Copyright
Unless otherwise specified, SoulEditor Pro owns all copyright of logos, home-brew technologies, text, images, and graphics that are included in the online services and software or made available from this website. Without the permission of SoulEditor Pro, any copying and reproduction of information contained on this site are strictly prohibited.
5. Your Rights and Obligations
You must refrain from actions that can compromise the functionality or the operation of the website, including but not limited to scanning or testing the website for any weak points, accessing systems of the website by bypassing the security systems, and integrating malware. We have the exclusive right to restrict the use of our services without having to be demanded for any reason or to block specific users. By accessing the service, you agree that we have the right to store your IP address in order to verify broad use of our service.
6. Disclaimer
THE SITE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE EMBEDDED VIEWER AND THE SoulEditor Pro CONTENT, ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND SoulEditor Pro AND ITS DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, CONTENT PROVIDERS, AGENTS, AND AFFILIATES EXCLUDE, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, SATISFACTORY QUALITY, OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SoulEditor Pro uses reasonable efforts to ensure the accuracy, correctness, and reliability of the SoulEditor Pro Content, but we make no representations or warranties as to the SoulEditor Pro Content’s accuracy, correctness, or reliability.
7. Use of Software and Online Services
The software and online services that are made available on and from this website are copyrighted material and the work of SoulEditor Pro and/or its suppliers. Use of the Software is governed by the terms of the end user license agreement which accompanies or is included with the Software ("User License Agreement"). If you do not agree to such terms, you will not be able to use the software. You may view our End User Licensing Agreement upon installation. Any reproduction or redistribution of the Software not in accordance with the License Agreement is expressly prohibited by law and may result in severe civil and criminal penalties.
8. User Guidelines
SoulEditor Pro respects intellectual property rights and expects you to do the same. We’ve established a few ground rules for you to follow when using the service, to make sure SoulEditor Pro stays enjoyable for everyone. You must follow these rules. Learn more about our user experience program in User Experience.
The following is not permitted for any reason whatsoever:
1.
Uploading or importing the images/photos that you do not have the legal right/copyright to;
2.
Using our Service to import or copy any local files that you do not have the legal right to import or copy in this way;
3.
Circumventing any technology used by SoulEditor Pro, its licensors, or any third party to protect the Service;
4.
Circumventing any territorial restrictions applied by SoulEditor Pro or its licensors;
5.
Providing your password to any other person or using any other person’s username and password;
6.
“Crawling” our Service or otherwise using any automated means (including bots, scrapers, and spiders) to view, access, or collect information from SoulEditor Pro.
9. Protect Your Account and Password
Your password protects your user account, and you are solely responsible for keeping your password confidential and secure. You understand that you are responsible for all use (including any unauthorized use) of your username and password on the Service. If your username or password is lost or stolen, or if you believe there has been unauthorized access to your account by a third party, you must notify us immediately and change your password as soon as possible.
10. Termination
Notwithstanding any of these Terms, SoulEditor Pro reserves the right, without notice and in its sole discretion, to terminate your account and/or to block your use of the Site.
11. Changes to the Terms of Service
SoulEditor Pro reserves the right to change any of the terms and conditions contained in the Terms of Service or any policy or guideline of the website, at any time and at its sole discretion. Any changes will be effective immediately upon posting on the website.
12. Content License
12.1 You agree to adhere to all relevant laws and regulations while accessing and using the App, including the laws of your own country or region if you reside outside the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (HKSAR).
13. Your Stuff & Your Permissions
When you use our Services, you provide us with things like your files, content, email address, and so on (“Your Stuff”). Your Stuff is yours. These Terms don’t give us any rights to Your Stuff except for the limited rights that enable us to offer the Services. We need your permission to do things like hosting Your Stuff, backing it up, and sharing it when you ask us to. Our Services also provide you with features like editing, organizing, sharing, and searching. These and other features may require our systems to access, store, and scan Your Stuff. You give us permission to do those things, and this permission extends to trusted third parties we work with.
14. Your Responsibilities
Please safeguard your password to the Services, make sure that others don’t have access to it, and keep your account information current. You agree not to misuse the Services. For example, you must not, and must not attempt to do the following:
●
Probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of any system or network;
●
Access, tamper with, or use non-public areas or parts of the Services, or shared areas of the Services you haven’t been invited to;
●
Sell the Services or Services accounts via unauthorized channels.
15. Software
Some of our Services allow you to download client software (“Software”) which may update automatically. So long as you comply with these Terms, we give you a limited, nonexclusive, nontransferable, revocable license to use the Software, solely to access the Services. To the extent any component of the Software may be offered under an open-source license, we’ll make that license available to you and the provisions of that license may expressly override some of these Terms. Unless the following restrictions are prohibited by law, you agree not to reverse engineer or decompile the Services, attempt to do so, or assist anyone in doing so. We welcome feedback but note that we may use comments or suggestions without any obligation to you.
16. Accounts
When you create an account with us, you must provide us with information that is accurate, complete, and current at all times. Failure to do so constitutes a breach of the Terms, which may result in immediate termination of your account on our Service. You are responsible for safeguarding the password that you use to access the Service and for any activities or actions under your password, whether your password is with our Service or a third-party service. You agree not to disclose your password to any third party. You must notify us immediately upon becoming aware of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your account.
17. Liability for Our Services
When permitted by law, we will not be responsible for lost profits, revenues, or data, financial losses, or indirect, special, consequential, exemplary, or punitive damages. The total liability of us is limited to the amount you paid us to use the Services.
18. Links to Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to third-party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by SoulEditor Pro. SoulEditor Pro has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party web sites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that SoulEditor Pro shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with the use of or reliance on any such content, goods, or services available on or through any such web sites or services. We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third-party web sites or services that you visit.
19. Termination of Services
You’re free to stop using our Services at any time. We also reserve the right to suspend or end the Services at any time at our discretion and without notice. For example, we may suspend or terminate your use of the Services if you’re not complying with these Terms, or use the Services in a manner that would cause us legal liability, disrupt the Services or disrupt others’ use of the Services. Except for Paid Accounts, we reserve the right to terminate and delete your account if you haven’t accessed our Services for 12 consecutive months. We’ll of course provide you with notice via the email address associated with your account before we do so.
20. Indemnity and Release for Your Use
You agree to release, indemnify and hold us, our affiliates, officers, employees, directors, agents, successors, and assigns (collectively, “SoulEditor Pro Parties” and each an “Indemnitee”) harmless from any and all losses, liabilities, damages, fines, penalties, expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs), rights, claims, and actions of any kind and any injury arising out of or relating to: (1) your past and present use of the Service or any of its tools, features, or functions, including any tools that apply effects to, or generate images of, individuals, (2) any Content you upload to the Service or create with the Service, or (3) your violation of these terms, any rights of another person or applicable law. Notwithstanding the foregoing, you will have no obligation to indemnify or hold harmless any Indemnitee from or against any liability, losses, damages, or expenses incurred as a direct result of any action or inaction of such Indemnitee.
21. Governing Law
These terms and our Privacy Policy are governed by the laws of the
Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (HKSAR)
without giving effect to any conflicts of laws principles. However, some countries (including those in the European Union) have laws that require agreements to be governed by the local laws of the consumer's country. This paragraph doesn’t override those laws.
22. Feedback
We welcome feedback, comments, and suggestions for improvements to the Services. You can submit feedback by emailing us at sg5upp0rt5ervice@gmail.com.
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it