Privacy Policy
Last updated: November 22, 2024
This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.
We use Your Personal data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, You agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Interpretation and Definitions
Interpretation
The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.
Definitions
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:
Account
means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service.
Affiliate
means an entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with a party, where "control" means ownership of 50% or more of the shares, equity interest or other securities entitled to vote for election of directors or other managing authority.
Application
refers to BanKan Board, the software program provided by the Company.
Business
, for the purpose of CCPA/CPRA, refers to the Company as the legal entity that collects Consumers' personal information and determines the purposes and means of the processing of Consumers' personal information, or on behalf of which such information is collected and that alone, or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of consumers' personal information, that does business in the State of California.
CCPA
and/or
CPRA
refers to the California Consumer Privacy Act (the "CCPA") as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (the "CPRA").
Company
(referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to Trimly LLC, N92W6960 Washington Court Cedarburg, WI 53012.
For the purpose of the GDPR, the Company is the Data Controller.
Consumer
, for the purpose of the CCPA/CPRA, means a natural person who is a California resident. A resident, as defined in the law, includes (1) every individual who is in the USA for other than a temporary or transitory purpose, and (2) every individual who is domiciled in the USA who is outside the USA for a temporary or transitory purpose.
Cookies
are small files that are placed on Your computer, mobile device or any other device by a website, containing the details of Your browsing history on that website among its many uses.
Country
refers to: Wisconsin,  United States
Data Controller
, for the purposes of the GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation), refers to the Company as the legal person which alone or jointly with others determines the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Data.
Device
means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.
Do Not Track
(DNT) is a concept that has been promoted by US regulatory authorities, in particular the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC), for the Internet industry to develop and implement a mechanism for allowing internet users to control the tracking of their online activities across websites.
GDPR
refers to EU General Data Protection Regulation.
Personal Data
is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.
For the purposes of GDPR, Personal Data means any information relating to You such as a name, an identification number, location data, online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity.
For the purposes of the CCPA/CPRA, Personal Data means any information that identifies, relates to, describes or is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with You.
Service
refers to the Application or the Website or both.
Service Provider
means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used. For the purpose of the GDPR, Service Providers are considered Data Processors.
Usage Data
refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
Website
refers to BanKan Technologies, accessible from
https://bankan.tech/
You
means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.
Under GDPR, You can be referred to as the Data Subject or as the User as you are the individual using the Service.
Collecting and Using Your Personal Data
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using Our Service, We may ask You to provide Us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify You. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Email address
First name and last name
Usage Data
Usage Data
Usage Data is collected automatically when using the Service.
Usage Data may include information such as Your Device's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that You visit, the time and date of Your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
When You access the Service by or through a mobile device, We may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device You use, Your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of Your mobile device, Your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser You use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
We may also collect information that Your browser sends whenever You visit our Service or when You access the Service by or through a mobile device.
Information Collected while Using the Application
While using Our Application, in order to provide features of Our Application, We may collect, with Your prior permission:
Pictures and other information from your Device's camera and photo library
We use this information to provide features of Our Service, to improve and customize Our Service. The information may be uploaded to the Company's servers and/or a Service Provider's server or it may be simply stored on Your device.
You can enable or disable access to this information at any time, through Your Device settings.
Tracking Technologies and Cookies
We use Cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on Our Service and store certain information. Tracking technologies used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze Our Service. The technologies We use may include:
Cookies or Browser Cookies.
A cookie is a small file placed on Your Device. You can instruct Your browser to refuse all Cookies or to indicate when a Cookie is being sent. However, if You do not accept Cookies, You may not be able to use some parts of our Service. Unless you have adjusted Your browser setting so that it will refuse Cookies, our Service may use Cookies.
Web Beacons.
Certain sections of our Service and our emails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit the Company, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an email and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of a certain section and verifying system and server integrity).
Cookies can be "Persistent" or "Session" Cookies. Persistent Cookies remain on Your personal computer or mobile device when You go offline, while Session Cookies are deleted as soon as You close Your web browser. Learn more about cookies on the
Free Privacy Policy website
article.
We use both Session and Persistent Cookies for the purposes set out below:
Necessary / Essential Cookies
Type: Session Cookies
Administered by: Us
Purpose: These Cookies are essential to provide You with services available through the Website and to enable You to use some of its features. They help to authenticate users and prevent fraudulent use of user accounts. Without these Cookies, the services that You have asked for cannot be provided, and We only use these Cookies to provide You with those services.
Cookies Policy / Notice Acceptance Cookies
Type: Persistent Cookies
Administered by: Us
Purpose: These Cookies identify if users have accepted the use of cookies on the Website.
Functionality Cookies
Type: Persistent Cookies
Administered by: Us
Purpose: These Cookies allow us to remember choices You make when You use the Website, such as remembering your login details or language preference. The purpose of these Cookies is to provide You with a more personal experience and to avoid You having to re-enter your preferences every time You use the Website.
Tracking and Performance Cookies
Type: Persistent Cookies
Administered by: Third-Parties
Purpose: These Cookies are used to track information about traffic to the Website and how users use the Website. The information gathered via these Cookies may directly or indirectly identify you as an individual visitor. This is because the information collected is typically linked to a pseudonymous identifier associated with the device you use to access the Website. We may also use these Cookies to test new pages, features or new functionality of the Website to see how our users react to them.
For more information about the cookies we use and your choices regarding cookies, please visit our Cookies Policy or the Cookies section of our Privacy Policy.
Use of Your Personal Data
The Company may use Personal Data for the following purposes:
To provide and maintain our Service
, including to monitor the usage of our Service.
To manage Your Account:
to manage Your registration as a user of the Service. The Personal Data You provide can give You access to different functionalities of the Service that are available to You as a registered user.
For the performance of a contract:
the development, compliance and undertaking of the purchase contract for the products, items or services You have purchased or of any other contract with Us through the Service.
To contact You:
To contact You by email, telephone calls, SMS, or other equivalent forms of electronic communication, such as a mobile application's push notifications regarding updates or informative communications related to the functionalities, products or contracted services, including the security updates, when necessary or reasonable for their implementation.
To provide You
with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless You have opted not to receive such information.
To manage Your requests:
To attend and manage Your requests to Us.
For business transfers:
We may use Your information to evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which Personal Data held by Us about our Service users is among the assets transferred.
For other purposes
: We may use Your information for other purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and to evaluate and improve our Service, products, services, marketing and your experience.
We may share Your personal information in the following situations:
With Service Providers:
We may share Your personal information with Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service, for payment processing,  to contact You.
For business transfers:
We may share or transfer Your personal information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of Company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of Our business to another company.
With Affiliates:
We may share Your information with Our affiliates, in which case we will require those affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy. Affiliates include Our parent company and any other subsidiaries, joint venture partners or other companies that We control or that are under common control with Us.
With business partners:
We may share Your information with Our business partners to offer You certain products, services or promotions.
With other users:
when You share personal information or otherwise interact in the public areas with other users, such information may be viewed by all users and may be publicly distributed outside.
With Your consent
: We may disclose Your personal information for any other purpose with Your consent.
Retention of Your Personal Data
The Company will retain Your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use Your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
The Company will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of Our Service, or We are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.
Transfer of Your Personal Data
Your information, including Personal Data, is processed at the Company's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located. It means that this information may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of Your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from Your jurisdiction.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by Your submission of such information represents Your agreement to that transfer.
The Company will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that Your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of Your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of Your data and other personal information.
Delete Your Personal Data
You have the right to delete or request that We assist in deleting the Personal Data that We have collected about You.
Our Service may give You the ability to delete certain information about You from within the Service.
You may update, amend, or delete Your information at any time by signing in to Your Account, if you have one, and visiting the account settings section that allows you to manage Your personal information. You may also contact Us to request access to, correct, or delete any personal information that You have provided to Us.
Please note, however, that We may need to retain certain information when we have a legal obligation or lawful basis to do so.
Disclosure of Your Personal Data
Business Transactions
If the Company is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, Your Personal Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before Your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.
Law enforcement
Under certain circumstances, the Company may be required to disclose Your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).
Other legal requirements
The Company may disclose Your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
Comply with a legal obligation
Protect and defend the rights or property of the Company
Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
Protect the personal safety of Users of the Service or the public
Protect against legal liability
Security of Your Personal Data
The security of Your Personal Data is important to Us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While We strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect Your Personal Data, We cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Detailed Information on the Processing of Your Personal Data
The Service Providers We use may have access to Your Personal Data. These third-party vendors collect, store, use, process and transfer information about Your activity on Our Service in accordance with their Privacy Policies.
Analytics
We may use third-party Service providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.
PostHog
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at
https://posthog.com/privacy
Email Marketing
We may use Your Personal Data to contact You with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to You. You may opt-out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from Us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email We send or by contacting Us.
We may use Email Marketing Service Providers to manage and send emails to You.
Brevo
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at
https://www.brevo.com/legal/privacypolicy/
Clerk
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at
https://clerk.com/legal/privacy
Payments
We may provide paid products and/or services within the Service. In that case, we may use third-party services for payment processing (e.g. payment processors).
We will not store or collect Your payment card details. That information is provided directly to Our third-party payment processors whose use of Your personal information is governed by their Privacy Policy. These payment processors adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, Mastercard, American Express and Discover. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of payment information.
Stripe
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at
https://stripe.com/us/privacy
GDPR Privacy
Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data under GDPR
We may process Personal Data under the following conditions:
Consent:
You have given Your consent for processing Personal Data for one or more specific purposes.
Performance of a contract:
Provision of Personal Data is necessary for the performance of an agreement with You and/or for any pre-contractual obligations thereof.
Legal obligations:
Processing Personal Data is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which the Company is subject.
Vital interests:
Processing Personal Data is necessary in order to protect Your vital interests or of another natural person.
Public interests:
Processing Personal Data is related to a task that is carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the Company.
Legitimate interests:
Processing Personal Data is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Company.
In any case, the Company will gladly help to clarify the specific legal basis that applies to the processing, and in particular whether the provision of Personal Data is a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract.
Your Rights under the GDPR
The Company undertakes to respect the confidentiality of Your Personal Data and to guarantee You can exercise Your rights.
You have the right under this Privacy Policy, and by law if You are within the EU, to:
Request access to Your Personal Data.
The right to access, update or delete the information We have on You. Whenever made possible, you can access, update or request deletion of Your Personal Data directly within Your account settings section. If you are unable to perform these actions yourself, please contact Us to assist You. This also enables You to receive a copy of the Personal Data We hold about You.
Request correction of the Personal Data that We hold about You.
You have the right to have any incomplete or inaccurate information We hold about You corrected.
Object to processing of Your Personal Data.
This right exists where We are relying on a legitimate interest as the legal basis for Our processing and there is something about Your particular situation, which makes You want to object to our processing of Your Personal Data on this ground. You also have the right to object where We are processing Your Personal Data for direct marketing purposes.
Request erasure of Your Personal Data.
You have the right to ask Us to delete or remove Personal Data when there is no good reason for Us to continue processing it.
Request the transfer of Your Personal Data.
We will provide to You, or to a third-party You have chosen, Your Personal Data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Please note that this right only applies to automated information which You initially provided consent for Us to use or where We used the information to perform a contract with You.
Withdraw Your consent.
You have the right to withdraw Your consent on using your Personal Data. If You withdraw Your consent, We may not be able to provide You with access to certain specific functionalities of the Service.
Exercising of Your GDPR Data Protection Rights
You may exercise Your rights of access, rectification, cancellation and opposition by contacting Us. Please note that we may ask You to verify Your identity before responding to such requests. If You make a request, We will try our best to respond to You as soon as possible.
You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about Our collection and use of Your Personal Data. For more information, if You are in the European Economic Area (EEA), please contact Your local data protection authority in the EEA.
CCPA/CPRA Privacy Notice
This privacy notice section for California residents supplements the information contained in Our Privacy Policy and it applies solely to all visitors, users, and others who reside in the State of California.
Categories of Personal Information Collected
We collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular Consumer or Device. The following is a list of categories of personal information which we may collect or may have been collected from California residents within the last twelve (12) months.
Please note that the categories and examples provided in the list below are those defined in the CCPA/CPRA. This does not mean that all examples of that category of personal information were in fact collected by Us, but reflects our good faith belief to the best of Our knowledge that some of that information from the applicable category may be and may have been collected. For example, certain categories of personal information would only be collected if You provided such personal information directly to Us.
Category A: Identifiers.
Examples: A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, driver's license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers.
Collected: Yes.
Category B: Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
Examples: A name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver's license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information. Some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories.
Collected: Yes.
Category C: Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
Examples: Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status, genetic information (including familial genetic information).
Collected: No.
Category D: Commercial information.
Examples: Records and history of products or services purchased or considered.
Collected: Yes.
Category E: Biometric information.
Examples: Genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological characteristics, or activity patterns used to extract a template or other identifier or identifying information, such as, fingerprints, faceprints, and voiceprints, iris or retina scans, keystroke, gait, or other physical patterns, and sleep, health, or exercise data.
Collected: No.
Category F: Internet or other similar network activity.
Examples: Interaction with our Service or advertisement.
Collected: Yes.
Category G: Geolocation data.
Examples: Approximate physical location.
Collected: No.
Category H: Sensory data.
Examples: Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
Collected: No.
Category I: Professional or employment-related information.
Examples: Current or past job history or performance evaluations.
Collected: No.
Category J: Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)).
Examples: Education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student financial information, or student disciplinary records.
Collected: No.
Category K: Inferences drawn from other personal information.
Examples: Profile reflecting a person's preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
Collected: No.
Category L: Sensitive personal information.
Examples: Account login and password information, geolocation data.
Collected: Yes.
Under CCPA/CPRA, personal information does not include:
Publicly available information from government records
Deidentified or aggregated consumer information
Information excluded from the CCPA/CPRA's scope, such as:
Health or medical information covered by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) and the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act (CMIA) or clinical trial data
Personal Information covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FRCA), the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) or California Financial Information Privacy Act (FIPA), and the Driver's Privacy Protection Act of 1994
Sources of Personal Information
We obtain the categories of personal information listed above from the following categories of sources:
Directly from You
. For example, from the forms You complete on our Service, preferences You express or provide through our Service, or from Your purchases on our Service.
Indirectly from You
. For example, from observing Your activity on our Service.
Automatically from You
. For example, through cookies We or our Service Providers set on Your Device as You navigate through our Service.
From Service Providers
. For example, third-party vendors to monitor and analyze the use of our Service, third-party vendors for payment processing,  or other third-party vendors that We use to provide the Service to You.
Use of Personal Information
We may use or disclose personal information We collect for "business purposes" or "commercial purposes" (as defined under the CCPA/CPRA), which may include the following examples:
To operate our Service and provide You with Our Service.
To provide You with support and to respond to Your inquiries, including to investigate and address Your concerns and monitor and improve our Service.
To fulfill or meet the reason You provided the information. For example, if You share Your contact information to ask a question about our Service, We will use that personal information to respond to Your inquiry. If You provide Your personal information to purchase a product or service, We will use that information to process Your payment and facilitate delivery.
To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations.
As described to You when collecting Your personal information or as otherwise set forth in the CCPA/CPRA.
For internal administrative and auditing purposes.
To detect security incidents and protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity, including, when necessary, to prosecute those responsible for such activities.
Other one-time uses.
Please note that the examples provided above are illustrative and not intended to be exhaustive. For more details on how we use this information, please refer to the "Use of Your Personal Data" section.
If We decide to collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information We collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes We will update this Privacy Policy.
Disclosure of Personal Information
We may use or disclose and may have used or disclosed in the last twelve (12) months the following categories of personal information for business or commercial purposes:
Category A: Identifiers
Category B: Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e))
Category D: Commercial information
Category F: Internet or other similar network activity
Please note that the categories listed above are those defined in the CCPA/CPRA. This does not mean that all examples of that category of personal information were in fact disclosed, but reflects our good faith belief to the best of our knowledge that some of that information from the applicable category may be and may have been disclosed.
When We disclose personal information for a business purpose or a commercial purpose, We enter a contract that describes the purpose and requires the recipient to both keep that personal information confidential and not use it for any purpose except performing the contract.
Share of Personal Information
We may share, and have shared in the last twelve (12) months, Your personal information identified in the above categories with the following categories of third parties:
Service Providers
Payment processors
Our affiliates
Our business partners
Third party vendors to whom You or Your agents authorize Us to disclose Your personal information in connection with products or services We provide to You
Sale of Personal Information
As defined in the CCPA/CPRA, "sell" and "sale" mean selling, renting, releasing, disclosing, disseminating, making available, transferring, or otherwise communicating orally, in writing, or by electronic or other means, a Consumer's personal information by the Business to a third party for valuable consideration. This means that We may have received some kind of benefit in return for sharing personal information, but not necessarily a monetary benefit.
We do not sell personal information as the term sell is commonly understood. We do allow Service Providers to use Your personal information for the business purposes described in Our Privacy Policy, for activities such as advertising, marketing, and analytics, and these may be deemed a sale under CCPA/CPRA.
We may sell and may have sold in the last twelve (12) months the following categories of personal information:
Category A: Identifiers
Category B: Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e))
Category D: Commercial information
Category F: Internet or other similar network activity
Please note that the categories listed above are those defined in the CCPA/CPRA. This does not mean that all examples of that category of personal information were in fact sold, but reflects our good faith belief to the best of Our knowledge that some of that information from the applicable category may be and may have been shared for value in return.
Sale of Personal Information of Minors Under 16 Years of Age
We do not knowingly collect personal information from minors under the age of 16 through our Service, although certain third party websites that we link to may do so. These third-party websites have their own terms of use and privacy policies and We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children's Internet usage and instruct their children to never provide information on other websites without their permission.
We do not sell the personal information of Consumers We actually know are less than 16 years of age, unless We receive affirmative authorization (the "right to opt-in") from either the Consumer who is between 13 and 16 years of age, or the parent or guardian of a Consumer less than 13 years of age. Consumers who opt-in to the sale of personal information may opt-out of future sales at any time. To exercise the right to opt-out, You (or Your authorized representative) may submit a request to Us by contacting Us.
If You have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 (or 16) has provided Us with personal information, please contact Us with sufficient detail to enable Us to delete that information.
Your Rights under the CCPA/CPRA
The CCPA/CPRA provides California residents with specific rights regarding their personal information. If You are a resident of California, You have the following rights:
The right to notice.
You have the right to be notified which categories of Personal Data are being collected and the purposes for which the Personal Data is being used.
The right to know/access.
Under CCPA/CPRA, You have the right to request that We disclose information to You about Our collection, use, sale, disclosure for business purposes and share of personal information. Once We receive and confirm Your request, We will disclose to You:
The categories of personal information We collected about You
The categories of sources for the personal information We collected about You
Our business or commercial purposes for collecting or selling that personal information
The categories of third parties with whom We share that personal information
The specific pieces of personal information We collected about You
If we sold Your personal information or disclosed Your personal information for a business purpose, We will disclose to You:
The categories of personal information categories sold
The categories of personal information categories disclosed
The right to say no to the sale or sharing of Personal Data (opt-out).
You have the right to direct Us to not sell Your personal information. To submit an opt-out request, please see the "Do Not Sell My Personal Information" section or contact Us.
The right to correct Personal Data.
You have the right to correct or rectify any inaccurate personal information about You that We collected. Once We receive and confirm Your request, We will use commercially reasonable efforts to correct (and direct our Service Providers to correct) Your personal information, unless an exception applies.
The right to limit use and disclosure of sensitive Personal Data.
You have the right to request to limit the use or disclosure of certain sensitive personal information We collected about You, unless an exception applies. To submit, please see the "Limit the Use or Disclosure of My Sensitive Personal Information" section or contact Us.
The right to delete Personal Data.
You have the right to request the deletion of Your Personal Data under certain circumstances, subject to certain exceptions. Once We receive and confirm Your request, We will delete (and direct Our Service Providers to delete) Your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies. We may deny Your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for Us or Our Service Providers to:
Complete the transaction for which We collected the personal information, provide a good or service that You requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with You, or otherwise perform our contract with You.
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 et. seq.).
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information's deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research's achievement, if You previously provided informed consent.
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on Your relationship with Us.
Comply with a legal obligation.
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which You provided it.
The right not to be discriminated against.
You have the right not to be discriminated against for exercising any of Your consumer's rights, including by:
Denying goods or services to You
Charging different prices or rates for goods or services, including the use of discounts or other benefits or imposing penalties
Providing a different level or quality of goods or services to You
Suggesting that You will receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services
Exercising Your CCPA/CPRA Data Protection Rights
Please see the "Do Not Sell My Personal Information" section and "Limit the Use or Disclosure of My Sensitive Personal Information" section for more information on how to opt out and limit the use of sensitive information collected.
Additionally, in order to exercise any of Your rights under the CCPA/CPRA, and if You are a California resident, You can contact Us:
By email: support@bankan.tech
Only You, or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that You authorize to act on Your behalf, may make a verifiable request related to Your personal information.
Your request to Us must:
Provide sufficient information that allows Us to reasonably verify You are the person about whom We collected personal information or an authorized representative
Describe Your request with sufficient detail that allows Us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it
We cannot respond to Your request or provide You with the required information if We cannot:
Verify Your identity or authority to make the request
And confirm that the personal information relates to You
We will disclose and deliver the required information free of charge within 45 days of receiving Your verifiable request. The time period to provide the required information may be extended once by an additional 45 days when reasonably necessary and with prior notice.
Any disclosures We provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable request's receipt.
For data portability requests, We will select a format to provide Your personal information that is readily usable and should allow You to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
As defined in the CCPA/CPRA, "sell" and "sale" mean selling, renting, releasing, disclosing, disseminating, making available, transferring, or otherwise communicating orally, in writing, or by electronic or other means, a Consumer's personal information by the Business to a third party for valuable consideration. This means that We may have received some kind of benefit in return for sharing personal information, but not necessarily a monetary benefit.
We do not sell personal information as the term sell is commonly understood. We do allow Service Providers to use Your personal information for the business purposes described in Our Privacy Policy, for activities such as advertising, marketing, and analytics, and these may be deemed a sale under CCPA/CPRA.
You have the right to opt-out of the sale of Your personal information. Once We receive and confirm a verifiable consumer request from You, we will stop selling Your personal information. To exercise Your right to opt-out, please contact Us.
The Service Providers we partner with (for example, our analytics or advertising partners) may use technology on the Service that sells personal information as defined by the CCPA/CPRA law. If you wish to opt out of the use of Your personal information for interest-based advertising purposes and these potential sales as defined under CCPA/CPRA law, you may do so by following the instructions below.
Please note that any opt out is specific to the browser You use. You may need to opt out on every browser that You use.
Website
If applicable, click "Privacy Preferences", "Update Privacy Preferences" or "Do Not Sell My Personal Information" buttons listed on the Service to review your privacy preferences and opt out of cookies and other technologies that We may use. Please note that You will need to opt out from each browser that You use to access the Service.
Additionally, You can opt out of receiving ads that are personalized as served by our Service Providers by following our instructions presented on the Service:
The NAI's opt-out platform:
http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
The EDAA's opt-out platform
http://www.youronlinechoices.com/
The DAA's opt-out platform:
http://optout.aboutads.info/?c=2&lang=EN
The opt out will place a cookie on Your computer that is unique to the browser You use to opt out. If you change browsers or delete the cookies saved by your browser, You will need to opt out again.
Mobile Devices
Your mobile device may give You the ability to opt out of the use of information about the apps You use in order to serve You ads that are targeted to Your interests:
"Opt out of Interest-Based Ads" or "Opt out of Ads Personalization" on Android devices
"Limit Ad Tracking" on iOS devices
You can also stop the collection of location information from Your mobile device by changing the preferences on Your mobile device.
Limit the Use or Disclosure of My Sensitive Personal Information
If You are a California resident, You have the right to limit the use and disclosure of Your sensitive personal information to that use which is necessary to perform the services or provide the goods reasonably expected by an average Consumer who requests such services or goods.
We collect, use and disclose sensitive personal information in ways that are necessary to provide the Service. For more information on how We use Your personal information, please see the "Use of Your Personal Data" section or contact us.
"Do Not Track" Policy as Required by California Online Privacy Protection Act (CalOPPA)
Our Service does not respond to Do Not Track signals.
However, some third party websites do keep track of Your browsing activities. If You are visiting such websites, You can set Your preferences in Your web browser to inform websites that You do not want to be tracked. You can enable or disable DNT by visiting the preferences or settings page of Your web browser.
Your California Privacy Rights (California's Shine the Light law)
Under California Civil Code Section 1798 (California's Shine the Light law), California residents with an established business relationship with us can request information once a year about sharing their Personal Data with third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes.
If you'd like to request more information under the California Shine the Light law, and if You are a California resident, You can contact Us using the contact information provided below.
California Privacy Rights for Minor Users (California Business and Professions Code Section 22581)
California Business and Professions Code Section 22581 allows California residents under the age of 18 who are registered users of online sites, services or applications to request and obtain removal of content or information they have publicly posted.
To request removal of such data, and if You are a California resident, You can contact Us using the contact information provided below, and include the email address associated with Your account.
Be aware that Your request does not guarantee complete or comprehensive removal of content or information posted online and that the law may not permit or require removal in certain circumstances.
Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If You are a parent or guardian and You are aware that Your child has provided Us with Personal Data, please contact Us. If We become aware that We have collected Personal Data from anyone under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, We take steps to remove that information from Our servers.
If We need to rely on consent as a legal basis for processing Your information and Your country requires consent from a parent, We may require Your parent's consent before We collect and use that information.
Links to Other Websites
Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. If You click on a third party link, You will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let You know via email and/or a prominent notice on Our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "Last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:
By email: support@bankan.tech
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.freeprivacypolicy.com/blog/sample-privacy-policy-template/#Use_Of_Cookies_And_Tracking:
Home
Blog
Sample Privacy Policy Template
Sample Privacy Policy Template
Written by Maria Ansari
                      
                        (FreePrivacyPolicy Legal writer)
                      
                      and last updated on 06 September 2022.
A Privacy Policy is a document where you disclose what personal data you collect from your website's visitors, how you collect it, how you use it and other important details about your privacy practices.
In this post, we'll take a look at what Privacy Policies are and why you likely need to have one posted on your website. We'll also go over some important clauses that are useful to include in your Privacy Policy. Finally, we'll look at how different websites display their Privacy Policies.
Our
Free Privacy Policy Generator
helps you create a custom Privacy Policy for your website and mobile app
. Just follow these few simple steps and your Privacy Policy will be ready to display in minutes.
Click on the "
Free Privacy Policy Generator
" button, located at the top of the website.
Select where your Privacy Policy will be used
:
Answer a few questions about your business
:
Enter the country
and click on the "
Next Step
" button:
Continue with building your Privacy Policy
while answering on questions from our wizard:
Almost done. Now
enter your email address
where you'd like your new Privacy Policy sent and click on the "
Generate
" button and you're done.
That's it. Now you can copy and paste your Privacy Policy code into your website, or link to your hosted Privacy Policy
.
1.
What's a Privacy Policy?
2.
A Privacy Policy is Required by Law
3.
A Privacy Policy is Required by Third Party Services
4.
Be Transparent in Your Privacy Policy
5.
Recommended Clauses for Your Privacy Policy
5.1.
Type of Information You Collect
5.2.
How the Collected Information is Processed and Shared
5.3.
Use of Cookies and Tracking
5.4.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
6.
Examples of Websites with Privacy Policies
6.1.
Reddit
6.2.
Canva
6.3.
The New York Times
7.
FAQ on Privacy Policies
8.
Summary
What's a Privacy Policy?
Privacy Policies are legally binding agreements you are
required
to post on your website if you're collecting any sort of personal information from your site's visitors or customers.
A Privacy Policy is an important legal document that lets users understand the various ways a website might be collecting personal information. The purpose of a Privacy Policy is to inform users of your data collection practices in order to protect the customer's privacy.
Your Privacy Policy should disclose how the website/app collects information, how the information is used, whether or not it is shared with third parties and how it is protected and stored.
There are 3 main reasons for having a Privacy Policy: (1) you're required by law, (2) you're required by third party services, (3) you want to be transparent.
A Privacy Policy is Required by Law
You're most likely required by the law to have one posted on your website. The
applicable laws
in your region or the region you're conducting business in may require you to include and abide by certain clauses in your Privacy Policy.
For instance, in the United States, the California Online Privacy Protection Act (
CalOPPA
) requires websites that collect personal information from the residents of the state of California to include a statement in their Privacy Policy that discloses how you handle their information. Since there isn't a way to filter out visitors from California, you're likely required to comply with CalOPPA even if your website is ran from a location nowhere near California.
The EU's
GDPR
also requires a Privacy Policy from most businesses around the world that collect any personal information - including simply an email address - from people located in the EU.
Forever 21's
Privacy Policy agreement has a separate section on
California Residents
that explains the rights of the residents of California in compliance with CalOPPA.
Similarly, Canada's Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (
PIPEDA
), the Eu's General Data Protection Regulation (
GDPR
), and
Australia's
Privacy Act of 1988 also require you to post a Privacy Policy and include certain clauses in it if you're collecting any personal information from the residents of these regions.
A Privacy Policy is Required by Third Party Services
Most of the third party services you use to improve your website's user experience, monitor analytics or display advertisements require you to post a Privacy Policy on your website.
According to their requirements, you should include clauses that disclose how you use these third party services, APIs, SDKs, plugins, etc.
Some of the most popular third party services that require you to post a Privacy Policy on your website include:
Google Analytics
Google AdSense
Google AdWords
Amazon Affiliates
ClickBank
Twitter Lead Generation
Facebook Apps
Google Play Store
Apple's App Store
Analytics services work by placing cookies on your visitors' devices and then collecting information about them when they visit your website, such as which device(s) they use, browsing activities, etc.
This is why third party services (like Google Analytics) require you to post a Privacy Policy that discloses your usage of their services and cookies.
Google Analytics'
Terms of Service agreement states in its
Privacy
section that you must post a Privacy Policy on your website that discloses your use of cookies and your use of Google Analytics and how it collects and processes data.
Websites and web applications that use analytics services to improve the user experience they deliver must therefore abide by these rules.
If you're a Facebook app developer, you're required by
Facebook
to post a Privacy Policy on your website that's easily accessible and discloses the information you collect and how you will use that information.
Be Transparent in Your Privacy Policy
As more and more people online are becoming aware of privacy laws, having a Privacy Policy displayed on your website that discloses how you gather and handle your visitors' personal information is a great way to build trust and help your website users feel secure.
It's a good practice to follow even if you're not collecting any sort of personal information from your website's visitors. This is because Privacy Policies are increasingly prevalent. If a visitor sees that you don't have one published, she may be led to believe that you do, in fact, collect information from your visitors but aren't disclosing it. It's better to have one posted that states that you do not collect any information from your site's visitors. This is especially true for blogs.
DuckDuckGo
, for example, has a Privacy Policy posted on its website that simply states that it doesn't collect any personal information from visitors.
Recommended Clauses for Your Privacy Policy
The clauses you include in your Privacy Policy depend on a number of factors including the type of business you're running and the applicable law. However, there are some clauses that just about every website that collects personal information from visitors includes in a Privacy Policy.
A Privacy Policy should be organized in a way that helps the reader understand key categories of information. This is best done with well-structured and clearly written clauses, neatly identified with descriptive headlines.
Let's take a look at some examples of clauses that are useful to add in a Privacy Policy agreement:
Type of Information You Collect
Most Privacy Policies start out by disclosing
the type of information the business collects
from its visitors or customers. It lets the end user know which type of personal information they can expect to provide, whether required or optional.
Let's take a look at
MailChimp's
Privacy Policy agreement:
MailChimp has an incredibly detailed
Your Information
section which explains what information it collects from users. It's been divided into several sections -
Information you provide to us, Information we collect automatically, Information we collect from other sources, Information from the use of our mobile apps
.
It identifies the personal information you provide when you sign up with them and/or purchase their services such as name, address, email address, IP address, and credit card information.
Some web applications, like
GitHub
, collect information from their site's visitors in addition to their end users.
Here's a look at how GitHub explains this in its Privacy Policy agreement:
GitHub explains that it collects personally-identifying information from website's visitors and why it's collected. The type of information collected from users who have accounts on GitHub is also disclosed.
How the Collected Information is Processed and Shared
You're required to disclose
how you process and share
the personal information you collect from your site's visitors. It should explain what you do with the information after you've collected it.
For example, in its Privacy Policy,
LogMeIn
explains the different ways it uses the personal information it collects:
LogMeIn also has a section in its Privacy Policy that explains how it shares visitors' personal information with third parties:
Use of Cookies and Tracking
Websites that use cookies or other technologies to obtain personal information from their website's visitors or customers include a cookies clause in their Privacy Policies. Generally, the cookies clause states that
the website uses cookies
,
why
it uses them, and
how users can disable cookies
on their devices.
Canva's
Privacy Policy has a section on
Cookies information
that explains cookies usage.
It says that Canva uses cookies to improve your experience with their website by helping you log in faster and making their on-site navigation better. Cookies are also placed in order to track how you use the website. Canva discloses that its business partners also receive this information. Finally, it's noted that if you disable cookies, some features of Canva might not work properly.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
You will likely have to change the content of your Privacy Policy at some time. For this reason, most Privacy Policies have a clause that states how they will inform users about updates and revisions to the agreement.
Let's take a look at LogMeIn's Privacy Policy again:
This clause states that the Policy may be updated and discloses how notifications of material changes will be given. It also says that if you continue to use the services after the update then you automatically agree to the revised Privacy Policy.
Examples of Websites with Privacy Policies
Regardless of whether you're running a website, web app, mobile app or desktop app, if you're collecting personal information from your end users then you're required to post a Privacy Policy.
Most websites provide a link to their Privacy Policy in their homepage footer, main navigation, or an appropriate sub-menu.
Let's take a look at the Privacy Policy agreements of some popular websites.
Reddit
Reddit
links to its Privacy Policy from the fine print in the footer of the homepage:
The Privacy Policy itself follows the same format and theme as the rest of the website and includes anchor navigation links in the left sidebar.
It includes the following clauses:
What We Collect
How We Use Information About You
How Information About You is Shared
Ads and Analytics Partners
Your Choices
Other Information
Contact Us
Canva
Canva's Privacy Policy uses short summaries to the right of the clauses to help summarize information for readers. This helps make the Policy easier to understand and more user-friendly.
The New York Times
The New York Times
has a link to the Privacy Policy in the website's footer:
The Privacy Policy includes anchor navigation links, a search bar and a button to initiate chat. The benefit in this formatting is that it makes it easy for the site visitor to find information they need to fully understand their privacy rights.
FAQ on Privacy Policies
Yes, a Privacy Policy is required by law in multiple countries such as United States (California), Europe (all member states), Canada, UK, Australia, South Africa, South Korea and many other countries.
Generally, yes. Most third-party services such as Google Analytics or mobile apps App Store (Apple App Store or Google Play Store) will require a Privacy Policy.
Certain clauses or provisions should be present in your Privacy Policy:
The personal information you collect from visitors
How the collected personal information is processed and shared (and with whom)
If you use cookies or any other tracking methods
Summary
If you're collecting any sort of
personal information
from your website's visitors, end users, subscribers, customers, or clients then you're most likely
required by law or by third party services
to post a Privacy Policy on your website.
You need to be aware of:
The privacy laws and Privacy Policy requirements in the
jurisdiction
your business is based in and the jurisdiction(s) where your site visitors live.
The Terms of Service requirements of any
third party services
your website or app uses.
About this article
Last updated
This article was last updated on 06 September 2022.
Author
Maria Ansari
FreePrivacyPolicy Legal writer
Category
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer
Please note that legal information, including legal templates and legal policies, is not legal advice.
Try out our free generators
Free Privacy Policy Generator
Free Cookie Consent
Free Terms and Conditions Generator
Free Cookies Policy Generator
Free Disclaimer Generator
Free EULA Generator
Free Return & Refund Policy Generator
What our customers says
I like the steps to create a Privacy Policy.
— Anonymous
Thank you for making it so simple and easy to create a proper and compliant privacy policy!
— Andrea - Toronto Success Coach
Quick and easy way to secure our company website. Thanks for making this a great user experience.
— Anthony - Canine Behavioral Services
Thank you for your time and help. Setting up a Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service is easier than I thought.
— Casey H - Casis Boutique
Read more from our blog
Will a Privacy Policy Satisfy the CCPA/CPRA's Notice at Collection Requirement?
The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA/CPRA) requires affected businesses to take several actions, including publishing particular information in particular forms.

This includes a narrow list of information when collecting personal data...
Google Analytics and Your Privacy Policy
If your website or app runs Google Analytics, you will need to have a Privacy Policy in place in order to comply with current privacy laws and with Google's Terms...
How Long We Keep Your Information Clause
Most privacy laws cover how you can collect, use and share personal information, but that's not the end of the story. Some laws also say you must tell users how...
Sub-policy 1
https://posthog.com/privacy:
Privacy policy,
PostHog style
The internet has wrecked our attention span.
(Thanks, Buzzfeed!)
Long paragraphs are boring. So we've summarized our privacy policy for you.
Here's the gist in a familiar format you can probably skim while driving. (Or 💩.)
Summary of our privacy policy
Semi-important legal notice
from
our over-zealous legal team
:
(Serif font demonstrates how important this disclaimer is)
The following is only a summary of PostHog's privacy policy. Please read
the full privacy policy
and don't rely on 140 characters at a time, especially from someone who isn't a lawyer.
James Hawkins
@james406
Our privacy policy covers it all – from cookies 🍪 to your data protection rights under your country’s law 🌍. Read it carefully as using our site means you agree to it!
Reply
Repost
Like
James Hawkins
@james406
🔓 As an open-source project, some info you share might be public for our awesome community’s collaboration. But don't worry, we’re committed to collecting and sharing the minimum amount of personal info. We're the Data Controller for all this!
Reply
Repost
Like
James Hawkins
@james406
💻 We collect data like your IP address, device info, and pages/content you view to improve your experience. No third-party cookies here – we don’t do retargeting ads or creepy tracking!
Reply
Repost
Like
James Hawkins
@james406
🛠️ We gather usage data from our self-managed instances to analyze and improve our site, but you can opt out. If you share your info, like name and email, it’s only used for necessary stuff. No sensitive info like genetic data here, and definitely no under-18 data!
Reply
Repost
Like
James Hawkins
@james406
Here's a cat gif to keep you engaged (and to keep the algos intrigued). Please like/RT.
Thanks, Giphy!
Reply
Repost
Like
James Hawkins
@james406
🌐 We share necessary info of yours with service providers to run our site and product, but nothing else. We’re part of the EU-US Data Privacy Framework, ensuring your data is safe.
Reply
Repost
Like
James Hawkins
@james406
📬 We may contact you occasionally via email with updates, but you can unsubscribe anytime. We promise not to spam you! Our first-party cookies remember you and improve your experience. Reminder: we don't use any third-party cookies.
Reply
Repost
Like
James Hawkins
@james406
🚀 We respect your rights and keep your info as long as your account is active. You can delete it anytime. Contributions to our projects remain public to keep the integrity of our open-source code.
Reply
Repost
Like
James Hawkins
@james406
If you liked this summary, you'll love following me on
Reply
Repost
Like
The full
(but still easy to understand)
privacy policy
For your sanity, we've summarized each paragraph of legalese with plain English.
(This was inspired by
500px
who did it first and deserve full credit! We tried to do it better but we couldn't.)
You probably realize this, but the summaries
below each section in blockquotes (under the
"What it means
subheaders)
in the right-hand column
exist solely to aid your comprehension and alleviate boredom. They're not legally binding.
The
actual
privacy policy
is everything
not in blockquotes
is in the left column below
.
(Can you believe we actually had to clarify this?)
Table of contents
Introduction
What information PostHog collects and why
Information PostHog does not collect
Lawful basis and purposes for processing your personal information
How PostHog uses and protects your personal information
Cookies, tracking technologies and Do Not Track
Global privacy practices and your rights
Data retention and deletion
CCPA addendum
Job applications
Data processing agreements
Security measures
Contacting PostHog about your privacy
Privacy policy
(with handy summaries at the end of each section)
Introduction
What it means
This privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") applies to all visitors and customers of the PostHog.com hosted services and websites (collectively, the "Website" or "Websites") and self-managed installations, which are offered by PostHog Inc (formerly Hiberly Inc) and/or any of its affiliates ("PostHog" or "we" or "us") and describes how we process your personal information in connection with those Websites or self managed installations, customer events and demos, and how we collect information through the use of cookies and related technologies. It also tells you how you can access and update your personal information and describes the data protection rights that may be available under your country’s or state's laws, including (in the European Economic Area ("EEA"), and UK), a right to object to some processing that we carry out or, where we rely on consent, how to withdraw that consent. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. By accessing or using any part of the Websites or self-managed installations, you acknowledge you have been informed of and consent to our practices with regard to your personal information and data.
PostHog is an open source project and collaborative community, as well as a company. This means that many portions of our Websites, including information you voluntarily provide, will be public-facing for the open sharing of innovative developments, ideas, and information that makes our collaborative community so great. While we are committed to open sharing, we strive to respect the privacy of individual community members and will minimize the information we collect and share. If you do not want to share your information, including personally identifiable information, with other community members and the public, please be thoughtful as to how you interact with our Websites and what information you provide through the Websites (for example, through creating a public profile, project contributions, comments, and blog posts).
Unless otherwise stated, we act as the data controller for the data processing operations described in this Privacy Policy.
We may provide additional information about our privacy practices in other places - for example, when we ask you to provide personal information in connection with a particular service or when you apply for a job with us.
This policy describes how we use your personal information when you use the PostHog app or visit our website. It includes:
Use of cookies
How you can access your personal info
Your data protection rights under your country’s or state’s law.
We suggest you read the privacy policy carefully as by using our website you are agreeing to it.
PostHog is an open-source project, so some of the information you voluntarily provide will be public facing for sharing ideas – it’s what makes us such a great collaborative community.
However, we are committed to minimizing the info we collect and share, and in particular any personal info.
PostHog is the Data Controller for what is described in this Privacy Policy.
We also might provide more information about other privacy related matters if you give us personal info, like if you apply for a job with us.
What information PostHog collects and why
Information from website visitors
Like most website operators, PostHog automatically collects (i) technical information about your device including your device's internet protocol (IP) address; and (ii) information about your visit to our Websites (the referral URL, the content viewed and the content interacted with).
Some of this information is collected using cookies and related technologies. See below for further information on these technologies. We collect this information to better understand how visitors use our Websites, to improve our Websites and experience for visitors, and to monitor the security of the Websites.
For logged-in customers to PostHog deployments, PostHog also collects this information on our application using our own software, to help us understand how to make the deployments more useful for different categories of customer.
We collect things like:
IP address
Information about your device
Pages you have viewed
Content you have viewed
We use cookies to do this and they help us understand how we can improve a user's experience.
We use our own products to do this. eg we will use our Session Replay tool to debug user issues or understand how to improve our product.
FYI, we don’t use any third-party cookies at all. This means we don’t run any retargeting ad campaigns, or use any other invasive tracking techniques that follow you around the internet.
Usage data information from self-managed PostHog instances
PostHog automatically collects information about usage from each self-managed PostHog instance (Open Source, Scale and Enterprise Edition). We may use cookies and similar technologies to collect some of this information. It is possible to opt out of your personal information being transferred, and for self-managed PostHog instances, we do not track your end users at all. PostHog tracks the usage of these instances at an aggregate level – it is also possible to prevent this through modifying the code, which is made available to you.
We automatically collect info on your usage of our self-managed instances. You can opt out of this.
Personal information
You may choose to interact with our Websites in ways that provide us with your personal information. In some instances, a User ID is generated for form and URL tracking, page views, page pings, and usage counts in order to ascertain product performance and development.
The amount and type of information that PostHog gathers depends on the nature of your interaction with us, as well as the amount of information you choose to share. For example, we ask visitors who use our community group to provide a username and email address. We will also collect the information you provide with us in connection with creating an account on the Website.
Certain profile information (such as your username) may be shared publicly, as well as activity under your profile. If you report a security vulnerability to PostHog and request public acknowledgement, then we may publicly disclose the personal information you provided to us in connection with the report, including your name to fulfill your request for acknowledgement.
In each case, PostHog collects such personal information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of your interaction with or your request to PostHog. We may also collect certain personal information during live in-person events and demos. We will not disclose your personal information other than as described in this Privacy Policy.
We may aggregate all information (including your personal information) collected from our Websites and self-managed installations for our own statistical and analytics purposes and share such aggregated information with third parties for our own promotional purposes (e.g. by publishing a report on trends in the usage of our Websites).
When you use our websites or app, we may generate an anonymous User ID for pageview tracking etc.
We only collect personal information you share with us, such as your name and email address when you sign up to our product or website community.
If you report a security vulnerability publicly then we may disclose your personal info, but only if the action requires it – e.g. to provide recognition for your reporting of a security vulnerability.
We aggregate the info we collect to analyze usage and improve our website.
Information PostHog does not collect
PostHog does not intentionally collect sensitive or special category personal information, such as genetic data, biometric data for the purposes of uniquely identifying a natural person, health information, or religious information.
PostHog does not knowingly collect information from or direct any of our Website or content specifically to children under the age of 18. If we learn or have reason to suspect that a customer is under the age of 18, we will close that account.
We don’t collect any seriously sensitive information, like genetic or biometric data, and definitely no data on children under 18.
If we think you’re under 18, we will close your account.
Lawful basis and purposes for processing your personal information
To fulfill a contract or take steps linked to a contract with you
We use your personal information to:
administer access to your accounts;
manage our customer relationships;
process orders, provide our products and services and send you service-related communications; and
provide you with customer support.
This explains how we use your personal information to fulfill our contract(s) with you.
Legitimate interests
We use your personal information:
to improve and personalize your experience with us and our Websites and to tailor communications to you;
to monitor and improve the performance of our products and services for administrative, security and fraud prevention purposes;
for our own internal functions, management and corporate reporting, and internal research and analytics;
to enforce compliance with our
terms of use
and other policies or otherwise in connection with legal claims, compliance, regulatory and investigatory purposes as necessary (including disclosure of such information in connection with legal process or litigation); and
We only use your information for stuff we actually need.
Consent
We may rely on your consent:
Where you ask us to send marketing information (e.g. newsletter updates) via a medium where we need your consent under applicable law (for example email marketing in some countries);
Where you give us consent to place cookies or similar technologies;
On other occasions where we ask for your consent, for the purpose we explain at the time.
You may withdraw your consent at any time through the unsubscribe feature provided with the relevant marketing email or by contacting us using the details in the ‘Contacting PostHog About Your Privacy’ section of this Privacy Policy.
We always rely on your consent.
You can withdraw consent at any time following the process in the section below about contacting us.
How PostHog uses and protects your personal information
Sharing your information
PostHog may share your personal information with the third-parties listed below for the purposes that are described in this Privacy Policy or otherwise with your consent.
PostHog only shares your personal information with those of its employees, contractors, and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that personal information in order to process it on PostHog's behalf or to provide services available on the Website, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others
PostHog uses other companies to provide our services.
We only use them for the purpose of providing our website and product, nothing else.
Service Providers and partners
. PostHog engages a number of service providers or partners to manage or support certain aspects of our business operations on our behalf. For instance, we currently use the following service providers who will handle your personal information:
AWS - cloud data hosting
BuildBetter - product success platform
Clearbit - marketing data engine
Cloudflare - cloud data hosting
Customer.io - email campaign service provider
Digital Ocean - website user data for community profiles
GitHub - open source repositories and internal project management tool
Google Cloud Platform - cloud data hosting
Google Workspace - internal collaboration tools
Heroku - cloud data hosting
OpenPhone - SMS campaigns
Salesforce - CRM database
Sentry - application monitoring and error tracking
Slack - internal communications tool
Vitally - CRM database
Zendesk - customer support tool
Our service providers and partners are required by contract to safeguard any personal information they receive from us and are prohibited from using the personal information for any purpose other than to perform the services as instructed by PostHog.
Here is the list of companies we use. This applies to your personal data, not the data of your users.
Affiliates.
PostHog is a global business, headquartered in the United States. Your personal information collected by us in accordance with this Privacy Policy is used and shared by PostHog Inc to our affiliate company based in the UK (Hiberly Ltd) for the purposes of providing the Websites, delivering our Products and services, managing your accounts, hosting, IT, security, support, billing, marketing, and communications.
PostHog is a US business, but we also have a UK company.
Legal Requirements.
We may disclose personal information to government authorities or other third-parties if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) comply with a subpoena, court order or similar legal obligation, (b) protect and defend our rights or property, (c) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of any Website or the public, (d) protect against legal liability, (e) to investigate fraud or other unlawful activity, or (f) or as otherwise required or permitted by law.
Please note, email and IP addresses of users of a PostHog deployment may be shared with the respective users of that deployment.
PostHog takes measures reasonably necessary to protect your personal information against any unauthorized access, use, alteration, or destruction.
PostHog at its sole discretion may make use of company logos where those companies are using the software that we provide. If you have concerns over the use of your logo, please email logos@posthog.com.
We will disclose information to government authorities if we’re legally obliged to do so.
International transfer of personal information
The Websites are hosted in the United States, or in Germany if you are a PostHog Cloud customer who has selected EU hosting, and the personal information we collect about our customers' users will be stored and processed on our servers in either the United States or Germany. Information about our customers is processed in the United States by us, and may also be by the service providers and partners listed above. Our employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that process information for us as described above may be located in the United States or in other countries outside of your home country which may have different data protection standards to those which apply in your home country.
Where your personal information is transferred outside of the EEA, Switzerland and UK and where this is to a country which is not subject to an adequacy decision by the EU Commission or considered adequate as determined by applicable data protection laws, we will take steps to ensure your personal information is adequately protected by safeguards such as Standard Contractual Clauses ("SCCs") approved by the EU Commission or by the UK Government. A copy of the relevant mechanism can be obtained for your review on request by using the contact details in the ‘Contacting PostHog About Your Privacy’ section of this Privacy Policy.
Posthog complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework ("EU-U.S. DPF"), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework ("Swiss-U.S. DPF") as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Posthog has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. DPF Principles with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Posthog has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles (together, the "DPF Principles"), the DPF Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework ("DPF") program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, PostHog Inc commits to cooperate and comply with the advice of the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs) and the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) with regard to unresolved complaints concerning our handling of human resources data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF in the context of the employment relationship
For the actions of third party agents PostHog engages to process data on our behalf, PostHog remains responsible and liable under the DPF Principles if a third party agent processes the Personal Data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless PostHog proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
PostHog might have to share your information outside of the country you are in. PostHog is part of the
EU-US Data Privacy Framework
, so we rely on various mechanisms that this provides to do so.
Disputes
As part of our commitment to the DPF Principles, if you are a resident of the European Union, UK, or Switzerland and you have a privacy or data use concern, please contact PostHog directly at privacy@posthog.com and PostHog will use its best efforts to address your concern within 45 days of receipt of your complaint. For an unresolved privacy or data use concern that PostHog has not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S. based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://www.jamsadr.com/dpf-dispute-resolution
For any DPF disputes that cannot be resolved by the methods above, you may be able to invoke a binding arbitration process under certain conditions. To find out more about the DPF's binding arbitration scheme, please see Annex I of the DPF Principles, here:
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/Participation-Requirements-Data-Privacy-Framework-DPF-Principles-dpf
. The Federal Trade Commission has investigation and enforcement authority over PostHog’s compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF
If you dispute anything we’ve done, you can use the links provided to resolve this.
PostHog communications with you
If you are a registered user of the Websites and have supplied your email address, PostHog may occasionally send you an email to tell you about security, system information, new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what's going on with PostHog and our products. We primarily use our blog to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum. There's an unsubscribe link located at the bottom of each of the marketing emails we send you so you can stop receiving such emails at any time.
If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish your request in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other customers. We will not publish your personal information in connection with your request.
PostHog will contact you, mainly over email, from time to time. We promise we won’t spam you, but you can unsubscribe whenever you like.
Cookies, tracking technologies and Do Not Track
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. PostHog uses cookies to help PostHog identify and track visitors, their usage of the Websites, and their Website access preferences. PostHog visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers may set their browsers to refuse cookies before using the Websites. Disabling browser cookies may cause certain features of PostHog's websites to not function properly.
To remember you, our system will give you a cookie. It's safe. We’re very careful to only have first-party cookies on our site, including when we embed content from other websites, such as YouTube.
Tracking technologies
We do not use third-party tracking services to collect information about you.
We hope this part is pretty clear. However, thanks for actually reading our Privacy Policy, as a reward we’d love to send you a free toilet roll with our Privacy Policy printed on it, send us an email to tpsandcs@posthog.com.
Do Not Track
"Do Not Track" is a privacy preference you can set in your browser if you do not want online services to collect and share certain kinds of information about your online activity from third party tracking services. PostHog does not track your online browsing activity on other online services over time and we do not permit third-party services to track your activity on our site. Because we do not share this kind of data with third party services or permit this kind of third party data collection for any of our users, and we do not track our users on third-party websites ourselves, we do not need to respond differently to an individual browser's Do Not Track setting.
Because PostHog doesn’t use third-party tracking services, we don’t need to do anything different when it comes to ‘Do Not Track’ settings on an individual's browser.
Global privacy practices and your rights
Information we collect may be stored and processed in the United States in accordance with this Privacy Policy but we understand that users from other countries may have different expectations and rights with regard to their privacy. For all Website visitors and customers, no matter their country of location, we will:
provide clear methods of unambiguous, informed consent when we do collect your personal information and where required by applicable law;
only collect the minimum amount of personal information necessary for the purpose it is collected for, unless you choose to provide us more;
offer you simple methods of accessing, correcting, or deleting your information that we have collected, with the exception of information you voluntarily provide that is necessary to retain as is for the integrity of our project code as described further below; and
provide Website customers notice, choice, accountability, security, and access, and we limit the purpose for processing. We also provide our customers a method of recourse and enforcement.
Where our affiliate within the UK processes your personal information or where we process personal information of individuals located in the EEA, Switzerland or the UK, you are entitled to the following rights with regards to your personal information:
Right of access to your personal information, to know what information we hold about you.
Right to correct any incorrect or incomplete personal information about yourself that we hold.
Right to restrict/suspend our processing of your personal information.
Right to complain to a supervisory authority if you believe your privacy rights are being violated. In the UK, this will be the Information Commissioner.
Additional rights that may apply to you in certain instances:
Right of data portability (if our processing is based on consent or a contract and the processing carried out by automated means);
Right to withdraw consent at any time (if processing is based on consent). If you ask to withdraw your consent, this will not affect any processing which has already taken place at that time.
Right to object to processing (if processing is based on legitimate interests)
Right to object to processing of personal data for direct marketing purposes
Right of erasure of your personal data from our system ("right to be forgotten") if certain grounds are met
These rights may be limited, for example if fulfilling your request would reveal personal information about another person, or if you ask us to delete information which we are required by law or have compelling legitimate interests to keep.
Where we collect personal information to administer your accounts or your contract with us or to comply with our legal obligations, this is mandatory and we will not be able to manage our relationship with you without this. In all other cases, the provision of requested personal information is optional, but this may affect your ability to participate in certain Website-related activities or being able to access and use certain features and services, where the information is needed for those purposes.
To exercise your privacy rights, you can email us at the address given below in the ‘Contacting PostHog About Your Privacy’ section of this Privacy Policy.
PostHog is a US company, with a UK subsidiary, however our users are based all over the world and you still hold lots of rights that we respect.
Data retention and deletion
If you already have an account on the Websites, you may access, update, alter, or delete your basic customer profile information by logging into your account and updating profile settings.
PostHog will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to perform our contractual obligations, provide you services through the Website, to comply with legal obligations, resolve disputes, preserve legal rights, or enforce our agreements. Retention periods will be determined taking into account the type of information that is collected and the purpose for which it is collected, bearing in mind the requirements applicable to the situation and the need to destroy outdated, unused information at the earliest reasonable opportunity. For instance, in respect of data held for the management of customers and potential customers, we consider the lead time necessary to develop and maintain our commercial relationships and how recent our interactions are with you. We may rectify, update or remove incomplete or inaccurate information, at any time and at our own discretion. For more information on our retention periods you can contact us using the details in the “Contacting PostHog About Your Privacy” section of this Privacy Policy.
Please note that due to the open source nature of our products, services, and community, we may retain limited personal information indefinitely in order to ensure transactional integrity and nonrepudiation. For example, if you provide your information in connection with a blog post, GitHub issue or comment, we may display that information even if you have deleted your account as we do not automatically delete community posts. Also, as described in our
Terms of Use
, if you contribute to a PostHog project and provide your personal information in connection with that contribution, that information (including your name) will be embedded and publicly displayed with your contribution and we will not be able to delete or erase it because doing so would break the project code.
PostHog will keep your information as long as you have an active account, but you can delete this at any time by logging in and updating your profile settings.
There are some situations where we cannot delete your information, such as if you provide a contribution to one of our projects.
CCPA addendum
Introduction
This Addendum (“Addendum”) forms part of the Privacy Policy, and of any superseding written agreement, entered by and between you, the Customer (as defined in the Agreement) (“Customer”), and PostHog Inc. (“PostHog”; and collectively – the “Agreement”).
This Addendum reflects the parties’ desire and intent to modify and amend the Agreement, in accordance with the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth, with regard to the processing of Customer Personal Information (as defined below) by PostHog on behalf of the Customer.
Capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Agreement.
You represent and warrant that you have full authority to bind the Customer to this Addendum. If you cannot, or do not agree to, comply with and be bound by this Addendum, or do not have authority to bind the Customer or any other entity, please do not provide any Customer Personal Information to us.
This Addendum shall become effective as of the commencement of processing of Customer Personal Information under the Agreement (“Addendum Effective Date”).
If you need a signed copy of this Addendum you can download a
template
, enter your details, send a request to
privacy@posthog.com
and we’ll provide you a countersigned copy.
Definitions
“
CCPA
” means the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, Cal. Civ. Code §1798.100 et. seq., and its implementing regulations.
“
Customer Personal Information
” means any Customer Data maintained by Customer and processed by PostHog solely on Customer’s behalf, that identifies, relates to, describes, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household, to the extent that such information is protected as “personal information” (or an analogous variation of such term) under applicable U.S. Data Protection Laws.
“
U.S. Data Protection Laws
” means all laws and regulations of the United States of America, including the CCPA, applicable to the processing of personal information (or an analogous variation of such term).
“
Service Provider
” has the meaning set forth in Section 1798.140(v) of the CCPA.
Amendments
Roles
The parties acknowledge and agree that with regard to the processing of Customer Personal Information performed solely on behalf of Customer, PostHog is a Service Provider and receives Customer Personal Information pursuant to the business purpose of providing the Services to Customer in accordance with the Agreement.
No Sale of Customer Personal Information to PostHog
Customer and PostHog hereby acknowledge and agree that in no event shall the transfer of Customer Personal Information from Customer to PostHog pursuant to the Agreement constitute a sale of information to PostHog, and that nothing in the Agreement shall be construed as providing for the sale of Customer Personal Information to PostHog.
Limitations on Use and Disclosure
PostHog is prohibited from using or disclosing Customer Personal Information for any purpose other than the specific purpose of performing the Services specified in the Agreement, the permitted business purposes set under applicable law, and as required under applicable law. PostHog hereby certifies that it understands the foregoing restriction and will comply with it in accordance with the requirements of applicable U.S. Data Protection Laws.
Data Subject Access Requests
PostHog will reasonably assist Customer with any data subject access, erasure or opt-out requests and objections. If PostHog receives any request from data subjects, authorities, or others relating to its data processing, PostHog will without undue delay inform Customer and reasonably assist Customer with developing a response (but PostHog will not itself respond other than to confirm receipt of the request, to inform the data subject, authority or other third party that their request has been forwarded to Customer, and/or to refer them to Customer, except per reasonable instructions from Customer). PostHog will also reasonably assist Customer with the resolution of any request or inquiries that Customer receives from data protection authorities relating to PostHog, unless PostHog elects to object such requests directly with such authorities.
Effect of this Addendum
In the event of any conflict or inconsistency between the terms of this Addendum and the terms of the Agreement with respect to the subject matter hereof and solely where U.S. Data Protection Laws apply, the terms of this Addendum shall control.
This section is specific to California residents.
PostHog acts as a "Service Provider" and processes your personal information only to provide services, not selling it.
We cannot use or disclose your personal information for other purposes and must comply with U.S. Data Protection Laws. We'll help you with data access, erasure, or opt-out requests.
In case of any conflict between this Addendum and the main agreement regarding U.S. Data Protection Laws, this Addendum prevails.
Job applications
This section sets out how we collect, store, and process personal information as part of our recruitment process. It only applies to users of our website who submit an application for one of our open roles and is supplemental to the above Privacy Policy.
We use
Ashby
, an online application provided by Ashby Inc., to assist with our recruitment process. We use Ashby to process personal information as a data processor on our behalf. Ashby is only entitled to process your personal data in accordance with our instructions.
Where you apply for a job opening posted by us, these provisions will apply to our processing of your personal information. When you apply for a job opening via the application function on a job site like LinkedIn or similar online service provider (referred to below as a “Partner”), you should note that the relevant Partner may retain your personal data and may also collect data from us in respect of the progress of your application. Any use by the Partner of your data will be in accordance with the Partner’s privacy policy.
Information we collect from applicants
Information we collect from you
We collect and process some or all of the following types of information from you:
Information you provide when you apply for a role, including contact details such as name, email address, physical address, telephone number
Information relating to your employment history such as resumé/CV, employment history, qualifications and skills
If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence
A record of your progress through any hiring process that we may conduct
Details of your visits to Ashby’s Website including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data, the site that referred you to Ashby’s Website and the resources that you access.
Information we collect from other sources
Ashby provides PostHog with the ability to link the data you provide to us, with other publicly available information about you that you have published online, such as on LinkedIn, GitHub or other public social media profiles.
Ashby allows PostHog to search various databases which may include your personal data (including your CV or résumé), to find possible candidates to fill our job openings. Where we find you in this way, we will obtain your personal data from these sources.
We may receive your personal data from a third party who recommends you as a candidate for a specific job opening or for our business more generally.
When you apply for a job with us, we collect and process your personal information using Ashby, our applicant tracking system. We may also get information from public sources like LinkedIn.
How we use applicant information
We
only
collect and use your personal information for the following purposes:
To communicate with you about the role you have applied for and to manage the recruitment process
To consider your application for potential future job opportunities
We will never use a candidate's personal information for marketing purposes.
Lawful basis and purposes for processing applicant personal information
If you are a national of countries in the European Economic Area (EEA), United Kingdom, or Switzerland, we collect and process your personal information on the following legal bases set out by applicable law:
Consent:
We may ask you for your consent to process your personal information. You can withdraw your consent at any time, which will not affect the lawfulness of the processing before your consent was withdrawn.
Legitimate Interest:
We process certain personal information for our legitimate interests. These legitimate interests include, for example, running our recruitment process and managing applicants.
Compliance with Legal Obligations
: In some cases, we may have a legal obligation to process your personal information, such as to meet our legal requirements or in response to a court or regulatory order. We also may need to process your personal information to protect vital interests, or to exercise, establish, or defend legal claims.
We use your data to manage the hiring process and for future job opportunities, but never for marketing.
International data transfer of applicant data
Your personal information may be processed in the United States, the country where you have applied for a job, or any other country where PostHog has team members or operations.
PostHog may transfer, store, or process your personal information in a country outside your jurisdiction, including countries outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”), Switzerland, and the United Kingdom. If we transfer personal information from the EEA, Switzerland, or United Kingdom to a country outside it, such as the United States, we will enter into Standard Contractual Clauses (“SCCs”) approved by the EU Commission or by the UK Government, with the data importer, or take other measures to provide an adequate level of data protection.
How long we keep applicant personal data
We will hold all the data for 24 months. Prior to that, your personal information will be deleted if:
You delete your personal information; or
You write to us asking us to delete your personal information.
Your rights and choices as an applicant
Please see the section on
Global Privacy Practices and Your Rights
above.
If you're from the EEA, UK, or Switzerland, we handle your data based on consent, legitimate interest, or legal obligations. Your data may be processed outside your country, and we keep it for 24 months unless you ask us to delete it.
Data processing agreements
If you need to enter into a Data Processing Agreement with us, the version you need will depend on whether you have signed up for PostHog Cloud in the US or EU. Please visit our
world-class DPA generator
and follow the instructions to have it counter-signed by PostHog.
We'll counter-sign a data processing agreement after you generate one in our DPA generator and send it to us.
Security measures
You can
view our complete set of security measures
for SOC 2, GDPR, and CCPA.
Our internal security practices are available in our public handbook.
Contacting PostHog about your privacy
The relevant data controller for any personal information processed in connection with our Websites or self-managed installations is PostHog Inc, 2261 Market Street #4008, San Francisco, CA 94114. If you apply for a job with us, the relevant data controller is the country-specific PostHog entity which will be your employer.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our privacy and security practices or you wish to make a complaint about our compliance with applicable privacy laws, please feel free to contact us at
privacy@posthog.com
.
If your query is in connection with a job application, please email us at
careers@posthog.com
.
We have appointed an EU and UK representative who can also be contacted at
privacy@posthog.com
.
If you have questions or concerns about the way we are handling your personal information, or would like to exercise your privacy rights, please email us with the subject line "Privacy Concern" at
privacy@posthog.com
.
In most cases, we will respond within 30 days of receiving your message but please note for promptest response, we recommend emailing us.
If you have questions or concerns about your privacy or want to file a complaint, email us at privacy@posthog.com.
For job applications, email careers@posthog.com.
Privacy policy changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, PostHog may change its privacy policy from time to time, and in PostHog's sole discretion.
We may also provide notification to customers who have provided us email addresses of material changes to this Privacy Policy through our Website. PostHog encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any minor changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
We might change our privacy policy, so check our website often. Your use of our site means you accept any changes.
PostHog.com doesn't use third party cookies
- only a single in-house cookie.
No data is sent to a third party.
Accept
Decline
Terms
Privacy
DPA generator
Why PostHog?
Products
Pricing
Docs
Community
Company
Sub-policy 2
https://www.brevo.com/legal/privacypolicy/:
Table of contents
I. Privacy Policy Personal Data Protection
II. Brevo North America Privacy Policy
If the legal entity you represent or act on behalf of is incorporated in the
USA, Canada, Australia or New Zealand
, the following terms are applicable to you:
Sendinblue Inc. Privacy Policy
If you are a California resident, this latter Privacy Policy (II) shall also be applicable.
I. Privacy Policy Personal Data Protection
This is the Privacy Notice for
Sendinblue SAS
(collectively
referred to as
“
Brevo
,” “
us
,” “
our
,” or “
we
”).
In the course of its activity and for the purposes of providing the Services (as defined in our General Terms of Use), Brevo is required to collect and process the personal data of its users (hereafter referred to as the “Users”).
This privacy policy, implemented by Brevo, is intended to provide the Users with a summary and overview of the processing of personal data carried out by Brevo.
Brevo attaches particular importance to the respect for the privacy of the Users and of the confidentiality of their personal data, and is thus committed to processing the data in compliance with the applicable laws and regulations, and in particular Law No. 78-17 of 6 January 1978 relating to Information Technology, Data Files and Civil Liberties (hereafter referred to as the “Data Protection Act”), and Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data (hereafter referred to as the “GDPR”).
Definitions
Personal data:
any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person, that is, a person who can be identified, directly or indirectly, by reference to an identification number or to one or more elements specific to that person.
Processing of personal data:
any operation or any set of operations relating to personal data, whatever the process used, and in particular the collection, recording, organisation, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, as well as locking, erasure, or destruction.
Cookie :
a cookie is a piece of information placed on the hard drive of Internet users by the server of the site they visit. It contains several pieces of data: the name of the server which installed it, an identifier in the form of a unique number, and possibly an expiry date. This information is sometimes stored on the computer in a simple text file that a server accesses to read and save pieces of information.
Data Controller – DPO
The data controller for the processing of the personal data referred to herein is Brevo, a simplified joint stock company with a share capital of 387,722 Euros, registered with the Paris Trade and Companies Register under number 498 019 298 and whose registered office is located at 106 boulevard Haussmann, 75008 Paris, France.
Brevo has appointed a Data Protection Officer who can be contacted at the following address: dpo@brevo.com.
Data collected
Brevo collects data from Users in order to make the Services for which they have subscribed to the platform available to them.
The mandatory or optional nature of the data provided (in order to complete the Users’ registration and to render the Services) is indicated at the time of collection by an asterisk.
In addition, certain data is collected automatically as a result of the User’s actions on the site (see the paragraph on cookies).
Purposes
The personal data collected by Brevo during the provision of the Services is necessary for the performance of the contracts concluded with the Users, or to allow Brevo to pursue its legitimate interests while respecting the rights of the Users. Certain data may also be processed based on the Users’ consent.
The purposes for which Brevo processes data are the following:
commercial and accounting management of the contract;
management of customer acquisition and marketing activities;
detection of malicious behaviour (fraud, phishing, spam, etc.);
the improvement of the Users path on the site;
more generally, any purpose referred to in Article 2 of Deliberation No. 2012-209 of 21 June 2012 creating a simplified standard for the automated processing of personal data relating to the management of users and prospects.
Recipients of the data
The personal data collected is intended for Brevo’s commercial and accounting departments. It may be transmitted to Brevo’s subsidiaries, or to third-party data processors which Brevo is authorized to use within the context of the performance of its Services.
In this context, personal data may be transferred to an EU or non-EU country. Brevo implements guarantees ensuring the protection and security of this data, in compliance with applicable rules and regulations.
Brevo does not transfer or rent personal data to third parties for marketing purposes without the express consent of the Users of Brevo.
In addition, personal data may only be disclosed to third parties for purposes other than marketing in the following cases:
with their authorisation;
at the request of the competent legal authorities, upon judicial request, or in the context of a legal dispute.
Data retention period
To satisfy its legal obligations or in order to have the necessary elements to assert its rights, Brevo will be able to retain the data under the conditions established by applicable rules and regulations.
Thus, personal data collected by Brevo relating to the identity and contact details of its Users is retained for a maximum period of two years after the termination of the contractual relationship for Users that are customers, or from their collection by the data controller or the last contact from the Users that are prospects, for the data relating to the latter.
The termination of the contractual relationship is understood as the express termination of the contract by the User, or the non-use of Brevo Services for a period of five years.
Rights of Users
In accordance with applicable rules, the Users have the right to access and rectify their personal data, which enables them to rectify, complete, update, or delete data that is inaccurate, incomplete, ambiguous, or outdated, or whose collection, use, communication, or storage is prohibited.
The Users also have the right to request the limitation of the processing, and to oppose on legitimate grounds the processing of their personal data. The User may also communicate instructions on the fate of their personal data in the event of their death.
Where applicable, the User may request the portability of their personal data or, where the legal basis for the processing is consent, withdraw their consent at any time.
The Users may exercise their rights by sending an email to dpo@brevo.com or a letter to:
Sendinblue SAS  — DPO Team
106 boulevard Haussmann, 75008 Paris, France
These requests shall be processed within a maximum period of 30 days.
The Users may also at any time modify the data pertaining to them by logging on to
https://www.brevo.com
and clicking on “edit my profile” or by contacting the customer relations department at
support@brevo.com
The Users may unsubscribe from the Brevo newsletter or marketing emails by following the unsubscribe links in each of these emails.
In the event of a dispute, the Users may file a complaint with the CNIL, for which contact details may be found at
https://www.cnil.fr.
The Users may access detailed information on the use of their personal data, in particular concerning the purposes of the processing, the legal bases enabling Brevo to process the data, its storage period, its recipients, and, where applicable, its transfer to a country outside the European Union as well as the related compliance guarantees put in place for such transfers. To do so, the User can send their request by email to dpo@brevo.com.
Additional terms regarding the use of the Inbox Feature
Brevo’s platform complies with the
Google API Services user Data Policy
, including the Limited Use requirements. Any use and transfer of information received from Google API’s from Brevo’s platform to any other applications will require to adhere to
Google API Services User Data Policy
, including the Limited Use requirements.
Notwithstanding anything else in the present Privacy Policy, if the User provides Brevo access to their Gmail user data, Brevo shall:
only use access to read, write, modify, or control Gmail message bodies (including attachments), metadata, headers, and settings, allowing Brevo to provide a web email client for the Users to compose, send, read, and process emails;
never transfer such data to other parties unless doing so is necessary to provide and improve these features, comply with applicable law, or as part of a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets;
in no way use such data for its management of customer acquisition and marketing activities;
in no way use such data to serve advertisements;
not allow humans to read this data unless Brevo has the User’s affirmative agreement for specific messages, doing so is necessary for security purposes such as investigating abuse, to comply with applicable law, or for Brevo’s internal operations, and even then, only when the data have been aggregated and anonymized.
Cookies
For more information about how Brevo handles cookies, please visit our
cookie policy page
.
Security
Brevo has taken all necessary precautions to preserve the security of personal data and, in particular, to prevent it from being accessed by unauthorized third parties, distorted, or damaged.
These measures include the following:
Multi-level firewall.
Proven solutions for anti-virus protection and detection of intrusion attempts.
Encrypted data transmission using SSL/https/VPN technology.
Tier 3 and PCI DSS certified data centres.
In addition, access to processing data on behalf of Brevo by the receiving third-party services requires authentication of the persons accessing the data, by means of an individual access code and password, that is sufficiently robust and regularly renewed.
Data transmitted over unsecured communication channels is subject to technical measures designed to make such data incomprehensible to any unauthorised person.
Any questions about the security of the Brevo website can be directed to
support@brevo.com
.
Modification of the Privacy Policy
Brevo reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy to comply with changes in the applicable laws and regulations.
The Users shall be notified of any changes made to this policy via our website or by email at least thirty days prior, when possible, to their entry into force.
Contact
Any questions about Brevo’s Privacy Policy can be directed by email to
dpo@brevo.com
or by mail to:
Sendinblue SAS – DPO Team
106 boulevard Haussmann, 75008 Paris, France
II. Brevo North America Privacy Policy
For users incorporated in USA, Canada, Australia and New-Zealand
This is the Privacy Notice for
Sendinblue Inc.
dba
Sendinblue
, (collectively
referred to as
“
Brevo
,” “
us
,” “
our
,” or “
we
”). It explains how we collect and use information on brevo.com and other websites we own or operate (collectively, the “
Site
”), our suite of software and professional services owned and operated by Sendinblue Inc. or its affiliates and/or delivered under the business name Brevo (the “
Software
”) for managing contacts and designing, implementing, and administering email, sms, and certain other marketing programs , our other digital properties or services, and your communications with us by any means (collectively with the Site, Software, and Programs, the “
Services
”). Please read this Privacy Notice carefully to understand our privacy practices.
This Privacy Notice applies to Brevo’s activities in, or for Users that are incorporated in, the United States, Canada, New-Zealand and Australia, and includes supplemental notices specific to residents of
California
. If you are a resident of or located in the European Union, please instead review our
Privacy Policy Personal Data Protection
.
This Privacy Notice is governed by and part of our General Conditions of Use of Brevo Services (the “
General Terms
”). Your use of our Services is subject to this Privacy Notice and our General Terms, including its applicable limitations on damages and the provisions regarding resolution of disputes. Capitalized terms not defined in this Privacy Notice have the meanings given to them in the General Terms. Any additional notices we may provide you about our privacy practices will be considered to form part of this Privacy Notice.
Note that this Privacy Notice
DOES NOT
apply to any third-party websites, platforms, or activities, such as a Customer’s websites or marketing practices. If you are a Contact of our Customer(s), your use of a Customer’s website or receipt of marketing communications from a Brevo Customer is governed by the Customer’s privacy notice, and Brevo has no control over their privacy practices.
Consent
By using or accessing our Services in any manner, you acknowledge and accept this Privacy Notice, and you consent to Brevo’s collection, use, and disclosure of your information as described below. If you do not agree with this Privacy Notice, do not use our Services.
Personal information
As used in this Privacy Notice, “
Personal Information
” means information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household. Personal Information falls into various categories, such as identifiers, protected information, sensitive personal information (e.g., social security number, race, health data, or union membership), biometrics, commercial history, employment-related data, nonpublic educational information, internet activity, or inferences drawn to create a consumer profile. The use of sensitive personal data on the Platform and as part of the Services is forbidden.
Personal Information
does not
include (i) publicly available information (ii) aggregate information, meaning data about a group or category of services or users from which individual identities and other Personal Information has been removed; or (iii) deidentified information that cannot reasonably be used to infer information about, or otherwise be linked to, a particular consumer.
Collection and use of personal information
The types of Personal Information we collect and how it is used depends on how you interact with us, such as a Site visitor, a Brevo customer using the Services or representative of a customer (a “
Customer
”) or as a Customer’s marketing contact (“
Contact
”).  Brevo only collects, uses, retains, and shares Personal Information as reasonably necessary and proportionate to provide the Services or for other purposes that we disclose to you and are compatible with the context of how we collected your Personal Information. We will update this Privacy Notice or otherwise notify you before we collect additional categories of Personal Information from consumers or use such Personal Information for purposes that are incompatible with the purpose stated at the time of collection.
Categories of Personal Information
During the preceding 12 months, we have collected these categories of Personal Information:
Identifiers (e.g., name, address, phone number, email address, password, IP address)
Employment-related information (e.g., current or past employment)
Commercial information (e.g., purchases considered or completed)
Internet activity (e.g., interactions with the Site and Platform)
Sources of Collection
We collect Personal Information from the following sources and use that information as described below:
Directly from you when you contact us or place an order.
If you contact us via the Site or by email, phone, or other means to request information or support, we will collect your name, contact information, and employment-related information as needed to respond to your inquiry. If you place an order with us, we will use a PCI-compliant payment processor to collect and process your payment information. You may opt-in to save your payment information for future orders, but this is not required. We collect this information with your consent, and we use it to respond to your inquiries, communicate with you about your order status, or for the purposes stated at the time of collection.
Directly from you when you create a Customer account.
If you create a Customer account, we will collect your name, email address, company name, and require you to choose a password to login. We collect this information with your consent, and we use it to provide the Services, identify and administer your account, and communicate with you about the Services. You have the right to opt-out of communications from us, but you cannot opt out of communications that we send you regarding your account.
From our Customers about their Contacts.
Brevo Services enables Customers to promote their brands through email, SMS, chat, and other types of marketing communications. Customers may choose to input their Contacts’ Personal Information into the Services to send them marketing communications. Brevo collects Contacts’ Personal Information to fulfill our contractual obligations as a service provider to the Customer. A Customer’s processing of Contacts’ Personal Information via the Services is subject to the Customer’s privacy practices, not ours. Brevo is not responsible for any Customer’s compliance with applicable privacy laws, or a Customer’s obligations to related to their Contacts’ privacy rights.
Automatically from you when you visit the Site or use our Software.
When you visit our Site or use our Software, we automatically collect data about your internet activity such as your IP address, internet service provider description, information about the type of device used to access our Site, and browser information. Like most online services, the Site and Platform use cookies as described in our
Cookie List
. We collect this information to achieve our legitimate interest of facilitating online communication or when it is strictly necessary to provide an online Service. We use this information to help diagnose problems with and secure our servers, to administer the proper functioning and legitimate use of our Site, generate analytics and statistics. With your prior consent, we also use that information to improve the nature and marketing of the Services. The Customer warrants that it will provide all necessary information to the relevant natural persons, and obtain all necessary consents from them, as required by applicable data protection and electronic communication laws, in order to allow Brevo to lawfully deploy cookies and similar tracking technologies and to lawfully collect data from the devices of Contacts and Service Users. These tracers might include pixels and web beacons. The exact list of cookies and tracking devices is available
here
.
Children’s Privacy
Brevo does not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under 16. However, we cannot control the Personal Information our Customer’s collect. If a Customer chooses to input Personal Information of children under age 16 on the Services, that Customer does so under its own privacy practices, not ours. Brevo is not responsible for a Customer’s failure to comply with any law designed to protect children or any other law governing the Customer’s use of our Services. Please contact the Customer directly if you have questions about their privacy practices. As part of our commitment to your privacy, we encourage you to contact us at dpo@brevo.com if you believe we might have collected any information online from a child under 16, or if you are aware of any unauthorized submission of information to us. Brevo reserves the right to delete any information from our systems if we discover it was improperly collected.
Retention of Personal Information
Personal Information about Contacts.
The Customer is responsible for determining a data retention period of the Contact Personal Information and to operate the deletion when necessary. If the Customer does not take action, Brevo retains all categories of Personal Information we collect only as long as your Brevo account remains active or as necessary to provide you with the Services you request.
Commercial relationship personal information.
We may also retain and use Personal Information to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. We regularly review and deidentify unnecessary Personal Information and other data and we periodically deidentify unused accounts.
Cookie Data.
Any Personal Information that we may collect using cookies or other tracing technologies is retained on our system for 12 months. In some cases, we may be required to retain this Personal Information for longer or shorter periods to meet our regulatory obligations, in which case we will retain the data for the required period.
Other Uses
In addition to the specific uses described above, Brevo might also use your Personal Information to:
Provide, maintain, and improve our Services and user experience.
Send you support and administrative messages.
Monitor your compliance with any of your agreements with us.
Detect, investigate, and prevent fraudulent transactions and other illegal activities and protect the rights and property of Company and others.
Protect your privacy and enforce this Privacy Notice.
If we believe it is necessary, to identify, contact, or bring legal action against persons who may be causing injury to you, to us, or to others.
Comply with a law, regulation, legal process, or court order.
Fulfill any other purpose to which you consent.
Disclosing personal information
Categories
In the preceding 12 months, Brevo has disclosed all categories of Personal Information that we collected for a business purpose.
Recipients
Brevo may disclose Personal Information to the recipients described below, or to other recipients with your permission or as required by law.
Service Providers:
Brevo uses a variety of service providers such as data hosting companies, analytics services, email hosting services, and payment processors. The type of information that we share with a service provider will depend on the service that they provide to us. Our service providers are subject to contractual agreements that protect your Personal Information, and we require all service providers to maintain confidentiality standards that are commercially reasonable to ensure the security of your Personal Information.
Government Agencies:
Occasionally Brevo may be required by law enforcement or judicial authorities to provide Personal Information to governmental authorities. We fully cooperate with law enforcement agencies in identifying those who use our Services for illegal activities. Brevo reserves the right to disclose Personal Information to law enforcement and other governmental agencies, at our sole discretion in connection with an investigation of any matter that is illegal or that could expose Brevo or our affiliates to liability.
Cookie Information Recipients:
In some cases, we may allow specific cooperating entities to use
cookies
or similar technologies to collect non-personal data from your browser or device for measurement purposes. Receipt and use of such information are subject to each cookie information recipient’s Privacy Notice.
Affiliates and Third Parties:
We may disclose the Personal Information we collect about you to our affiliates like a parent company or subsidiaries. For example, we share Personal Information for Customer support purposes, marketing, or technical operations. Under specific circumstances, we may disclose Personal Information to certain third parties as permitted by applicable law, for example: if we go through a business transition (e.g., merger, acquisition, or asset sale); to comply with a legal requirement or a court order; when we believe it is appropriate to take action regarding illegal activities or prevent fraud or harm to any person; to exercise or defend our legal claims; or for any other reason with your consent.
Aggregated and Deidentified Information
We reserve the right to use and to disclose aggregated, anonymized, or deidentified information about any individuals with our affiliate companies (Brevo Group) for marketing, advertising, research and product development purposes.
Your privacy rights
Brevo believes you should have the ability to control the Personal Information we collect and hold about you on your own. You can use the methods described below to control how we collect and use your Personal Information.
Customer Accounts:
Customers can change or delete the Personal Information in their accounts at any time by signing into the Platform and editing information or changing settings. Brevo may offer instructions to guide Customers in making additional changes. A Customer can delete all of their Personal Information on Brevo by closing the account.
Contact Information:
Customers can change or delete their Contacts’ Personal Information at any time by signing into the Platform and editing information or changing settings. Brevo may offer instructions to guide Customers in making additional changes. If a Contact submits a Consumer Privacy Request directly to Brevo, we will relay the request to the applicable Customer for further processing.
Email Communications:
If you are a Customer or Site visitor, we may send you marketing emails about the Services. Customers may also receive informational or support emails from us. If you do not wish to receive these emails, you may change your preferences via the links provided in the emails or by sending a request to dpo@brevo.com to be removed from our email list. Note that if you opt-out of marketing communications, we may still send you non-promotional communications, such as those about your account or our ongoing business relations.
Texting Consent:
If you provide us with your wireless phone number, you consent to Brevo sending you informational or service text messages. However, we will only send you marketing text messages if you opt-in to receive these notifications from us. For all Brevo text messages, the number of texts you receive will depend on the Services you use and the information you request from us. You can unsubscribe from Brevo text messages by replying STOP or UNSUBSCRIBE to any of these text messages. Messaging and data charges may apply to any text message you receive or send. Please contact your wireless carrier if you have questions about messaging or data charges.
Do Not Track:
Do Not Track signals are signals sent through a browser informing us that you do not want to be tracked. Currently, our systems do not recognize browser “do-not-track” requests. If this changes in the future, we will update this Privacy Notice.
Depending on where you reside, you may have additional privacy rights or be entitled to additional controls over your Personal Information. Please see our supplemental notices specific to residents of
California
.
Consumer Privacy Requests
If you wish to exercise your privacy rights beyond the methods available through the Platform, or if you want to express concerns, lodge a complaint, or request information, please submit a verifiable Consumer Privacy Request using our online
Consumer Privacy Request
form or by sending an email to dpo@brevo.com.
Note that if you are a Customer’s Contact, then we process your Personal Information as a service provider to the Customer and we cannot fulfill your request directly. In that case, we will relay your request to the appropriate Customer for further processing and fulfillment, provided that we have sufficient information to do so.
Brevo can only fulfill a Consumer Privacy Request when we have sufficient information to verify that the requester is the person or an authorized representative of the person about whom we have collected Personal Information, and to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to the request. We do not charge a fee to process or respond to a verifiable request unless we have legal grounds to do so. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
We endeavor to respond to Consumer Privacy Requests in accordance with the requirements of the law applicable to your jurisdiction. Depending on the circumstances and the nature of your request, we may be unable to fulfill your request in part or in whole, for example, if your request falls within a statutory exception or if fulfilling your request would prevent us from complying with a statutory or contractual obligation.
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
This section provides residents of the State of California (“
California Consumers
”) with the disclosures and notices required under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“
CCPA
”). The following paragraphs apply solely to California Consumers and describe the specific rights afforded under the CCPA. California Consumers may exercise the following rights over their Personal Information, subject to any exceptions and limitations that may apply:
Right to Know:
You have the right to request that we disclose information to you about our collection and use of your Personal Information, such as: (i) the categories of Personal Information we have collected about you; (ii) the categories of sources for the Personal Information we have collected about you; (iii) our business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling or sharing your Personal Information; (iv) the categories of third parties with whom we disclose your Personal Information; and (v) a list of specific pieces of Personal Information we have collected about you. If a business sells or shares your Personal Information, you also You also have the right to ask the company to disclose the categories of your Personal Information sold or shared and the categories of third parties to whom that Personal information was sold or shared, as well as the categories of Personal information disclosed for a business purpose and the categories of recipients of that information. Brevo is only required to respond to two disclosure requests from you within a 12-month period.
Right to Access.
You have the right to request that we provide you with access to specific pieces of Personal Information we have collected about you over the past 12 months (also called a data portability request). If you submit a right to access request, we will provide you with copies of the requested Personal Information in a portable and readily usable format. Please note that Brevo may be prohibited by law from disclosing copies of certain Personal Information when the disclosure would create a substantial, articulable, and unreasonable risk to the security of the information, our systems, or your account. We are only required by law to respond to two access requests from you within a 12-month period.
Right to Correct.
If you discover that we maintain inaccurate Personal Information about you, or if your Personal Information changes, please inform us and we will update our records to reflect the correct information.
Right to Deletion.
You have the right to request that we delete Personal Information that we collected from you and retained, with certain exceptions. Brevo may permanently delete, deidentify, or aggregate the Personal Information in response to a request for deletion. If you submit a right to deletion request, we will confirm the Personal Information to be deleted prior to its deletion, and we will notify you when your request is complete.
No Selling Personal Information.
Brevo does not and will never sell your Personal Information to third parties..
Sharing Personal Information.
Brevo may share Personal Information we collect via cookies and other tracing technologies with third parties for cross-contextual behavioral advertising purposes. You can opt-out of this sharing by adjusting your cookie settings or by submitting a
Consumer Privacy Request
.
Limited Use and Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information.
Brevo does not seek to collect sensitive Personal Information from any consumer. If a Customer chooses to input sensitive Personal Information into the Platform, we will not use or disclose Sensitive Personal Information for the purpose of inferring characteristics about any consumer. If this ever changes in the future, we will update this Privacy Notice and provide you with methods to limit use and disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information. However, we have no control over whether our Customers may use or disclose their contacts’ sensitive Personal information for any particular purpose. If you are a Contact of our Customers, please direct any questions about your sensitive Personal Information to the respective Customer.
Right to Nondiscrimination.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by law, we will not: (i) deny you goods or services; (ii) charge you different prices or rates for goods or services; (iii) provide you a different level or quality of goods or services; or (iv) suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services, because you exercised a right under the CCPA.
Right to Disclosure of Marketing Information.
Under California’s Shine the Light Act (Ca. Civ. Code § 1798.83-1798.84), California Consumers are entitled to request certain disclosures about Personal Information sharing with affiliates and/or third parties for marketing purposes. Please contact us if you wish to obtain these disclosures.
California Consumers may exercise these rights over their Personal Information by logging into their Customer account or by sending us a verifiable
Consumer Privacy Request
, subject to any exceptions and limitations that may apply.
Employee Data Exception
In many cases, the Personal Information we collect about you is in a business-to-business context when you are acting as an employee to a Customer or potential Customer in the performance of your job duties. Please note that Personal Information collected and used in this context is not protected under the CCPA.
Data security
Brevo implements reasonable and appropriate security procedures and practices to help protect your Personal Information from unauthorized or illegal access, destruction, use, modification, or disclosure. We employ a series of security measures, including a multi-level firewall, encryption, and anti-virus and intrusion detection solutions. All data is stored on secure servers in Tier 3 and PCI DSS certified data centers and is only accessible to our personnel and contractors via authentication measures. We ensure that Brevo employees, contractors, and agents responsible for handling your inquiries are informed of applicable privacy law requirements and we restrict access to those who need that information in order to process it.
Please note, however, that no transmission of data over the internet is 100% secure. We cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will not defeat our security measures or use your Personal Information for improper purposes. We also have no control over our Customers’ security measures or practices, and we make no representations or guarantees that your Personal Information is secure once transmitted or stored on their systems.
It is your responsibility to keep your Customer account secure from unauthorized access. We encourage our Customers to take steps to protect against unauthorized access to their accounts, such as choosing a robust password, keeping the password private, and signing off after using a shared computer or other device. Brevo is not responsible for any lost, stolen, or compromised passwords, or any unauthorized activity on your account.
Additional terms regarding the use of the Inbox Feature
Brevo’s platform complies with the
Google API Services user Data Policy
, including the Limited Use requirements. Any use and transfer of information received from Google API’s from Brevo’s platform to any other applications will require to adhere to
Google API Services User Data Policy
, including the Limited Use requirements.
Third party websites
The Services may contain links to websites owned or operated by third parties. We have no ability to control, and we are not responsible for, the privacy and data collection, use, and disclosure practices of third-party websites. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of each website that collects your Personal Information.
Changes to this privacy notice
We may periodically update this Privacy Notice. If we make any material changes, we will notify you by updating this posting or by posting notice in the Services. The date that this Privacy Notice was last revised is identified at the top of the page. Your continued use of the Services after the effective date will be subject to the new Privacy Notice. You are responsible for periodically checking this Privacy Notice for changes.
Contact Brevo
If you have questions about our privacy practices or would like to make a complaint, please contact us at dpo@brevo.com, or by mail at Brevo 1402 Third Avenue, #301, Seattle, WA 98101.
For UK based data subjects, processors, controllers, and the ICO: The representative for the UK according to Article 27 of the UK GPDR can be reached by email: dpo@brevo.com
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies in your browser to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and provide our ad partners with information for ad personalization and measurement.
Cookies Settings
Reject All
Accept All Cookies
Your Privacy
Targeting Cookies
Performance Cookies
Functional Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Your Privacy
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites.    They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site.    All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages.    If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms.    You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Back Button
Cookie List
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Sub-policy 3
https://clerk.com/legal/privacy:
Skip to main content
Clerk, Inc. Privacy Policy
Last Updated: November 26, 2024
Clerk, Inc. (“
Clerk
,” “
we
,” “
us
,” and “
our
”) provides innovative technology to allow our customers to implement authentication and complete user management solutions. This Privacy Policy is designed to help you understand how we collect, use, and share personal information and to help you understand and exercise your privacy rights.
1.	SCOPE
2.	PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
3.	HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
4.	HOW WE DISCLOSE YOUR INFORMATION
5.	YOUR PRIVACY CHOICES AND RIGHTS
6.	SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION
7.	INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS
8.	RETENTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
9.	CHILDREN’S INFORMATION
10.	OTHER PROVISIONS
11.	CONTACT US
1. SCOPE
This Privacy Policy applies to personal information processed by us, including on our website, mobile applications, and other online or offline offerings. To make this Privacy Policy easier to read, our website, products and solutions, and other offerings are collectively called “
Services
”.
An Important Note:
This Privacy Policy does not apply to any of the personal information that our customers may process using Clerk’s products and services (“
Customer Data
”). Our customers’ respective privacy policies govern the collection and use of Customer Data. Our processing of Customer Data is governed by the contracts that we have in place with our customers, not this Privacy Policy. If you are an end user of the Services through our customer, please direct any questions or requests relating to Customer Data to our customer.
For clarity, Clerk is a controller for the personal information we collect from customers in order to market, service, and provide access to and use of the Services. For Customer Data that is entered into the Services, the customer is the controller and we act as a processor or service provider (as defined under applicable laws) and will only process Customer Data as agreed to provide Services under our Terms of Service or other contract with a customer, and when applicable, a Data Processing Agreement.
The Services (and personal information collected in connection with the Services) are intended for business use and not for any personal, family, or household purposes.
FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS:
If you are a California resident, please see our Supplemental Notice for California Residents
here
.
2. PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
The categories of personal information we collect depend on how you interact with us, our Services and the requirements of applicable law. We collect information that you provide to us, information we obtain automatically when you use our Services, and information from other sources such as third-party services and organizations, as described below.
Information You Provide to Us Directly
We may collect the following personal information that you provide to us.
Account Creation
. We may collect information when you create an account, such as a unique customer ID or an email address or phone number.
Your Communications with Us
. We may collect personal information, such as email address, phone number, or mailing address when you request information about our Services, register for our newsletter, request customer or technical support, apply for a job or otherwise communicate with us.
Surveys
. We may contact you to participate in surveys.  If you decide to participate, you may be asked to provide certain information which may include personal information.
Business Development and Strategic Partnerships.
We may collect personal information from individuals and third parties to assess and pursue potential business opportunities.
Job Applications.
We may post job openings and opportunities on our Services. If you reply to one of these postings by submitting your application, resume, and/or cover letter to us, we will collect and use your information to assess your qualifications.  If you respond to a job opening, your information will be shared with our talent management provider, Ashby, Inc., and is subject to its
privacy policy
⁠
.
Information Collected Automatically
We may collect personal information automatically when you use our Services:
Automatic Data Collection When You Visit Our Website
. We may collect certain information automatically when you use our Services, such as your Internet protocol (IP) address, user settings, MAC address, cookie identifiers, mobile carrier, mobile advertising and other unique identifiers, browser or device information, location information (including approximate location derived from IP address), and Internet service provider. We may also automatically collect information regarding your use of our Services, such as pages that you visit before, during and after using our Services, information about the links you click, the types of content you interact with, the frequency and duration of your activities, and other information about how you use our Services.
Automatic Data Collection When You Use Our Services
.  We may collect other types of technical information about your use of our Services, such as what we call “telemetry” metrics, described
here
.  None of this technical information is connected with your personal information or Customer Data and is only used to improve our Services.
Cookies, Pixel Tags/Web Beacons, and Other Technologies
. We, as well as third parties that provide content, or other functionality on our Services, may use cookies, pixel tags, local storage, and other technologies (“Technologies”) to automatically collect information through your use of our Services.   Please also see our cookie management dashboard by clicking "Cookie Manager" in the footer.
Cookies
. Cookies are small text files placed in device browsers that store preferences and facilitate and enhance your experience.
Pixel Tags/Web Beacons
. A pixel tag (also known as a web beacon) is a piece of code embedded in our Services that collects information about engagement on our Services. The use of a pixel tag allows us to record, for example, that a user has visited a particular web page or clicked on a particular advertisement. We may also include web beacons in e-mails to understand whether messages have been opened, acted on, or forwarded.
Our uses of these Technologies fall into the following general categories:
Essential
. This includes Technologies that allow you access to our Services, applications, and tools that are required to identify irregular website behavior, prevent fraudulent activity and improve security or that allow you to make use of our functionality;
Marketing and Analytics
. We may use Technologies to assess the performance of our Services, including as part of our analytic practices to help us understand how individuals use our Services (
see Analytics below
); and
Advertising
. We may use Technologies that allow us to offer you enhanced functionality when accessing or using our Services. This may include identifying you when you sign into our Services or keeping track of your specified preferences, interests, or past items viewed.
See Section 5 below to understand your choices regarding these Technologies.
Analytics
. We may use Technologies and other third-party tools to process analytics information on our Services, such as Google Analytics. For more information, please visit
Google Analytics’ Privacy Policy
⁠
. To learn more about how to opt-out of Google Analytics’ use of your information, please click
here
⁠
.
We also use the following Technologies:
Statsig
– We use a service provided by Statsig for feature plans and to perform A/B testing. See their privacy policy here
https://www.statsig.com/privacy
⁠
.
PostHog
– We use a service provided by PostHog, Inc. to provide us with analytics data regarding user interaction with our Site and Services.   PostHog’s tracking and use of information collected about you as the Customer is governed by the PostHog privacy policy available at
https://posthog.com/privacy
⁠
.
We also use PostHog’s session-replay technologies to record your interactions with the Services to help us diagnose problems and improve our Services.  These technologies allow us to watch a DVR-like visual video playback of user sessions on our Services and capture user activities such as clicks, mouse movements, scrolls, and keystrokes/key touches when you use our Services, and may collect personal information from and about you. You can opt-out of session recording by PostHog at
https://posthog.com/session-replay
⁠
.
Koala
– We use a service provided by Koala to provide us with analytics.  See their privacy policy here
https://getkoala.com/legal/privacy
⁠
.
Inkeep
– We use a service provided by Inkeep, Inc. to provide AI-powered self-service support services.  See their privacy policy here
https://inkeep.com/policies/privacy
⁠
.
Plain
– We use a service provided by Not Just Tickets Ltd (d/b/a Plain) to provide services related to support tickets.   See their privacy policy here
https://www.plain.com/legal/privacy-policy
⁠
.
Social Media Platforms.
Our Services may contain social media buttons such as LinkedIn and Twitter (that might include widgets such as the “share this” button or other interactive mini programs). These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our Services, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Your interactions with these platforms are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
Information Collected from Other Sources
We may obtain information about you from other sources, including through third-party services and organizations. For example, if you access our Services through a third-party application, such as an app store, a third-party login service, or a social networking site, we may collect information about you from that third-party application that you have made available via your privacy settings.
3. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
We use your information for a variety of business purposes, including to provide our Services, for administrative purposes, and to market our products and Services, as described below.
Provide Our Services
We use your information to fulfill our contract with you and provide you with our Services, such as:
Managing your information and accounts;
Providing access to certain areas, functionalities, and features of our Services;
Answering requests for customer or technical support;
Communicating with you about your account, activities on our Services, and policy changes;
Processing applications if you apply for a job, we post on our Services; and
Allowing you to register for events.
Administrative Purposes
We use your information for various administrative purposes, such as:
Pursuing our legitimate interests such as direct marketing, research and development (including marketing research), network and information security, and fraud prevention;
Detecting security incidents, protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity, and prosecuting those responsible for that activity;
Measuring interest and engagement in our Services;
Improving, upgrading or enhancing our Services;
Developing new products and Services;
Ensuring internal quality control and safety;
Authenticating and verifying individual identities;
Debugging to identify and repair errors with our Services;
Auditing relating to interactions, transactions and other compliance activities;
Enforcing our agreements and policies; and
Complying with our legal obligations.
Marketing and Advertising our Products and Services
We may use personal information to tailor and provide you with content and advertisements. We may provide you with these materials as permitted by applicable law.
Some of the ways we market to you include email campaigns.
If you have any questions about our marketing practices or if you would like to opt out of the use of your personal information for marketing purposes, you may contact us at any time as set forth below.
Other Purposes
We also use your information for other purposes as requested by you or as permitted by applicable law.
Consent
. We may use personal information for other purposes that are clearly disclosed to you at the time you provide personal information or with your consent.
De-identified and Aggregated Information
. We may use personal information and other information about you to create de-identified and/or aggregated information, such as de-identified demographic information, de-identified location information, information about the device from which you access our Services, or other analyses we create.
Share Content with Friends or Colleagues.
Our Services may offer various tools and functionalities. For example, we may allow you to provide information about your friends or colleagues through our referral services. Our referral services may allow you to forward or share certain content with a friend or colleague, such as an email inviting your friend to use our Services.
4. HOW WE DISCLOSE YOUR INFORMATION
We disclose your information to third parties for a variety of business purposes, including to provide our Services, to protect us or others, or in the event of a major business transaction such as a merger, sale, or asset transfer, as described below.
Disclosures to Provide our Services
The categories of third parties with whom we may share your information are described below.
Service Providers
. We may share your personal information with our third-party service providers who use that information to help us provide our Services. This includes service providers that provide us with IT support, hosting, payment processing, customer service, SMS authentication, and related services.
Business Partners
. We may share your personal information with business partners to provide you with a product or service you have requested. We may also share your personal information to business partners with whom we jointly offer products or services.
Advertising Partners
. We may share your personal information with third-party advertising partners. These third-party advertising partners may set Technologies and other tracking tools on our Services to collect information regarding your activities and your device (e.g., your IP address, cookie identifiers, page(s) visited, location, time of day). These advertising partners may use this information (and similar information collected from other services) for purposes of delivering personalized advertisements to you when you visit digital properties within their networks. This practice is commonly referred to as “interest-based advertising” or “personalized advertising.”
APIs/SDKs
. We may use third-party Application Program Interfaces (“APIs”) and software development kits (“SDKs”) as part of the functionality of our Services. For more information about our use of APIs and SDKs, please contact us as set forth below.
Disclosures to Protect Us or Others
We may access, preserve, and disclose any information we store associated with you to external parties if we, in good faith, believe doing so is required or appropriate to: comply with law enforcement or national security requests and legal process, such as a court order or subpoena; protect your, our, or others’ rights, property, or safety; enforce our policies or contracts; collect amounts owed to us; or assist with an investigation or prosecution of suspected or actual illegal activity.
Disclosure in the Event of Merger, Sale, or Other Asset Transfers
If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, purchase or sale of assets, or transition of service to another provider, your information may be sold or transferred as part of such a transaction, as permitted by law and/or contract.
5. YOUR PRIVACY CHOICES AND RIGHTS
Your Privacy Choices
. The privacy choices you may have about your personal information are determined by applicable law and are described below.
Email and Telephone Communications
. If you receive an unwanted email from us, you can use the unsubscribe link found at the bottom of the email to opt out of receiving future emails. Note that you will continue to receive transaction-related emails regarding products or Services you have requested. We may also send you certain non-promotional communications regarding us and our Services, and you will not be able to opt out of those communications (e.g., communications regarding our Services or updates to our Terms or this Privacy Policy).
We process requests to be placed on do-not-mail, do-not-phone, and do-not-contact lists as required by applicable law.
“Do Not Track
.
”
Do Not Track (“DNT”) is a privacy preference that users can set in certain web browsers. Please note that we do not respond to or honor DNT signals or similar mechanisms transmitted by web browsers.
Cookies and Interest-Based Advertising
. You may stop or restrict the placement of Technologies on your device or remove them by adjusting your preferences as your browser or device permits. However, if you adjust your preferences, our Services may not work properly. Please note that cookie-based opt-outs are not effective on mobile applications. However, you may opt-out of personalized advertisements on some mobile applications by following the instructions for
Android
⁠
,
iOS
⁠
and
others
⁠
.  You may also access our cookie management dashboard at by clicking "Cookie Manager" in the footer for cookie management options.
The online advertising industry also provides websites from which you may opt out of receiving targeted ads from data partners and other advertising partners that participate in self-regulatory programs. You can access these and learn more about targeted advertising and consumer choice and privacy by visiting the
Network Advertising Initiative
⁠
,
the Digital Advertising Alliance
⁠
,
the European Digital Advertising Alliance
⁠
, and
the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada
⁠
.
Please note you must separately opt out in each browser and on each device.
Your Privacy Rights
. In accordance with applicable law, you may have the right to:
Access Personal Information
about you, including: (i) confirming whether we are processing your personal information; (ii) obtaining access to or a copy of your personal information; and (iii) receiving an electronic copy of personal information that you have provided to us, or asking us to send that information to another company (the “right of data portability”);
Request Correction
of your personal information where it is inaccurate or incomplete. In some cases, we may provide self-service tools that enable you to update your personal information;
Request Deletion
of your personal information;
Request Restriction of or Object to
our processing of your personal information; and
Withdraw your Consent
to our processing of your personal information.
If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us as set forth below. We will process such requests in accordance with applicable laws
6. SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION
We take steps to ensure that your information is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Unfortunately, no system is 100% secure, and we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you provide to us. We have taken appropriate safeguards to require that your personal information will remain protected and require our third-party service providers and partners to have appropriate safeguards as well. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, we do not accept liability for unauthorized disclosure.
By using our Services or providing personal information to us, you agree that we may communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use of our Services. If we learn of a security system’s breach, we may attempt to notify you electronically by posting a notice on our Services, by mail or by sending an email to you.
7. INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS
All information processed by us may be transferred, processed, and stored anywhere in the world, including, but not limited to, the United States or other countries, which may have data protection laws that are different from the laws where you live. We endeavor to safeguard your information consistent with the requirements of applicable laws.
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area, Switzerland, or the United Kingdom, please see our
supplemental GDPR notice here
.
8. RETENTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We store the personal information we collect as described in this Privacy Policy for as long as you use our Services or as necessary to fulfill the purpose(s) for which it was collected, provide our Services, resolve disputes, establish legal defenses, conduct audits, pursue legitimate business purposes, enforce our agreements, and comply with applicable laws.
9. CHILDREN'S INFORMATION
Our Services are not intended for use by children under the age of 16.
If we become aware that a child has provided us with personal information in violation of applicable law, we will delete any personal information we have collected.
10.	OTHER PROVISIONS
Third-Party Websites/Applications.
The Services may contain links to other websites/applications and other websites/applications may reference or link to our Services. These third-party services are not controlled by us. We encourage our users to read the privacy policies of each website and application with which they interact. We do not endorse, screen or approve, and are not responsible for, the privacy practices or content of such other websites or applications. Providing personal information to third-party websites or applications is at your own risk.
Supervisory Authority
. If you are located in the European Economic Area, Switzerland, or the United Kingdom, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority if you believe our processing of your personal information violates applicable law.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
. We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time in our sole discretion. If there are any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you as required by applicable law. You understand and agree that you will be deemed to have accepted the updated Privacy Policy if you continue to use our Services after the new Privacy Policy takes effect.
11.	CONTACT US
If you have any questions about our privacy practices or this Privacy Policy, or to exercise your rights as detailed in this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
Clerk, Inc.
660 King Street
Unit 345
San Francisco, CA 94107
privacy@clerk.dev
Support
Sub-policy 4
https://stripe.com/us/privacy:
Stripe Services Agreement
Stripe Connected Account Agreement
Stripe Payments Company Terms
Acquirer Terms
Acquirer Disclosure
Cross River Bank
Deutsche Bank
Goldman Sachs Bank USA
PNC Bank
Issuing Bank Terms
Payment Method Terms
User Bank Debit Authorizations
Prohibited & Restricted Businesses
Other Products and Programs
Stripe Terminal Device EULA
Stripe Terminal Purchase Terms
Stripe Terminal Reseller Terms
Stripe Atlas Agreement
Stripe Climate Contribution Terms
Stripe Partner Ecosystem
Stripe Apps
App Developer Agreement
App Marketplace Agreement
Privacy
Privacy Policy
Cookies Policy
Privacy Shield Policy
Service Providers List
Data Processing Agreement
Data Transfers Addendum
Stripe Privacy Center
Intellectual Property
Intellectual Property Notice
Marks Usage
E-SIGN Disclosure
Licenses
Consumer Terms
Last updated: January 16, 2025
This Privacy Policy includes important information about your personal data and we encourage you to read it carefully.
Welcome
We provide financial infrastructure for the internet. Individuals and businesses of all sizes use our technology and services to facilitate purchases, accept payments, send payouts, and manage online businesses.
This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) describes the Personal Data that we collect, how we use and share it, and details on how you can reach us with privacy-related inquiries. The Policy also outlines your rights and choices as a data subject, including the right to object to certain uses of your Personal Data.
Depending on the activity, Stripe assumes the role of a “data controller” and/or “data processor” (or “service provider”). For more details about our privacy practices, including our role, the specific Stripe entity responsible under this Policy, and our legal bases for processing your Personal Data, please visit our
Privacy Center
.
Defined Terms
In this Policy, “Stripe”, “we”, “our,” or “us” refers to the Stripe entity responsible for the collection, use, and handling of Personal Data as described in this document. Depending on your jurisdiction, the specific Stripe entity accountable for your Personal Data might vary.
Learn More
.
“Personal Data” refers to any information associated with an identified or identifiable individual, which can include data that you provide to us, and that we collect about you during your interaction with our Services (such as device information, IP address, etc.).
“Services” refers to the products, services, devices, and applications, that we provide under the Stripe Services Agreement (“Business Services”) or the Stripe Consumer Terms of Service (“End User Services”); websites (“Sites”) like Stripe.com and Link.com; and other Stripe applications and online services. We provide Business Services to entities (“Business Users”). We provide End User Services directly to individuals for their personal use.
“Financial Partners” are financial institutions, banks, and other partners such as payment method acquirers, payout providers, and card networks that we partner with to provide the Services.
Depending on the context, “you” might be an End Customer, End User, Representative, or Visitor:
End Users.
When you use an End User Service, such as saving a payment method with Link, for personal use we refer to you as an “End User.”
End Customers.
When you are not directly transacting with Stripe, but we receive your Personal Data to provide Services to a Business User, including when you make a purchase from a Business User on a Stripe Checkout page or receive payments from a Business User, we refer to you as an “End Customer.”
Representatives.
When you are acting on behalf of an existing or potential Business User—perhaps as a company founder, account administrator for a Business User, or a recipient of an employee credit card from a Business User via Stripe Issuing—we refer to you as a “Representative.”
Visitors.
When you interact with Stripe by visiting a Site without being logged into a Stripe account, or when your interaction with Stripe does not involve you being an End User, End Customer, or Representative, we refer to you as a “Visitor.” For example, you are a Visitor when you send a message to Stripe asking for more information about our Services.
In this Policy, “Transaction Data” refers to data collected and used by Stripe to facilitate transactions you request. Some Transaction Data is Personal Data and may include: your name, email address, contact number, billing and shipping address, payment method information (like credit or debit card number, bank account details, or payment card image chosen by you), merchant and location details, amount and date of purchase, and in some instances, information about what was purchased.
1. Personal Data that we collect and how we use and share it
2. More ways we collect, use and share Personal Data
3. Legal bases for processing data
4. Your rights and choices
5. Security and retention
6. International data transfers
7. Updates and notifications
8. Jurisdiction-specific provisions
9. Contact us
10. US Consumer Privacy Notice
1. Personal Data we collect and how we use and share it
Our collection and use of Personal Data differs based on whether you are an End User, End Customer, Representative, or Visitor, and the specific Service that you are using. For example, if you're a sole proprietor who wants to use our Business Services, we may collect your Personal Data to onboard your business; at the same time, you might also be an End Customer if you've bought goods from another Business User that is using our Services for payment processing. You could also be an End User if you used our End User Service, such as Link, for those transactions.
1.1 End Users
We provide End User Services when we provide the Services directly to you for your personal use (e.g., Link). Additional details regarding our collection, usage, and sharing of End User Personal Data, including the
legal bases
we rely on for processing such data, can be found in our
Privacy Center
.
a. Personal Data we collect about End Users
Using Link or Connecting your bank account
. Stripe offers a service called "Link," which allows you to create an account and store information for future interactions with Stripe’s Services and Business Users. You may save a number of different kinds of Personal Data using Link. For instance, you may save your name, payment method details, contact information, and address to conveniently use saved information to pay for transactions across our Business Users. When you choose to pay with Link, we will also collect Transaction Data associated with your transactions.
Learn More
.
You can also share and save bank account details to your Link account using Stripe’s
Financial Connections
product. When you use Financial Connections, Stripe will periodically collect and process your account information (such as bank account owner information, account balances, account number and details, account transactions, and, in some cases, log-in credentials). You can ask us to cease the collection of such data at any time.
Learn More
.
Finally, you can use Link to store your identity documents (such as your driver’s license) so that you can share them in future interactions with Stripe or its Business Users.
Paying Stripe
. When you purchase goods or services directly from Stripe, we receive your Transaction Data. For instance, when you make a payment to Stripe Climate, we collect information about the transaction, as well as your contact and payment method details.
Identity/Verification Services
. We offer an identity verification service that automates the comparison of your identity document (such as a driver’s license) with your image (such as a selfie). You can separately consent to us using your biometric data to enhance our verification technology, with the option to revoke your consent at any time.
Learn More
.
More
. For further information about other types of Personal Data that we may collect about End Users, including about your online activity and your engagement with our End User Services, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
b. How we use and share Personal Data of End Users
Services
. We use and share your Personal Data to provide the End User Services to you, which includes support, personalization (such as language preferences and setting choices), and communication about our End User Services (such as communicating Policy updates and information about our Services). For example, Stripe may use cookies and similar technologies or the data you provide to our Business Users (such as when you input your email address on a Business User’s website) to recognize you and help you use Link when visiting our Business User’s website. Learn more about how we use cookies and similar technologies in Stripe’s
Cookie Policy
.
Our Business Users.
When you use Link to make payments with our Business Users, we share your Personal Data, including name, contact information, payment method details, and Transaction Data with those Business Users.
Learn More
. You can also direct Stripe to share your saved bank account information and identity documents with Business Users you do business with. Once we share your Personal Data with Business Users, we may process that Personal Data as a Data Processor for those Business Users, as detailed in Section 1.2 of this Policy.  You should consult the privacy policies of the Business Users’ you do business with for information on how they use the information shared with them.
Fraud Detection and Loss Prevention
. We use your Personal Data collected across our Services to detect fraud and prevent financial losses for you, us, and our Business Users and Financial Partners, including detecting unauthorized purchases. We may provide Business Users and Financial Partners, including those that use our fraud prevention-related Business Services (such as Stripe Radar), with Personal Data about you (including your attempted transactions) so that they can assess the fraud or loss risk associated with the transaction. Learn more about how we may use technology to assess the fraud risk associated with an attempted transaction and what information we share with Business Users and Financial Partners
here
and
here
.
Advertising
. Where permitted by applicable law, we may use your Personal Data, including Transaction Data, to assess your eligibility for, and offer you, other End User Services or promote existing End User Services, including through co-marketing with partners such as Stripe Business Users.
Learn more
. Subject to applicable law, including any consent requirements, we use and share End User Personal Data with third party partners to allow us to advertise our End User Services to you, including through interest-based advertising, and to track the efficacy of such ads. We do not transfer your Personal Data to third parties in exchange for payment, but we may provide your data to third-party partners, such as advertising partners, analytics providers, and social networks, who assist us in advertising our Services to you.
Learn more
.
More
. For further information about ways we may use and share End Users' Personal Data, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
1.2 End Customers
Stripe provides various Business Services to our Business Users, which include processing in-person or online payments or payouts for those Business Users. When acting as a service provider—also referred to as a Data Processor—for a Business User, we process End Customer Personal Data in accordance with our agreement with the Business User and the Business User's lawful instructions. This happens, for example, when we process a payment for a Business User because you purchased a product from them, or when the Business User asks us to send you funds.
Business Users are responsible for ensuring that the privacy rights of their End Customers are respected, including obtaining appropriate consents and making disclosures about their own data collection and use associated with their products and services. If you're an End Customer, please refer to the privacy policy of the Business User you're doing business with for its privacy practices, choices, and controls.
We provide more comprehensive information about our collection, use, and sharing of End Customer Personal Data in our
Privacy Center
, including the
legal bases
we rely on for processing your Personal Data.
a. Personal Data we collect about End Customers
Transaction Data
. If you're an End Customer making payments to, receiving refunds or payments from, initiating a purchase or donation, or otherwise transacting with our Business User, whether in-person or online, we receive your Transaction Data. We may also receive your transaction history with the Business User.
Learn More
. Additionally, we may collect information entered into a checkout form even if you opt not to complete the form or transaction with the Business User.
Learn More
. A Business User who uses Stripe’s Terminal Service to provide its goods or services to End Customers may use the Terminal Service to collect End Customer Personal Data (like your name, email, phone number, address, signature, or age) in accordance with its own privacy policy.
Identity/Verification Information
. Stripe provides a verification and fraud prevention Service that our Business Users can use to verify Personal Data about you, such as your authorization to use a particular payment method. During the process, you’d be asked to share with us certain Personal Data (like your government ID and selfie for biometric verification, Personal Data you input, or Personal Data that is apparent from the physical payment method like a credit card image). To protect against fraud and determine if somebody is trying to impersonate you, we may cross-verify this data with information about you that we've collected from Business Users, Financial Partners, business affiliates, identity verification services, publicly available sources, and other third party service providers and sources.
Learn More
.
More
. For further information about other types of Personal Data that we may collect about End Customers, including about your online activity, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
b. How we use and share Personal Data of End Customers
To provide our Business Services to our Business Users, we use and share End Customers' Personal Data with them. Where allowed, we also use End Customers' Personal Data for Stripe’s own purposes such as enhancing security, improving and offering our Business Services, and preventing fraud, loss, and other damages, as described further below.
Payment processing and accounting
. We use your Transaction Data to deliver Payment-related Business Services to Business Users — including online payment transactions processing, sales tax calculation, and invoice, bill, and dispute handling — and to help them determine their revenue, settle their bills, and execute accounting tasks.
Learn More
. We may also use your Personal Data to provide and improve our Business Services.
During payment transactions, your Personal Data is shared with various entities in connection with your transaction. As a service provider or data processor, we share Personal Data to enable transactions as directed by Business Users. For instance, when you choose a payment method for your transaction, we may share your Transaction Data with your bank or other payment method provider, including as necessary to authenticate you, Learn More, process your transaction, prevent fraud, and handle disputes. The Business User you choose to do business with also receives Transaction Data and might share the data with others. Please review your merchant’s, bank’s, and payment method provider’s privacy policies for more information about how they use and share your Personal Data.
Financial services
. Certain Business Users leverage our Services to offer financial services to you via Stripe or our Financial Partners. For example, a Business User may issue a card product with which you can purchase goods and services. Such cards could carry the brand of Stripe, the bank partner, and/or the Business User. In addition to any Transaction Data we may generate or receive when these cards are used for purchases, we also collect and use your Personal Data to provide and manage these products, including assisting our Business Users in preventing misuse of the cards. Please review the privacy policies of the Business User and, if applicable, our bank partners associated with the financial service (the brands of which may be shown on the card) for more information.
Identity/Verification services
. We use Personal Data about your identity to perform verification services for Stripe or for the Business Users that you are transacting with, to prevent fraud, and to enhance security. For these purposes we may use Personal Data you provide directly or Personal Data we obtain from our service providers, including for phone verification.
Learn More
. If you provide a selfie along with an image of your identity document, we may employ biometric technology to compare and calculate whether they match and verify your identity.
Learn More
.
Fraud detection and loss prevention.
We use your Personal Data collected across our Services to detect and prevent losses for you, us, our Business Users, and Financial Partners. We may provide Business Users and Financial Partners, including those using our fraud prevention-related Business Services, with your Personal Data (including your attempted transactions) to help them assess the fraud or loss risk associated with a transaction. Learn more about how we may use technology to assess the fraud risk associated with an attempted transaction and what information we share with Business Users and Financial Partners
here
and
here
.
Our Business Users (and their authorized third parties).
We share End Customers' Personal Data with their respective Business Users and parties directly authorized by those Business Users to receive such data. Here are common examples of such sharing:
When a Business User instructs Stripe to provide another Business User with access to its Stripe account, including data related to its End Customers, via Stripe Connect.
Sharing information that you have provided to us with a Business User so that we can send payments to you on behalf of that Business User.
Sharing information, documents, or images provided by an End Customer with a Business User when the latter uses Stripe Identity, our identity verification Service, to verify the identity of the End Customer.
The Business Users you choose to do business with may further share your Personal Data with third parties (like additional third party service providers other than Stripe). Please review the Business User’s privacy policy for more information.
Advertising by Business Users
. If you initiate a purchasing process with a Business User, the Business User receives your Personal Data from us in connection with our provision of Services even if you don't finish your purchase. The Business User may use your Personal Data to market and advertise their products or services, subject to the terms of their privacy policy. Please review the Business User’s privacy policy for more information, including your rights to stop their use of your Personal Data for marketing purposes.
More
. For further information about additional ways by which we may use and share End Customers' Personal Data, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
1.3 Representatives
We collect, use, and share Personal Data from Representatives of Business Users (for example, business owners) to provide our Business Services. For more information about how we collect, use, and share Personal Data from Representatives, as well as the
legal bases
we rely on for processing such Personal Data, please visit our
Privacy Center
.
a. Personal Data we collect about Representatives
Registration and contact information
. When you register for a Stripe account for a Business User (including incorporation of a Business), we collect your name and login credentials. If you register for or attend an event organized by Stripe or sign up to receive Stripe communications, we collect your registration and profile data. As a Representative, we may collect your Personal Data from third parties, including data providers, to advertise, market, and communicate with you as detailed further in the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below. We may also link a location with you to tailor the Services or information effectively to your needs.
Learn More
.
Identification Information
. As a current or potential Business User, an owner of a Business User, or a shareholder, officer, or director of a Business User, we need your contact details, such as name, postal address, telephone number, and email address, to fulfill our Financial Partner and regulatory requirements, verify your identity, and prevent fraudulent activities and harm to the Stripe platform. We collect your Personal Data, such as ownership interest in the Business User, date of birth, government-issued identity documents, and associated identifiers, as well as any history of fraud or misuse, directly from you and/or from publicly available sources, third parties such as credit bureaus and via the Services we provide.
Learn More
. You may also choose to provide us with bank account information.
More
. For further information about other types of Personal Data that we may collect about Representatives, including your online activity, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
b. How we use and share Personal Data of Representatives
We typically use the Personal Data of Representatives to provide the Business Services to the corresponding Business Users. The ways we use and share this data are further described below.
Business Services
. We use and share Representatives’ Personal Data with Business Users to provide the Services requested by you or the Business User you represent.
In some instances, we may have to submit your Personal Data to a government entity to provide our Business Services, for purposes such as the incorporation of a business, or calculating and paying applicable sales tax. For our tax-related Business Services, we may use your Personal Data to prepare tax documents and file taxes on behalf of the Business User you represent. For our Atlas business incorporation Services, we may use your Personal Data to submit forms to the IRS on your behalf and file documents with other government authorities, such as articles of incorporation in your state of incorporation.
We share Representatives’ Personal Data with parties authorized by the corresponding Business User, such as Financial Partners servicing a financial product, or third party apps or services the Business User chooses to use alongside our Business Services. Here are common examples of such sharing:
Payment method providers, like Visa or WeChat Pay, require information about Business Users and their Representatives who accept their payment methods. This information is typically required during the onboarding process or for processing transactions and handling disputes for these Business Users.
Learn More
.
A Business User may authorize Stripe to share your Personal Data with other Business Users to facilitate the provision of Services through Stripe Connect.
The use of Personal Data by a third party authorized by a Business User is subject to the third party’s privacy policy.
If you are a Business User who has chosen a name that includes Personal Data (for example, a sole proprietorship or family name in a company name), we will use and share such information for the provision of our Services in the same way we do with any company name. This may include, for example, displaying it on receipts and other transaction-identifying descriptions.
Fraud detection and loss prevention
. We use Representatives’ Personal Data to identify and manage risks that our Business Services might be used for fraudulent activities causing losses to Stripe, End Users, End Customers, Business Users, Financial Partners, and others. We also use information about you obtained from publicly available sources, third parties like credit bureaus and from our Services to address such risks, including to identify patterns of misuse and monitor for terms of service violations. Stripe may share Representatives' Personal Data with Business Users, our Financial Partners, and third party service providers, including phone verification providers,
Learn More
, to verify the information provided by you and identify risk indicators.
Learn More
. We also use and share Representatives' Personal Data to conduct due diligence, including conducting anti-money laundering and sanctions screening in accordance with applicable law.
Advertising
. Where permitted by applicable law, and where required with your consent, we use and share Representatives’ Personal Data with third parties, including
Partners
, so we can advertise and market our Services and Partner integrations. Subject to applicable law, including any consent requirements, we may advertise through interest-based advertising and track the efficacy of such ads. See our
Cookie Policy
. We do not transfer your Personal Data to third parties in exchange for payment. However, we may provide your data to third party partners, like advertising partners, analytics providers, and social networks, who assist us in advertising our Services.
Learn more
. We may also use your Personal Data, including your Stripe account activity, to evaluate your eligibility for and offer you Business Services or promote existing Business Services.
Learn more
.
More
. For further information about additional ways by which we may use and share Representatives’ Personal Data, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
1.4 Visitors
We collect, use, and share the Personal Data of Visitors. More details about how we collect, use, and share Visitors’ Personal Data, along with the
legal bases
we rely on for processing such Personal Data, can be found in our
Privacy Center
.
a. Personal Data we collect about Visitors
When you browse our Sites, we receive your Personal Data, either provided directly by you or collected through our use of cookies and similar technologies. See our
Cookie Policy
for more information. If you opt to complete a form on the Site or third party websites where our advertisements are displayed (like LinkedIn or Facebook), we collect the information you included in the form. This may include your contact information and other information pertaining to your questions about our Services. We may also associate a location with your visit.
Learn More
.
More
. Further details about other types of Personal Data that we may collect from Visitors, including your online activity, can be found in the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
b. How we use and share Personal Data of Visitors
Personalization
. We use the data we collect about you using cookies and similar technologies to measure engagement with the content on the Sites, improve relevancy and navigation, customize your experience (such as language preference and region-specific content), and curate content about Stripe and our Services that's tailored to you. For instance, as not all of our Services are available globally, we may customize our responses based on your region.
Advertising
. Where permitted by applicable law, and where required with your consent, we use and share Visitors’ Personal Data with third parties, including
Partners
, so we can advertise and market our Services and Partner integrations. Subject to applicable law, including any consent requirements, we may advertise through interest-based advertising and track the efficacy of such ads. See our
Cookie Policy
. We do not transfer your Personal Data to third parties in exchange for payment, but we may provide your data to third party partners, like advertising partners, analytics providers, and social networks, who assist us in advertising our Services.
Learn more
.
Engagement
. As you interact with our Sites, we use the information we collect about and through your devices to provide opportunities for further interactions, such as discussions about Services or interactions with chatbots, to address your questions.
More
. For more information about additional ways we may use and share Visitors’ Personal Data, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
2. More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
In addition to the ways described above, we also process your Personal Data as follows:
a. Collection of Personal Data
Online Activity
. Depending on the Service used and how our Business Services are implemented by the Business Users, we may collect information related to:
The devices and browsers you use across our Sites and third party websites, apps, and other online services (“Third Party Sites”).
Usage data associated with those devices and browsers and your engagement with our Services, including data elements like IP address, plug-ins, language preference, time spent on Sites and Third Party Sites, pages visited, links clicked, payment methods used, and the pages that led you to our Sites and Third Party Sites. We also collect activity indicators, such as mouse activity indicators, to help us detect fraud.
Learn More
. See also our
Cookie Policy
.
Communication and Engagement Information
. We also collect information you choose to share with us through various channels, such as support tickets, emails, or social media. If you respond to emails or surveys from Stripe, we collect your email address, name, and any other data you opt to include in your email or responses. If you engage with us over the phone, we collect your phone number and any other information you might provide during the call. Calls with Stripe or Stripe representatives may be recorded.
Learn More
. Additionally, we collect your engagement data, like your registration for, attendance at, or viewing of Stripe events and any other interactions with Stripe personnel.
Forums and Discussion Groups
. If our Sites allow posting of content, we collect Personal Data that you provide in connection with the post.
b. Use of Personal Data.
Besides the use of Personal Data described above, we use Personal Data in the ways listed below:
Analyzing, Improving, and Developing our Services
. We collect and process Personal Data throughout our various Services, whether you are an End User, End Customer, Representative, or Visitor, to improve our Services, develop new Services, and support our efforts to make our Services more efficient, relevant, and useful to you.
Learn More
.  We may use Personal Data to generate aggregate and statistical information to understand and explain how our Services are used.  Examples of how we use Personal Data to analyze, improve, and develop our products and services include:
Using analytics on our Sites, including as described in our Cookie Policy, to help us understand your use of our Sites and Services and diagnose technical issues.
Training machine learning models to power our Services and protect against fraud and other harm.
Learn more
.
Analyzing and drawing inferences from Transaction Data to reduce costs, fraud, and disputes and increase authentication and authorization rates for Stripe and our Business Users.
Communications
. We use the contact information we have about you to deliver our Services,
Learn More
, which may involve sending codes via SMS for your authentication.
Learn More
. If you are an End User, Representative, or Visitor, we may communicate with you using the contact information we have about you to provide information about our Services and our affiliates’ services, invite you to participate in our events, surveys, or user research, or otherwise communicate with you for marketing purposes, in compliance with applicable law, including any consent or opt-out requirements. For example, when you provide your contact information to us or when we collect your business contact details through participation at trade shows or other events, we may use this data to follow up with you regarding an event, provide information requested about our Services, and include you in our marketing information campaigns. Where permitted under applicable law, we may record our calls with you to provide our Services, comply with our legal obligations, perform research and quality assurance, and for training purposes.
Social Media and Promotions
. If you opt to submit Personal Data to engage in an offer, program, or promotion, we use the Personal Data you provide to manage the offer, program, or promotion. We also use the Personal Data you provide, along with the Personal Data you make available on social media platforms, for marketing purposes, unless we are not permitted to do so.
Fraud Prevention and Security
. We collect and use Personal Data to help us identify and manage activities that could be fraudulent or harmful across our Services, enable our fraud detection Business Services, and secure our Services and transactions against unauthorized access, use, alteration or misappropriation of Personal Data, information, and funds. As part of the fraud prevention, detection, security monitoring, and compliance efforts for Stripe and its Business Users, we collect information from publicly available sources, third parties (such as credit bureaus), and via the Services we offer. In some instances, we may also collect information about you directly from you, or from our Business Users, Financial Partners, and other third parties for the same purposes. Furthermore, to protect our Services, we may receive details such as IP addresses and other identifying data about potential security threats from third parties.
Learn More
. Such information helps us verify identities, conduct credit checks where lawfully permitted, and prevent fraud. Additionally, we might use technology to evaluate the potential risk of fraud associated with individuals seeking to procure our Business Services or arising from attempted transactions by an End Customer or End User with our Business Users or Financial Partners.
Compliance with Legal Obligations
. We use Personal Data to meet our contractual and legal obligations related to anti-money laundering, Know-Your-Customer ("KYC") laws, anti-terrorism activities, safeguarding vulnerable customers, export control, and prohibition of doing business with restricted persons or in certain business fields, among other legal obligations. For example, we may monitor transaction patterns and other online signals and use those insights to identify fraud, money laundering, and other harmful activity that could affect Stripe, our Financial Partners, End Users, Business Users and others.
Learn More
. Safety, security, and compliance for our Services are key priorities for us, and collecting and using Personal Data is crucial to this effort.
Minors
. Our Services are not directed to children under the age of 13, and we request that they do not provide Personal Data to seek Services directly from Stripe. In certain jurisdictions, we may impose higher age limits as required by applicable law.
c. Sharing of Personal Data.
Besides the sharing of Personal Data described above, we share Personal Data in the ways listed below:
Stripe Affiliates
. We share Personal Data with other Stripe-affiliated entities for purposes identified in this Policy.
Service Providers or Processors
. In order to provide, communicate, market, analyze, and advertise our Services, we depend on service providers. These providers offer critical services such as providing cloud infrastructure, conducting analytics for the assessment of the speed, accuracy, and/or security of our Services, verifying identities, identifying potentially harmful activity, and providing customer service and audit functions. We authorize these service providers to use or disclose the Personal Data we make available to them to perform services on our behalf and to comply with relevant legal obligations. We require these service providers to contractually commit to security and confidentiality obligations for the Personal Data they process on our behalf. The majority of our service providers are based in the European Union, the United States of America, and India.
Learn More
.
Financial Partners
. We share Personal Data with certain Financial Partners to provide Services to Business Users and offer certain Services in conjunction with these Financial Partners. For instance, we may share certain Personal Data, such as payment processing volume, loan repayment data, and Representative contact information, with institutional investors and lenders who purchase loan receivables or provide financing related to Stripe Capital.
Learn More
.
Others with Consent
. In some situations, we may not offer a service, but instead refer you to others (like professional service firms that we partner with to deliver the Atlas Service). In these instances, we will disclose the identity of the third party and the information to be shared with them, and seek your consent to share the information.
Corporate Transactions
. If we enter or intend to enter a transaction that modifies the structure of our business, such as a reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer, change of control, or other disposition of all or part of our business, assets, or stock, we may share Personal Data with third parties in connection with such transaction. Any other entity that buys us or part of our business will have the right to continue to use your Personal Data, subject to the terms of this Policy.
Compliance and Harm Prevention
. We share Personal Data when we believe it is necessary to comply with applicable law; to abide by rules imposed by Financial Partners in connection with the use of their payment method; to enforce our contractual rights; to secure and protect the Services, rights, privacy, safety, and property of Stripe, you, and others, including against malicious or fraudulent activity; and to respond to valid legal requests from courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies, and other public and government authorities, which may include authorities outside your country of residence.
3. Legal bases for processing Personal Data
For purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and other applicable data protection laws, we rely on a number of legal bases to process your Personal Data.
Learn More
. For some jurisdictions, there may be additional legal bases, which are outlined in the
Jurisdiction-Specific Provisions
section below.
a. Contractual and Pre-Contractual Business Relationships
. We process Personal Data to enter into business relationships with prospective Business Users and End Users and fulfill our respective contractual obligations with them. These processing activities include:
Creation and management of Stripe accounts and Stripe account credentials, including the assessment of applications to initiate or expand the use of our Services;
Creation and management of Stripe Checkout accounts;
Accounting, auditing, and billing activities; and
Processing of payments and related activities, which include fraud detection, loss prevention, transaction optimization, communications about such payments, and related customer service activities.
b. Legal Compliance
. We process Personal Data to verify the identities of individuals and entities to comply with obligations related to fraud monitoring, prevention, and detection, laws associated with identifying and reporting illicit and illegal activities, such as those under the Anti-Money Laundering ("AML") and Know-Your-Customer (“KYC") regulations, and financial reporting obligations. For example, we may be required to record and verify a Business User’s identity to comply with regulations designed to prevent money laundering, fraud, and financial crimes. These legal obligations may require us to report our compliance to third parties and subject ourselves to third party verification audits.
c. Legitimate Interests
. Where permitted under applicable law, we rely on our legitimate business interests to process your Personal Data. The following list provides an example of the business purposes for which we have a legitimate interest in processing your data:
Detection, monitoring, and prevention of fraud and unauthorized payment transactions;
Mitigation of financial loss, claims, liabilities or other harm to End Customers, End Users, Business Users, Financial Partners, and Stripe;
Determination of eligibility for and offering new Stripe Services (
Learn More
);
Response to inquiries, delivery of Service notices, and provision of customer support;
Promotion, analysis, modification, and improvement of our Services, systems, and tools, as well as the development of new products and services, including enhancing the reliability of the Services;
Management, operation, and improvement of the performance of our Sites and Services, through understanding their effectiveness and optimizing our digital assets;
Analysis and advertisement of our Services, and related improvements;
Aggregate analysis and development of business intelligence that enable us to operate, protect, make informed decisions about, and report on the performance of our business;
Sharing of Personal Data with third party service providers that offer services on our behalf and business partners that help us in operating and improving our business (
Learn More)
;
Enabling network and information security throughout Stripe and our Services; and
Sharing of Personal Data among our affiliates.
d. Consent
. We may rely on consent or explicit consent to collect and process Personal Data regarding our interactions with you and the provision of our Services such as Link, Financial Connections, Atlas, and Identity. When we process your Personal Data based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time, and such a withdrawal will not impact the legality of processing performed based on the consent prior to its withdrawal.
e. Substantial Public Interest
. We may process special categories of Personal Data, as defined by the GDPR, when such processing is necessary for reasons of substantial public interest and consistent with applicable law, such as when we conduct politically-exposed person checks. We may also process Personal Data related to criminal convictions and offenses when such processing is authorized by applicable law, such as when we conduct sanctions screening to comply with AML and KYC obligations.
f. Other valid legal bases
. We may process Personal Data further to other valid legal bases as recognized under applicable law in specific jurisdictions. See the Jurisdiction-specific provisions section below for more information.
4. Your rights and choices
Depending on your location and subject to applicable law, you may have choices regarding our collection, use, and disclosure of your Personal Data:
a. Opting out of receiving electronic communications from us
If you wish to stop receiving marketing-related emails from us, you can opt-out by clicking the unsubscribe link included in such emails or as described
here
. We'll try to process your request(s) as quickly as reasonably practicable. However, it's important to note that even if you opt out of receiving marketing-related emails from us, we retain the right to communicate with you about the Services you receive (like support and important legal notices) and our Business Users might still send you messages or instruct us to send you messages on their behalf.
b. Your data protection rights
Depending on your location and subject to applicable law, you may have the following rights regarding the Personal Data we process about you as a data controller:
The right to request confirmation of whether Stripe is processing Personal Data associated with you, the categories of personal data it has processed, and the third parties or categories of third parties with which your Personal Data is shared;
The right to request access to the Personal Data Stripe processes about you (
Learn More
);
The right to request that Stripe rectify or update your Personal Data if it's inaccurate, incomplete, or outdated;
The right to request that Stripe erase your Personal Data in certain circumstances as provided by law (
Learn More
);
The right to request that Stripe restrict the use of your Personal Data in certain circumstances, such as while Stripe is considering another request you've submitted (for instance, a request that Stripe update your Personal Data);
The right to request that we export the Personal Data we hold about you to another company, provided it's technically feasible;
The right to withdraw your consent if your Personal Data is being processed based on your previous consent;
The right to object to the processing of your Personal Data if we are processing your data based on our legitimate interests; unless there are compelling legitimate grounds or the processing is necessary for legal reasons, we will cease processing your Personal Data upon receiving your objection (
Learn More
);
The right not to be discriminated against for exercising these rights; and
The right to appeal any decision by Stripe relating to your rights by contacting Stripe’s Data Protection Officer (“DPO”) at
dpo@stripe.com
, and/or relevant regulatory agencies.
You may have additional rights, depending on applicable law, over your Personal Data. For example, see the Jurisdiction-specific provisions section under United States below.
c. Process for exercising your data protection rights
To exercise your data protection rights related to Personal Data we process as a data controller, visit our
Privacy Center
or contact us as outlined below.  For Personal Data we process as a data processor, please reach out to the relevant data controller (Business User) to exercise your rights. If you contact us regarding your Personal Data we process as a data processor, we will refer you to the relevant data controller to the extent we are able to identify them.
5. Security and Retention
We make reasonable efforts to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk associated with the processing of your Personal Data. We maintain organizational, technical, and administrative measures designed to protect the Personal Data covered by this Policy from unauthorized access, destruction, loss, alteration, or misuse.
Learn More
. Unfortunately, no data transmission or storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
We encourage you to assist us in protecting your Personal Data. If you hold a Stripe account, you can do so by using a strong password, safeguarding your password against unauthorized use, and avoiding using identical login credentials you use for other services or accounts for your Stripe account. If you suspect that your interaction with us is no longer secure (for instance, you believe that your Stripe account's security has been compromised), please
contact us
immediately.
We retain your Personal Data for as long as we continue to provide the Services to you or our Business Users, or for a period in which we reasonably foresee continuing to provide the Services. Even after we stop providing Services directly to you or to a Business User that you're doing business with, and even after you close your Stripe account or complete a transaction with a Business User, we may continue to retain your Personal Data to:
Comply with our legal and regulatory obligations;
Enable fraud monitoring, detection, and prevention activities; and
Comply with our tax, accounting, and financial reporting obligations, including when such retention is required by our contractual agreements with our Financial Partners (and where data retention is mandated by the payment methods you've used).
In cases where we keep your Personal Data, we do so in accordance with any limitation periods and record retention obligations imposed by applicable law.
Learn More
.
6. International Data Transfers
As a global business, it's sometimes necessary for us to transfer your Personal Data to countries other than your own, including the United States. These countries might have data protection regulations that are different from those in your country. When transferring data across borders, we take measures to comply with applicable data protection laws related to such transfer. In certain situations, we may be required to disclose Personal Data in response to lawful requests from officials, such as law enforcement or security authorities.
Learn More
.
If you are located in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), the United Kingdom ("UK"), or Switzerland, please refer to our
Privacy Center
for additional details. When a data transfer mechanism is mandated by applicable law, we employ one or more of the following:
Transfers to certain countries or recipients that are recognized as having an adequate level of protection for Personal Data under applicable law.
EU Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the European Commission and the UK International Data Transfer Addendum issued by the Information Commissioner’s Office. You can obtain a copy of the relevant Standard Contractual Clauses.
Learn More
.
Other lawful methods available to us under applicable law.
Stripe, Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce and as applicable.
Learn More
.
Stripe’s privacy practices, as described in this Privacy Policy, comply with the Cross Border Privacy Rules System (“CBPR”) and Privacy Rules for Processor (“PRP”) systems. These systems provide a framework for organizations to ensure protection of personal data transferred among participating economies. Where CBPR and/or PRP are recognized as a valid transfer mechanism under applicable law, Stripe will transfer Personal Data in accordance with the CBPR and PRP certifications Stripe has obtained. More information about the framework can be found
here
and
here
. If you have unresolved privacy or data use concerns that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S. based third-party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
. To view the status of our certifications, please click
here
(CBPR) and
here
(PRP).
7. Updates and notifications
We may change this Policy from time to time to reflect new services, changes in our privacy practices or relevant laws. The “Last updated” legend at the top of this Policy indicates when this Policy was last materially revised. Any changes are effective the latter of when we post the revised Policy on the Services or otherwise provide notice of the update as required by law.
We may provide you with disclosures and alerts regarding the Policy or Personal Data collected by posting them on our website and, if you are an End User or Representative, by contacting you through your Stripe Dashboard, email address and/or the physical address listed in your Stripe account.
8. Jurisdiction-specific provisions
Australia
. “Personal Data” includes “personal information” as defined under applicable privacy laws in Australia, including the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) as amended from time to time.
If we use personal information to make automated decisions that could reasonably be expected to significantly affect your rights or interests, we will provide the legally required information and transparency via our
Privacy Center
, and/or on a case by case basis.
If you are an Australian resident and dissatisfied with our handling of any complaint you raise under this Policy, you may consider contacting the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner.
Brazil
. You may exercise your rights by contacting our DPO Adi Gilad at dpo@stripe.com. Brazilian residents, for whom the Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais (“LGPD”) applies, have rights set forth in Article 18 of the LGPD.
Canada
. As used in this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Federal Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (“PIPEDA”), the Personal Information Protection Act, SBC 2003 c 63, in British Columbia, the Personal Information Protection Act, SA 2003 c P-6.5, in Alberta, and the Act Respecting the Protection of Personal Information in the Private Sector, CQLR c P-39-1 (“Quebec Private Sector Act”), in Quebec.
Learn more.
“Personal Data” includes “personal information” as defined under those laws.
Stripe’s Chief Privacy Officer is the person in charge of personal information, including under the Quebec Private Sector Act.  You may contact them via email at privacy@stripe.com.  When Stripe collects Personal Data belonging to Canadian (including Quebec) residents, it transfers that data to data centers in the United States.  When Stripe relies on service providers to process Personal Data as described herein, those service providers may also be located outside of Canada or Quebec.
You have the right to request access or rectification of the Personal Data Stripe holds related to you or to withdraw any consent given to the processing of such personal data.  You may exercise those rights by contacting Stripe’s Chief Privacy Officer at privacy@stripe.com.  If you are an End Customer, you should contact the Business User with which you transacted to exercise your rights.
EEA and UK
. You may exercise your rights by contacting our DPO at dpo@stripe.com. If you are a resident of the EEA or the Stripe entity accountable for your Personal data is otherwise subject to the GDPR, and you believe our processing of your information contradicts the GDPR, you may direct your questions or complaints to the Irish Data Protection Commission. If you are a resident of the UK, direct your questions or concerns to the UK Information Commissioner’s Office. You also have additional rights under the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.
Learn More
.
India
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Digital Personal Data Protection Act (“DPDPA”) once the DPDPA enters into effect. Further, the term “data controller” includes “data fiduciaries,” and the term “data subject” includes “data principal,” both as defined in the DPDPA.
In some cases, and as permitted under the DPDPA, we may rely on “legitimate use” as a legal basis. For example, we might do so when you voluntarily provide your Personal Data to us. Where we are required to obtain your explicit and informed consent, we will do so on a case by case basis. “Consent Managers” as defined under the DPDPA may submit a request to revoke or provide consent using the methods described in the Contact Us section below, or as set out in the following paragraph, or via other means made available by Stripe in the future. We may ask for proof of authorization and identity before processing such a request.
You have the right to contact Stripe to nominate another individual, who may, in the event of your death or incapacity, exercise your rights under this Privacy Policy and under the DPDPA and implementing regulations.
In certain cases, you may be asked to consent to the collection and processing of your Aadhaar number by Stripe India Private Limited and/or its third party verification partner(s). The purpose of this collection is to facilitate the identification verification process as required under applicable laws. Your provision of Aadhaar details is purely voluntary, and you may provide other identification documents as may be accepted by us from time to time. You will not be denied service merely for not submitting Aadhaar details.
If you have any questions or complaints regarding the processing of your Personal Data in India, or if you want to receive this Policy or communicate with us about privacy in one of India’s official languages, please
contact our Nodal and Grievance Officer
.
Learn More
. Alternatively, you may contact our DPO at dpo@stripe.com. If we are unable to address your complaint or grievance, you have the right to escalate the matter to the Data Protection Board of India.
Indonesia
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes Law No. 11 of 2008 as amended by Law No. 19 of 2016 on Electronic Information and Transactions, Government Regulation No. 71 of 2019 on the Implementation of Electronic Systems and Transactions, and Minister of Communication and Informatics Regulation No. 20 of 2016 on Personal Data Protection in Electronic Systems, and from September 2024, Law No. 27 of 2022 concerning Personal Data Protection (“PDP Law”). If you have any questions or complaints about this Policy, please contact our DPO at dpo@stripe.com.
Japan
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Act on the Protection of Personal Information (“APPI”). When we transfer Personal Data of data subjects in Japan to jurisdictions not recognized as ‘adequate’ by the Personal Information Protection Commission, we enter into written agreements with any third parties located outside of Japan. These written agreements provide rights and obligations equivalent to those provided under the Japanese Act on the Protection of Personal Information. For more information on how we ensure that third parties protect your data and where your data is located, please see above or contact us as described below. For a description of foreign systems and frameworks that may affect the implementation of equivalent measures by the third party, see
here
. In some cases, and as permitted under the APPI, we may rely on “public interest” as a legal basis, such as fraud detection and loss prevention.
Malaysia
. If you have any questions or complaints about this Policy, please contact our DPO at dpo@stripe.com.
Singapore
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Personal Data Protection Act 2012 (“PDPA”) (No. 26 of 2012) as amended from time to time. In some cases, and as permitted under the PDPA, we may rely on “deemed consent” as a legal basis. For example, we do so when you voluntarily provide your personal data to us. If you have any questions or complaints about this Policy, please contact our DPO at dpo@stripe.com.
Switzerland
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Swiss Federal Act on Data Protection (“FADP”), as revised. To exercise your rights under the FADP, please contact our DPO at dpo@stripe.com. You may also have additional rights under the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework.
Learn More
.
Thailand
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Personal Data Protection Act 2019 (“PDPA”). If we rely on certain legal bases (such as “legal obligation” or “contractual necessity” and you do not provide us with your Personal Data, we may not be able to lawfully provide you services. If you have any questions or complaints about this Policy, please contact our DPO at
dpo@stripe.com
. Where required, we have put in place appropriate safeguards for the cross-border transfer of Personal Data from Thailand, including the EU Standard Contractual Clauses as adapted for Thailand data transfers in accordance with the Notification of the Personal Data Protection Committee on Criteria for the Protection of Personal Data Sent or Transferred to a Foreign Country Pursuant to Section 29 of the Personal Data Protection Act, B.E. 2562 B.E. 2566 (2023).
United States
. If you are a consumer located in the United States (“US”), we process your personal information in accordance with US federal and state privacy laws. For additional  details, please review the information below and see our additional U.S. Privacy Disclosures
here
. Stripe uses cookies, including advertising cookies, as described in our
Cookie Policy
.
Your Rights and Choices
. As a US consumer and subject to certain limitations under US privacy laws, you may have choices regarding our use and disclosure of your Personal Data.  In addition to the
above rights
, you may also have the rights listed in this section. Please see our Privacy Center to
learn more
about data subject rights metrics and
learn more
about the laws under which these rights may apply.
Exercising the right to know: You have a right to request additional information about the categories of personal information collected, sold, disclosed, or shared; purposes for which this personal information was collected, sold, or shared; categories of sources of personal information; and categories of third parties with whom we disclosed or shared this personal information.
Exercising the right to opt-out from a sale or sharing: We do not transfer your personal data to third parties in exchange for payment. However, as noted above, we may provide the data to third party partners, such as advertising partners, analytics providers, and social networks, who assist us in advertising our products and Services to you. Because these third parties may use the data Stripe provides for their own purposes, Stripe's provision of data to these parties may be considered a data “sale” or “sharing” (for behavioral advertising) as those terms are defined under the CCPA and other applicable US privacy laws. You can opt out of targeted advertising and any related data “sales” or “sharing” (for behavioral advertising)
here
.
Exercising the right to limit the use or sharing of Sensitive Personal Information: We do not sell or share (for behavioral advertising) Sensitive Personal Information as defined by US privacy laws and have not done so in the past 12 months. Learn more about our collection and use of Sensitive Personal Information over the last 12 months
here
.
Profiling with legal or similarly significant effects
: In the event that we engage in profiling or automated decision making for which applicable law entitles you to an opt out we will provide you with notice of how to exercise that opt-out right.
Appeal
: If you wish to appeal any of our decisions regarding a rights request under US privacy laws, you may do so by contacting Stripe’s Data Protection Officer (“DPO”) at
dpo@stripe.com
.
To submit a request to exercise any of the rights described above, please contact us using the methods described in the Contact Us section below. Please note that rights under some U.S. state laws do not apply to Personal Data we collect, process, and disclose when you act as a consumer to obtain financial products or services from Stripe for personal, family, or household purposes. The federal Gramm-Leach Bliley Act may govern how Stripe shares and protects that data instead. See our
US Consumer Privacy Notice
below for more information.
We will verify your request by asking you to send it from the email address associated with your account or requiring you to provide information necessary to verify your identity, including name, address, transaction history, photo identification, and other information associated with your account.
You may designate, in writing or through a power of attorney, an authorized agent to make requests on your behalf to exercise your rights under the CCPA and other applicable US privacy laws. Your agent may submit a request on your behalf by contacting us using the methods described in the Contact Us section below. We may still require you to directly verify your identity and confirm that you gave the authorized agent permission to submit the request.
Global Privacy Control signals
. Stripe honors the Global Privacy Control (GPC) opt-out preference signals.
Learn More
.
9. Contact us
If you have any questions or complaints about this Policy, please
contact us
. If you are an End Customer (i.e., an individual doing business or transacting with a Business User), please refer to the privacy policy or notice of the Business User for information regarding the Business User’s privacy practices, choices and controls, or contact the Business User directly.
10. US Consumer Privacy Notice
The following Consumer Privacy Notice applies to you if you are an individual who resides in the United States and obtains financial services from Stripe primarily for your own personal, family, or household purposes.
Last updated: January 16, 2025
FACTS
WHAT DOES STRIPE DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information.  Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing.  Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information.  Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
• Social Security Number
• Contact details
• Account balances and transaction history
• Payment, transaction, and purchase information and history
When you are
no longer
our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
How?
All financial companies need to share customers' personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers' personal information; the reasons Stripe chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does Stripe Share?
Can you limit this sharing
For our everyday business purposes – such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
For our marketing purposes - to offer our products and Services to you
Yes
No
For joint marketing with other financial companies
Yes
No
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes - information about your transactions and experiences
Yes
No
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes - information about your creditworthiness
No
We don’t share
For our affiliates to market to you
No
We don’t share
For nonaffiliates to market to you  (for data not collected through Financial Connections)
Yes
Yes
For nonaffiliates to market to you  (for data collected through Financial Connections)
No
We don’t share
To limit our sharing
Login to your Link account at
app.link.com/settings
and toggle off data sharing from the Messaging menu.
Please note: If you are a new customer, we can begin sharing your information 30 days from the date we sent this notice. When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
However, you can contact us at any time to limit our sharing.
Questions?
Contact us at privacy@stripe.com or visit us at https://support.link.com
Who we are
Who is providing this notice?
Stripe, Inc., Stripe Payments Company, and their affiliates that provide consumers services in the U.S.
What we do
How does Stripe protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access, destruction, loss, alteration, or misuse we use security measures to comply with federal law.  These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.  We impose access controls along with ongoing monitoring to prevent data misuse, and we require our service providers to take similar steps to protect your information.
How does Stripe collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you
• open a Link account;
• ask Stripe to process a payment for goods or services;
• provide bank account information to Stripe using Financial Connections
We also collect your personal information from others, such as affiliates or other companies.
Why can’t I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only
• sharing for affiliates’ everyday business purposes — information about your creditworthiness
• affiliates from using your information to market to you
• sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you.
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing. See the Other Important Information section below for more information on your rights under state law.
What happens when I limit sharing for an account I hold jointly with someone else?
Your choices will apply to everyone on your account.
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
• Our affiliates include companies operating under the Stripe name, such as Stripe Technology Europe, Ltd. and Stripe Payments UK, Ltd.
Nonaffiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control.  They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
• Nonaffiliates with which we share personal information include service providers that perform services or functions on our behalf, Business Users with which you choose to transact, partners with which we share data to provide you with services, and advertising partners, analytics providers, and social networks, who assist us in advertising our Services to you.
Joint Marketing
A formal agreement between non-affiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.
• Our joint marketing partners include financial companies we partner with to provide you with financial services.
Other important information
Vermont: If your account with us is associated with a Vermont billing address, we will not disclose information about your creditworthiness to our affiliates and will not disclose your personal information, financial information, credit report, or health information to nonaffiliated third parties to market to you, other than as permitted by Vermont law, unless you authorize us to make those disclosures.  For joint marketing, we will only disclose your name, contact information, and information about your transactions.  Additional information concerning our privacy policies can be found in our
Privacy Policy
and
Privacy Center
.
California: If your account with us is associated with a California billing address, we will not disclose Personal Data we collect about you except to the extent permitted under California law.  For instance, we may disclose your Personal Data as necessary to process transactions or provide products and services you request, at your instruction, as required for institution risk control, and to safeguard against fraud, identity theft, and unauthorized transactions.
For additional information about our privacy practices, please visit the
Stripe Privacy Center
.