DEUTSCH
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy is applicable to the
Modulo Calculator
app (hereinafter referred to as "Application") for mobile devices, which was developed by
Milos Lukas Ziolkowski [MLZ]
(hereinafter referred to as "Service Provider") as a an Ad Supported service. This service is provided "AS IS".
What information does the Application obtain and how is it used?
User Provided Information
The Application acquires the information you supply when you download and register the Application. Registration with the Service Provider is not mandatory. However, bear in mind that you might not be able to utilize some of the features offered by the Application unless you register with them.
The Service Provider may also use the information you provided them to contact you from time to time to provide you with important information, required notices and marketing promotions.
Automatically Collected Information
In addition, the Application may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile devices unique device ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browsers you use, and information about the way you use the Application.
Does the Application collect precise real time location information of the device?
This Application does not gather precise information about the location of your mobile device.
Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Application?
Only aggregated, anonymized data is periodically transmitted to external services to aid the Service Provider in improving the Application and their service. The Service Provider may share your information with third parties in the ways that are described in this privacy statement.
Please note that the Application utilizes third-party services that have their own Privacy Policy about handling data. Below are the links to the Privacy Policy of the third-party service providers used by the Application:
For Android:
Google Play Services
For Apple devices
:
App Store
AdMob
The Service Provider may disclose User Provided and Automatically Collected Information:
as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process;
when they believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect their rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;
with their trusted services providers who work on their behalf, do not have an independent use of the information we disclose to them, and have agreed to adhere to the rules set forth in this privacy statement.
What are my opt-out rights?
You can halt all collection of information by the Application easily by uninstalling the Application. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network.
Data Retention Policy, Managing Your Information
The Service Provider will retain User Provided data for as long as you use the Application and for a reasonable time thereafter. The Service Provider will retain Automatically Collected information for up to 24 months and thereafter may store it in aggregate. If you'd like the Service Provider to delete User Provided Data that you have provided via the Application, please contact them at mlz.1991.d+support@gmail.com and we will respond in a reasonable time. Please note that some or all of the User Provided Data may be required in order for the Application to function properly.
Children
The Service Provider does not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13.
The Application does not address anyone under the age of 13. The Service Provider does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 years of age. In the case the Service Provider discovers that a child under 13 has provided personal information, the Service Provider will immediately delete this from their servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact the Service Provider (mlz.1991.d+support@gmail.com) so that they will be able to take the necessary actions.
Security
The Service Provider is concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. The Service Provider provides physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve their Application. Please be aware that, although we endeavor to provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. The Service Provider will notify you of any changes to the Privacy Policy by updating this page with the new Privacy Policy. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes.
This privacy policy is effective as of 2024-11-16
Your Consent
By using the Application, you are giving your consent to the Service Provider processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. "Processing,” means using cookies on a computer/hand held device or using or touching information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information.
Contact us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about the practices, please contact the Service Provider:
Email:
mlz.1991.d+support@gmail.com
Phone:
+49 1567 8578605
Address:
Milos Ziolkowski
MLZ
Lodemannsweg 2A
44319 Dortmund
Germany
This privacy policy page was generated by
App Privacy Policy Generator
Datenschutzerklärung
Diese Datenschutzerklärung gilt für die
Modulo Rechner
App (nachfolgend "Anwendung" genannt) für mobile Geräte, die von
Milos Lukas Ziolkowski [MLZ]
(nachfolgend "Diensteanbieter" genannt) als werbefinanzierter Dienst entwickelt wurde. Dieser Dienst
ist ohne Änderungen zu verwenden
.
Welche Informationen sammelt die Anwendung und wie werden sie verwendet?
Vom Benutzer bereitgestellte Informationen
Die Anwendung erfasst die Informationen, die Sie beim Herunterladen und der Registrierung der Anwendung angeben. Eine Registrierung beim Diensteanbieter ist nicht verpflichtend. Bitte beachten Sie jedoch, dass Sie möglicherweise einige der von der Anwendung angebotenen Funktionen nicht nutzen können, es sei denn, Sie registrieren sich.
Der Diensteanbieter kann die von Ihnen bereitgestellten Informationen auch verwenden, um Sie gelegentlich zu kontaktieren und Ihnen wichtige Informationen, erforderliche Hinweise und Marketingaktionen zukommen zu lassen.
Automatisch gesammelte Informationen
Darüber hinaus kann die Anwendung bestimmte Informationen automatisch erfassen, darunter, aber nicht beschränkt auf, den Typ des von Ihnen verwendeten mobilen Geräts, die eindeutige Geräte-ID Ihres mobilen Geräts, die IP-Adresse Ihres mobilen Geräts, Ihr mobiles Betriebssystem, den Typ des mobilen
Internetbrowsers,
den Sie verwenden, sowie Informationen darüber, wie Sie die Anwendung nutzen.
Erfasst die Anwendung präzise Echtzeit-Standortinformationen des Geräts?
Diese Anwendung sammelt keine präzisen Informationen über den Standort Ihres mobilen Geräts.
Sehen
Dritte und/oder
haben sie Zugriff auf durch die Anwendung erfasste Informationen?
Nur aggregierte, anonymisierte Daten werden regelmäßig an externe Dienste übermittelt, um dem Diensteanbieter zu helfen, die Anwendung und seinen Service zu verbessern. Der Diensteanbieter kann Ihre Informationen mit Dritten auf die in dieser Datenschutzerklärung beschriebene Weise teilen.
Bitte beachten Sie, dass die Anwendung Drittanbieterdienste nutzt, die ihre eigenen Datenschutzrichtlinien zur Handhabung von Daten haben. Nachfolgend finden Sie die Links zu den Datenschutzrichtlinien der Drittanbieter, die von der Anwendung verwendet werden:
Für Android:
Google Play Services
Für Apple-Geräte
:
App Store
AdMob
Der Diensteanbieter kann vom Benutzer bereitgestellte und automatisch gesammelte Informationen offenlegen:
wenn dies gesetzlich erforderlich ist, z. B. zur Einhaltung einer Vorladung oder eines ähnlichen rechtlichen Verfahrens;
wenn der Diensteanbieter in gutem Glauben der Ansicht ist, dass eine Offenlegung erforderlich ist, um seine Rechte zu schützen, Ihre Sicherheit oder die Sicherheit anderer zu schützen, Betrug zu untersuchen oder auf eine behördliche Anfrage zu reagieren;
an seine vertrauenswürdigen Diensteanbieter, die in seinem Auftrag arbeiten, keine unabhängige Nutzung der ihnen übermittelten Informationen haben und sich bereit erklärt haben, die in dieser Datenschutzerklärung festgelegten Regeln einzuhalten.
Welche Opt-Out-Rechte habe ich?
Sie können die Erfassung von Informationen durch die Anwendung einfach beenden, indem Sie die Anwendung deinstallieren. Sie können die
Standard-Deinstallationsprozesse
verwenden, die als Teil Ihres mobilen Geräts oder
über
den mobilen
Anwendungsmarktplatz
oder das Netzwerk verfügbar sind.
Datenspeicherung, Verwaltung Ihrer Informationen
Der Diensteanbieter speichert die vom Benutzer bereitgestellten Daten, solange Sie die Anwendung nutzen, und für einen angemessenen Zeitraum danach. Automatisch gesammelte Informationen werden bis zu 24 Monate gespeichert und danach möglicherweise in aggregierter Form aufbewahrt. Wenn Sie möchten, dass der Diensteanbieter die von Ihnen über die Anwendung bereitgestellten Benutzerdaten
löscht,
kontaktieren Sie uns bitte unter mlz.1991.d+support@gmail.com, und wir werden innerhalb eines angemessenen Zeitraums antworten. Bitte beachten Sie, dass einige oder alle der vom Benutzer bereitgestellten Daten erforderlich sein können, damit die Anwendung ordnungsgemäß funktioniert.
Kinder
Der Diensteanbieter nutzt die Anwendung nicht, um wissentlich Daten von oder an Kinder unter 13 Jahren zu vermarkten oder zu erheben.
Die Anwendung richtet sich nicht an Personen unter 13 Jahren. Der Diensteanbieter sammelt nicht wissentlich personenbezogene Daten von Kindern unter 13 Jahren. Wenn der Diensteanbieter feststellt, dass ein Kind unter 13 Jahren personenbezogene Daten bereitgestellt hat, wird er diese umgehend von seinen Servern löschen. Wenn Sie ein Elternteil oder Vormund sind und erfahren, dass Ihr Kind dem Diensteanbieter personenbezogene Daten übermittelt hat, kontaktieren Sie bitte den Diensteanbieter (mlz.1991.d+support@gmail.com), damit er die erforderlichen Maßnahmen ergreifen kann.
Sicherheit
Der Diensteanbieter ist besorgt um die Wahrung der Vertraulichkeit Ihrer Informationen. Der Diensteanbieter stellt physische, elektronische und verfahrenstechnische Sicherheitsmaßnahmen bereit, um die Informationen zu schützen, die wir verarbeiten und aufbewahren. Zum Beispiel beschränken wir den Zugriff auf diese Informationen auf autorisierte Mitarbeiter und Auftragnehmer, die diese Informationen kennen müssen, um die Anwendung zu betreiben, zu entwickeln oder zu verbessern. Bitte beachten Sie, dass wir uns zwar bemühen, angemessene Sicherheitsmaßnahmen für die von uns verarbeiteten und gespeicherten Informationen bereitzustellen, jedoch kein Sicherheitssystem alle potenziellen Sicherheitsverletzungen verhindern kann.
Änderungen
Diese Datenschutzerklärung kann von Zeit zu Zeit aktualisiert werden. Der Diensteanbieter wird Sie über etwaige Änderungen der Datenschutzerklärung informieren, indem er diese Seite mit der neuen Datenschutzerklärung aktualisiert. Es wird empfohlen, diese Datenschutzerklärung regelmäßig zu überprüfen, da die fortgesetzte Nutzung der Anwendung als Zustimmung zu allen Änderungen gilt.
Diese Datenschutzerklärung ist gültig ab dem 16.11.2024.
Ihre Zustimmung
Durch die Nutzung der Anwendung erklären Sie sich mit der Verarbeitung Ihrer Informationen durch den Diensteanbieter einverstanden, wie in dieser Datenschutzerklärung beschrieben und in zukünftigen Änderungen. „Verarbeitung“ bedeutet die Verwendung von Cookies auf einem Computer/Handgerät oder die Nutzung oder Berührung von Informationen in irgendeiner Weise, einschließlich, aber nicht beschränkt auf das Sammeln, Speichern, Löschen, Verwenden, Kombinieren und Offenlegen von Informationen.
Kontakt
Wenn Sie Fragen zum Datenschutz bei der Nutzung der Anwendung haben oder Fragen zu den Praktiken haben, kontaktieren Sie bitte den Diensteanbieter:
Email:
mlz.1991.d+support@gmail.com
Phone:
+49 1567 8578605
Address:
Milos Ziolkowski
MLZ
Lodemannsweg 2A
44319 Dortmund
Germany
This privacy policy page was generated by
App Privacy Policy Generator
Impressum und Haftungsausschluss
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com/url?q=https://app-privacy-policy-generator.nisrulz.com/&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1731764950973523&usg=AOvVaw20U_F9gezJh-URnIpx6hlH:
Redirect Notice
The page you were on is trying to send you to
https://app-privacy-policy-generator.nisrulz.com/
.
If you do not want to visit that page, you can
return to the previous page
.