Diet AI
END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT
Last updated November 10, 2024
Terms of Use
​
Unyted is licensed to You (End-User) by Unyted Inc., located and registered at Resident Agents Inc. - 8 The Green, Ste R., Dover,
Delaware 19901, United States ("Licensor"), for use only under the terms of this License Agreement.By downloading the Licensed
Application from Apple's software distribution platform ("App Store"), and any update thereto (as permitted by this License
Agreement), You indicate that You agree to be bound by all of the terms and conditions of this License Agreement, and that You accept
this License Agreement. App Store is referred to in this License Agreement as "Services."The parties of this License Agreement
acknowledge that the Services are not a Party to this License Agreement and are not bound by any provisions or obligations with
regard to the Licensed Application, such as warranty, liability, maintenance and support thereof. Unyted Inc., not the Services, is solely
responsible for the Licensed Application and the content thereof.This License Agreement may not provide for usage rules for the
Licensed Application that are in conflict with the latest Apple Media Services Terms and Conditions ("Usage Rules"). Unyted Inc.
acknowledges that it had the opportunity to review the Usage Rules and this License Agreement is not conflicting with them.Unyted
when purchased or downloaded through the Services, is licensed to You for use only under the terms of this License Agreement. The
Licensor reserves all rights not expressly granted to You. Unyted is to be used on devices that operate with Apple's operating systems
("iOS" and "Mac OS").
1. THE APPLICATION
Unyted ("Licensed Application") is a piece of software application created for travel plan generation — and customized for iOS mobile
devices ("Devices"). It is used to Find services near you, compare pricing and negotiate terms anonymously..The Licensed Application is
not tailored to comply with industry-specific regulations (Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA), Federal
Information Security Management Act (FISMA), etc.), so if your interactions would be subjected to such laws, you may not use this
Licensed Application. You may not use the Licensed Application in a way that would violate the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA).
2. SCOPE OF LICENSE
2.1
You are given a non-transferable, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable license to install and use the Licensed Application on any
Devices that You (End-User) own or control and as permitted by the Usage Rules, with the exception that such Licensed Application
may be accessed and used by other accounts associated with You (End-User, The Purchaser) via Family Sharing or volume purchasing.
2.2
This license will also govern any updates of the Licensed Application provided by Licensor that replace, repair, and/or supplement
the first Licensed Application, unless a separate license is provided for such update, in which case the terms of that new license will
govern.
2.3
You may not share or make the Licensed Application available to third parties (unless to the degree allowed by the Usage Rules,
and with Unyted Inc.'s prior written consent), sell, rent, lend, lease or otherwise redistribute the Licensed Application.
2.4
You may not reverse engineer, translate, disassemble, integrate, decompile, remove, modify, combine, create derivative works or
updates of, adapt, or attempt to derive the source code of the Licensed Application, or any part thereof (except with Unyted Inc.'s
prior written consent).
2.5
You may not copy (excluding when expressly authorized by this license and the Usage Rules) or alter the Licensed Application or
portions thereof. You may create and store copies only on devices that You own or control for backup keeping under the terms of this
license, the Usage Rules, and any other terms and conditions that apply to the device or software used. You may not remove any
intellectual property notices. You acknowledge that no unauthorized third parties may gain access to these copies at any time. If you
sell your Devices to a third party, you must remove the Licensed Application from the Devices before doing so.
2.6
Violations of the obligations mentioned above, as well as the attempt of such infringement, may be subject to prosecution and
damages.
2.7
Licensor reserves the right to modify the terms and conditions of licensing.
2.8
Nothing in this license should be interpreted to restrict third-party terms. When using the Licensed Application, You must ensure
that You comply with applicable third-party terms and conditions.
3. TECHNICAL REQUIREMENTS
3.1
The Licensed Application requires a firmware version 1.0.0 or higher. Licensor recommends using the latest version of the
firmware.
3.2
Licensor attempts to keep the Licensed Application updated so that it complies with modified/new versions of the firmware and
new hardware. You are not granted rights to claim such an update.
3.3
You acknowledge that it is Your responsibility to confirm and determine that the app end-user device on which You intend to use
the Licensed Application satisfies the technical specifications mentioned above.
3.4
Licensor reserves the right to modify the technical specifications as it sees appropriate at any time.
4. MAINTENANCE AND SUPPORT
4.1
The Licensor is solely responsible for providing any maintenance and support services for this Licensed Application. You can reach
the Licensor at the email address listed in the App Store Overview for this Licensed Application.
4.2
Unyted Inc. and the End-User acknowledge that the Services have no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance and
support services with respect to the Licensed Application.
5. USE OF DATA
You acknowledge that Licensor will be able to access and adjust Your downloaded Licensed Application content and Your personal
information, and that Licensor's use of such material and information is subject to Your legal agreements with Licensor and Licensor's
privacy policy, which can be found at the bottom of the Licensed Application.You acknowledge that the Licensor may periodically
collect and use technical data and related information about your device, system, and application software, and peripherals, offer
product support, facilitate the software updates, and for purposes of providing other services to you (if any) related to the Licensed
Application. Licensor may also use this information to improve its products or to provide services or technologies to you, as long as it is
in a form that does not personally identify you.
6. USER-GENERATED CONTRIBUTIONS
The Licensed Application may invite you to chat, contribute to, or participate in blogs, message boards, online forums, and other
functionality, and may provide you with the opportunity to create, submit, post, display, transmit, perform, publish, distribute, or
broadcast content and materials to us or in the Licensed Application, including but not limited to text, writings, video, audio,
photographs, graphics, comments, suggestions, or personal information or other material (collectively, "Contributions"). Contributions
may be viewable by other users of the Licensed Application and through third-party websites or applications. As such, any
Contributions you transmit may be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary. When you create or make available any
Contributions, you thereby represent and warrant that:
1. The creation, distribution, transmission, public display, or performance, and the accessing, downloading, or copying of your
Contributions do not and will not infringe the proprietary rights, including but not limited to the copyright, patent, trademark, trade
secret, or moral rights of any third party.
2. You are the creator and owner of or have the necessary licenses, rights, consents, releases, and permissions to use and to authorize
us, the Licensed Application, and other users of the Licensed Application to use your Contributions in any manner contemplated by the
Licensed Application and this License Agreement.
3. You have the written consent, release, and/or permission of each and every identifiable individual person in your Contributions to
use the name or likeness or each and every such identifiable individual person to enable inclusion and use of your Contributions in any
manner contemplated by the Licensed Application and this License Agreement.
4. Your Contributions are
12. CONTACT INFORMATION
For general inquiries, complaints, questions or claims concerning the Licensed Application, please contact:
Customer Success
Resident Agents Inc. - 8 The Green, Ste R.Dover, DE 19901, United States
support@unyted.app
13. TERMINATION
The license is valid until terminated by Unyted Inc. or by You. Your rights under this license will terminate automatically and without
notice from Unyted Inc. if You fail to adhere to any term(s) of this license. Upon License termination, You shall stop all use of the
Licensed Application, and destroy all copies, full or partial, of the Licensed Application.
14. THIRD-PARTY TERMS OF AGREEMENTS AND BENEFICIARY
Unyted Inc. represents and warrants that Unyted Inc. will comply with applicable third-party terms of agreement when using Licensed
Application.In Accordance with Section 9 of the "Instructions for Minimum Terms of Developer's End-User License Agreement," Apple's
subsidiaries shall be third-party beneficiaries of this End User License Agreement and — upon Your acceptance of the terms and
conditions of this License Agreement, Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce this End User
License Agreement against You as a third-party beneficiary thereof.
15. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
Unyted Inc. and the End-User acknowledge that, in the event of any third-party claim that the Licensed Application or the End-User's
possession and use of that Licensed Application infringes on the third party's intellectual property rights, Unyted Inc., and not the
Services, will be solely responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement, and discharge or any such intellectual property
infringement claims.
15. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
Unyted Inc. and the End-User acknowledge that, in the event of any third-party claim that the Licensed Application or the End-User's possession and use of that Licensed Application infringes on the third party's intellectual property rights, Unyted Inc., and not the Services, will be solely responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement, and discharge or any such intellectual property infringement claims.
 
16. APPLICABLE LAW
This License Agreement is governed by the laws of the State of Delaware excluding its conflicts of law rules.
 
17. MISCELLANEOUS
17.1 If any of the terms of this agreement should be or become invalid, the validity of the remaining provisions shall not be affected. Invalid terms will be replaced by valid ones formulated in a way that will achieve the primary purpose.        
17.2 Collateral agreements, changes and amendments are only valid if laid down in writing. The preceding clause can only be waived in writing.
17.3 The services that are provided by businesses are on an “As Is” and “As Available” basis without any warranties of any kind, and we expressly disclaim any and all warranties, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied-warranty of merchantability, title, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement. You acknowledge that we do not warrant that the Service will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, error-free or virus-free, nor does Unyted make any warranty as to the results that may be obtained from use of the Services, and no information, advice or services obtained by you from us or through the Services shall create any warranty not expressly stated in these Terms. 
Our Services neither substitute any doctor, medical advisor or counselor nor are designed or intended to diagnose or prevent any disease or medical problem directly; the businesses offering the service are the primary accountable party for all kinds of results, diagnosis or treatment. By using the Application, you agree that we shall not be held liable for the use of the Application. 
You will be provided with all our Services via an internet connection. You accept and acknowledge that we have no representation or responsibility regarding the fees applied for your internet usage.
If you have any doubts about your health either before using our Services for the first time or while using the Services, you must consult your doctor before beginning to use or continuing to use the Services. You shall not use the Services if you have any medical problem or risk.
 
18. SUBSCRIPTIONS
Unyted Travel App allows you to purchase access to Content or Services on a subscription basis (“Paid Subscriptions”). Paid Subscriptions automatically renew until canceled in the Manage Subscriptions section of your account settings. To learn more about canceling your subscriptions, visit Add a heading You will be notified if the price of a Paid Subscription increases and, if required, your consent will be required to continue. You will be charged no more than twenty-four (24) hours prior to the start of the latest Paid Subscription period. If we cannot charge your payment method for any reason (such as expiration or insufficient funds), and you have not canceled the Paid Subscription, you remain responsible for any uncollected amounts, and we will attempt to charge the payment method as you may update your payment method information. This may result in a change to the start of your next Paid Subscription period and may change the date on which you are billed for each period, as displayed on your receipt. We reserve the right to cancel your Paid Subscription if we are unable to successfully charge your payment method to renew your subscription. 
When your Paid Subscription to any Service or Content ends, you will lose access to any functionality or Content of that Service that requires a Paid Subscription.
 

© 2024 by Unyted Inc.
Privacy



We receive, collect and store any information you enter on our website or provide us in any other way. In addition, we collect the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet; login; e-mail address; password; computer and connection information and purchase history. We may use software tools to measure and collect session information, including page response times, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information, and methods used to browse away from the page. We also collect personally identifiable information (including name, email, password, communications); payment details (including credit card information), comments, feedback, product reviews, recommendations, and personal profile.
 
We collect such Non-personal and Personal Information for the following purposes:
To provide and operate the Services;
To provide our Users with ongoing customer assistance and technical support;
To be able to contact our Visitors and Users with general or personalized service-related notices and promotional messages;
To create aggregated statistical data and other aggregated and/or inferred Non-personal Information, which we or our business partners may use to provide and improve our respective services; 
To comply with any applicable laws and regulations.
 
​Our company is hosted on the Wix.com platform. Wix.com provides us with the online platform that allows us to sell our products and services to you. Your data may be stored through Wix.com’s data storage, databases and the general Wix.com applications. They store your data on secure servers behind a firewall. 
 
All direct payment gateways offered by Wix.com and used by our company adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, MasterCard, American Express and Discover. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of credit card information by our store and its service providers.
 
We may contact you to notify you regarding your account, to troubleshoot problems with your account, to resolve a dispute, to collect fees or monies owed, to poll your opinions through surveys or questionnaires, to send updates about our company, or as otherwise necessary to contact you to enforce our User Agreement, applicable national laws, and any agreement we may have with you. For these purposes we may contact you via email.
 
If you don’t want us to process your data anymore, please contact us at support@unyted.app.
 
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here that it has been updated, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we use and/or disclose it. 






© 2024 by Unyted Inc.