Privacy Policy
Superapp Labs Teknoloji A.Ş.
Last Updated: 23 February 2025
1. Objective
Superapp Labs Teknoloji A.Ş. ("Superapp Labs" or "Company"), aims to process the personal data of users in accordance with general principles of privacy and the provisions of the applicable data protection legislation to the relevant person, particularly Law on Personal Data Protection No. 6698, ("Law No: 6690") and other applicable legislation.
Your personal data, which you provided/will provide to our Company and/or obtained by our Company by any means, may be processed by our Company as "Data Controller":
In the context of the objective of processing your personal data and in connection with this purpose, in a limited and measured manner,
By maintaining the accuracy and up-to-date version of the personal data as reported or notified to our Company,
May be recorded, stored, preserved, reorganized and be transferred to the institutions authorized to request such personal data by law and shall be transferred, classified and shared with third parties within the country or abroad under the conditions stipulated by legislation and upon your explicit consent if necessary, and they may be processed by other means listed under the legislation and be subject to other procedures set forth in the legislation.
This Privacy Policy is adopted for the continuance and improvement of the activities carried out by Superapp Labs in line with the principles set forth in the Law No: 6690 and related legislation.
This Privacy Policy describes the data collected, intended use of the data, storage of the data, protection of the data and how the collected data will be shared, withdraw of your consent for the processing of these data and how the data will be corrected and revised.
Capitalized terms in this Policy shall have the meanings specified in the Terms and Conditions unless defined separately in this Policy.
2. Collection of Personal Data and Method
Superapp Labs may process your personal data for the purposes specified in this Privacy Policy.
The personal data of users collected and used by Superapp Labs in particular, are as follows: your name and surname, e-mail address and phone number which we will receive once you contact Superapp Labs, your order information if you make a purchase through in-app purchase, the photo which you have uploaded to our applications (Application) and identifier for advertisers designated in your mobile device used in accessing our services (The Identifier for Advertisers-IDFA), identifier for vendors/developers designated your mobile device (The Identifier for Vendors-IDVF) and Internet Protocol Address-IP Address. We collect your username, password and e-mail address information only when you sign up to Application and become a member through Registration.
Data Categories and Data Types
Category
Data Types
Identity Information
Name and surname
Contact Information
Phone number, e-mail address
Process Security
Internet traffic data (network movements, IP address, visit data, time and date information), device name, In-app purchase history, Token ID (when you allow notifications through your device), identifier for advertisers designated in your mobile device used in accessing our services (in case a permission was given, the Identifier for Advertisers-IDFA), identifier for vendors/developers designated your mobile device (The Identifier for Vendors-IDVF)
Visual and Audio Records
The photo uploaded to Application by you
Customer Transaction
Order information
Marketing Data
IDFA, IDVF
The above mentioned data may be collected directly through electronic or physical mediums, your mobile device, third party applications or third party sources which you can access our application through these mediums such as Apple App Store, Google Play App Store (similar platforms together with "App Stores"), for the purposes of compliance with legal obligations, enhancing our services, administering your use of our services, as well as enabling you to enjoy and easily navigate our services.
We may collect your log data generated while you are using our services/applications (through our products or third party products). This log data may include information such as your device's Internet Protocol ("IP") address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our service/application, the time/date of your use of the service/application, and other statistics.
General Principles Regarding Personal Data Processing
In accordance with this Privacy Policy, personal data are processed by Superapp Labs as a data controller in line with the basic principles named here:
Being in accordance with law and good faith
Being accurate and, where necessary, up-to-date
Being processed for specific, explicit and legitimate purposes
Being limited for the purpose for which they are processed and data minimization
Being stored for the period stipulated in the relevant legislation or required for the purpose for which they are processed
3. Purposes of Processing Personal Data and Legal Reasons
Your personal data will be processed via automatic or non-automatic means for the purposes stated below, in accordance with the applicable legislation and articles 5 and 6 of the Law No: 6690 where it is expressly permitted by the laws, the establishment of a contract or direct relation to the execution or performance of the contract and for the legitimate interests of Superapp Labs provided that your fundamental rights and freedoms are protected.
3.1 Purposes of Processing Personal Data
In accordance with this text, your personal data is processed for the following purposes in accordance with the above general conditions:
Identity Information and Contact Information
Execution of activities in compliance with legislation
Execution of company/product/service commitment operations
Execution of communication activities
Execution/auditing of business activities
Conducting after-sales support services for goods/services
Execution of goods/services sales processes
Conducting storage and archive activities
Execution of agreement processes
Process Security
Execution of information security processes
Conducting audit/ethical activities
Execution/audit of business activities
Conducting activities to ensure business continuity
Providing information to authorized persons, institutions and organizations
Customer Transaction
Execution/auditing of business activities
Conducting after-sales support services for goods/services
Execution of goods/services sales processes
Conducting activities for customer satisfaction
Execution of agreement processes
Visual and Audio Records
Execution of activities in compliance with legislation
Execution of agreement processes
Conducting storage and archive activities
Execution/auditing of business activities
Conducting activities to ensure business continuity
Execution of activities for customer satisfaction
Marketing Data
Conducting marketing analysis studies
Execution of advertising/campaign/promotion processes
The photo uploaded to Application by you
Execution of activities in compliance with legislation
Execution of agreement processes
Conducting storage and archive activities
Execution/auditing of business activities
Conducting activities to ensure business continuity
Execution of activities for customer satisfaction
Besides, the purposes of processing personal data may be updated/modified in line with our obligations arising from our company policies and legislation; in particular:
Creating user accounts for the service recipients/application users
Customizing our Services, understanding our users and their preferences to enhance user experience and enjoyment using our Services and improve our users' experience
Informing about new products, services and applications and delivering you information regarding advertisements and promotions
Carrying out a digital subscription and in-app purchase processes of service recipients
Carrying out the auto-renewable subscriptions for giving users access to content, services, or premium features in our service
Carrying out the processes of information security
Conducting activities in accordance with legislation
Fulfilling the demands of competent authorities
Conducting the processes of finance and accounting transactions
Conducting communication activities
Conducting the processes of contracts
Carrying out strategic planning activities
Following up requests and complaints
3.2 Legal Reasons
Identity Information, Contact Information, Customer Transaction
It is necessary to process your personal data, provided that we establish a contractual relationship with you, or that it is directly related to our performance obligation arising from this contract
We have to process data in order to establish a right for you, to exercise and protect this right
Visual and Audio Records
It is necessary to process your personal data, provided that we establish a contractual relationship with you, or that it is directly related to our performance obligation arising from this contract
We have to process data in order to establish a right for you, to exercise and protect this right
Processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, provided that your fundamental rights and freedoms are not harmed
Process Security
The law explicitly stipulates the process by which we process your personal data
Conditions that are necessary in order to fulfill our legal obligation
It is necessary to process your personal data, provided that we establish a contractual relationship with you, or that it is directly related to our performance obligation arising from this contract
Marketing Data
Your explicit consent (acquired via Apple and/or Google)
Third Party Websites and Applications
Application
may contain links to other websites that are unknown to Superapp Labs and whose content is not controlled. These linked websites may contain terms and conditions other than Superapp Labs texts. Superapp Labs cannot be held responsible for the use or disclosure of information that these websites may process. Likewise, Superapp Labs shall not have any responsibility for any links from other sites provided to Application owned by Superapp Labs.
We collect information by fair and lawful means, with your knowledge and consent. We also let you know why we're collecting it and how it will be used. You are free to refuse our request for this information, with the understanding that we may be unable to provide you with some of your desired services without it.
Cookies
Cookies are little text files that are stored on the browser or hard drive of your computer or mobile device when you visit a webpage or application. Cookies allow a website to run more efficiently in addition to ensuring the presentation of personalized web pages in order to make you live a faster visit experience which is more fit for your specific personal needs and demands. Containing only data on your website visit history via the internet, cookies do not collect any information, including your personal data/files stored on your computer or mobile device. We may use cookies when it is necessary for operating our services, to enhance our service performance and functionality, and to deliver content, including ads relevant to your interests, on our sites, or third-party sites. You can delete cookies which are already present on your computer and prevent the recording/location of cookies on your internet explorer.
Internet browsers are predefined to automatically accept the cookies as default. As the management of cookies varies from browser to browser, you may look at the help menu of the browser or application to get detailed information.
Push Notifications
Superapp Labs may occasionally send you push notifications via its mobile applications regarding application upgrades or notifications about our services. You can always edit such communication and notifications through the settings on your device and stop receiving such communications and notifications.
Your data will be stored for the duration specified in the applicable legislation or for a reasonable time until the purpose of processing cease to exist, or during legal periods of limitation.
Superapp Labs may continue to store your personal data, even after the expiry of the purpose of its use provided that it is required by other laws or a separate granted by you in this regard.
In cases that you allow Superapp Labs to store your personal data for additional time by giving your consent, such data shall be immediately deleted, destructed or anonymized upon the expiry of such additional time or once the purpose of processing no longer exists.
Technical and Administrative Measures
Superapp Labs stores the personal data it processes in accordance with relevant legislation for periods stipulated in relevant legislation or required for the purpose of processing. Superapp Labs undertakes to take all necessary technical and administrative measures and to take the due care to ensure the confidentiality, integrity and security of personal data. In this context, it takes the necessary measures to prevent unlawful processing of personal data, unauthorized access to data, unlawful disclosure, modification or destruction of data. Accordingly, Superapp Labs takes the following technical and administrative measures regarding the personal data it processes:
Anti-virus application
On all computers and servers in Superapp Labs's information technology infrastructure, a periodically updated anti-virus application is installed.
Firewall
The data center and disaster recovery centers hosting Superapp Labs servers are protected by periodically updated software-loaded firewalls; the relevant next generation firewalls control the internet connections of all staff and provide protection against viruses and similar threats during this control.
VPN
Suppliers can access Superapp Labs servers or systems through SSL-VPN defined on Firewalls. A separate SSL-VPN identification has been made for each supplier; with the identification made, the supplier only provides access to the systems that it should use or is authorized to use.
User identifications
Superapp Labs employees' authorization to Superapp Labs systems is limited only to the extent necessary by job descriptions; in case of any change of authority or duty, systemic authorizations are also updated.
Information security threat and event management
Events that occur on Superapp Labs servers and firewalls, are transferred to the "Information Security Threat and Event Management" system. This system alerts the responsible staff when a security threat occurs and allows them to respond immediately to the threat.
Encryption
Sensitive data is stored with cryptographic methods and if required, transferred through environments encrypted with cryptographic methods and cryptographic keys are stored in secure and various environments.
Logging
All transaction records regarding sensitive data are securely logged.
Two-factor authentication
Remote access to sensitive data is allowed through at least two-factor authentication.
Penetration test
Periodically, penetration tests are performed on servers in the Superapp Labs system. The security gaps created as a result of this test are closed and a verification test is performed to show that the relevant security gaps have been closed. Besides, Information Security Threat and Event Management System automatically performs penetration tests. Test results are recorded.
Information Security Management System (ISMS)
At the ISMS meetings made within Superapp Labs, the topics contained in the control forum are audited monthly by the director of information technology and the director of financial operations.
Training
In order to increase the awareness of Superapp Labs employees against various information security violations and to minimize the impact of the human factor in information violation incidents, trainings are provided to employees at regular intervals.
Physical data security
It ensures that personal data on papers is necessarily stored in lockers and accessed only by authorized persons. Adequate security measures (for situations such as electric leakage, fire, deluge, thievery etc.) are taken based on the nature of the environment where sensitive data is stored.
Backup
Superapp Labs periodically backs up the data it stores. As a backup mechanism, it uses the backup facilities provided by the cloud infrastructure providers, as well as the backup solutions it develops when deemed necessary, provided that it is in compliance with relevant legislation and provisions of this Policy.
Non-disclosure agreement
Non-disclosure agreements are concluded with employees taking part in sensitive personal data processing.
Transfer of sensitive personal data
If transfer of sensitive personal data is required through email; such transfer is done through (i) encrypted corporate email or (ii) Registered E-mail.
In the event that the personal data is damaged as a result of attacks on Application or on the Superapp Labs system, despite Superapp Labs taking the necessary information security measures, or the personal data is obtained by unauthorized third parties, Superapp Labs notifies this situation to Users immediately and, if necessary, to relevant data protection authority and takes necessary measures.
4. Transferring Personal Data to Third Parties
The procedures and principles to be applied for transferring of personal data are regulated in articles 8 and 9 of the Law No: 6690, and the personal and special categories of data of the supplier may be transferred to third parties within the country or abroad since we may use servers and cloud systems located abroad.
Your personal data may be transferred abroad for the following reasons:
Conducting storage and archive activities
Conducting business activities
Conducting after-sales support services for goods/services
Managing customer relationship management processes
Superapp Labs may also transfer your personal data to services providers of our Company, third parties such as Facebook SDK, Adjust and Firebase Analytics which are embedded into our service for the following purposes:
Sharing identity, communication and transaction security information with authorized public institutions and organizations for the purpose of execution of activities in compliance with legislation, monitor and execution of legal affairs, informing authorized persons, institutions and organizations.
Sharing identity and contact information to manage after-sales support services, conduct business activities and manage customer relationship management processes.
5. Your Rights as the Data Subject
Pursuant to Article 11 of the Law No: 6690, you may request the following regarding your personal data by applying to Superapp Labs:
Learn whether or not your personal data have been processed
Demand for information as to if your personal data have been processed
Learn the purpose of the processing of personal data and whether data are used in accordance with their purpose
Know the third parties in the country or abroad to whom your personal data have been transferred
In case the personal data is processed incompletely or inaccurately; requesting notification of the transactions made under this scope to third parties to whom personal data have been transferred
Request deletion, destruction or anonymization of personal data if the reasons for the processing have disappeared and request notification of the transactions made under this scope to third parties to whom personal data have been transferred
Object to occurrence of any result that is to your detriment by means of the analysis of personal data exclusively through automated systems
Request compensation for the damages in case you incur damages due to unlawful processing of your personal data
Where General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) is applicable, data subjects have the following rights:
Right of access - Learning whether personal data is being processed and, if so, accessing your personal data and the information regarding the processing of your personal data
Right to correction - To request the correction of information that you believe is inaccurate or the completion of information that you believe is incomplete by Superapp Labs
Right to delete - To request deletion of personal data under the conditions stipulated in GDPR
The right to restrict processing - To request the restriction of the processing of personal data under the conditions stipulated in the GDPR
Right to object to processing - To object to the processing of personal data under the conditions stipulated in the GDPR
Right to data portability - To request the data collected by Superapp Labs to be transferred directly to another organization or under certain conditions
Objection to the occurrence of a result against the person himself/herself, by analyzing the processed data exclusively through automatic systems, including profiling
In the application that includes your explanations about the right you have as the data subject and exercise your rights stated above and that you request to exercise; your request must be explicit and understandable, if the subject of your request is related to you or if you are acting on behalf of someone else, you must be specially authorized in this regard and your authority must be documented, the application must contain identity and address information and documents proving your identity must be attached to the application. Our Company will enable you to file such requests through the "Data Subject Application Form" at
support@superapplabs.co
. In accordance with Article 13 of the Law No: 6690, our Company will finalize your requests, free of charge, within 30 (thirty) days at the latest depending on the nature of the request. In case the request is rejected, the reason or reasons for the rejection will be notified in writing or electronically along with its justification.
If you believe that we or someone with whom we have transferred your data is violating your rights, you can file a complaint to the data protection authority in your country and to other competent supervisory authorities.
This Privacy Policy may be revised by our Company when deemed necessary. If you continue to access Application and use or access Application without benefiting from the Services offered by Superapp Labs after the notification period, you shall be deemed to have allowed the changes in this Privacy Policy.
Contact Information
Company Title
: Superapp Labs Teknoloji A.Ş.
Address
: EGS BUSINESS PARK BLOK D:251, NO: 12 YESILKOY MAHALLESI ATATURK CADDESI, BAKIRKOY, Istanbul, Turkey
E-mail
:
support@superapplabs.co
Tel
: +90 212 909 17 35