SUBMIT A SPOT
LOG IN
Last update : May 02, 2024
Privacy Policy ("Privacy")
This policy informs you about the types of usage made of your data and how we protect them when you use our website
www.autoradarlive.com
. It is the site visitor's responsibility to stay informed about these changes which bind him by consulting this page before any use of this website.
The website and game are collectively referred to as the "
Services
".
By accessing or using the Services, you acknowledge having read this Privacy Policy and accept it.
1. What is personal data?
“
Personal Data
” (or “
Data
”), is all information that identifies you:
either directly, for example, your last name, first name, email address or telephone number;
or indirectly, for example your account ID, IP address, cookie identifier or game data.
2.
Can minors access our Services?
The age at which minors can create a autoradarlive.com account or have access to some of our Services depends on the personal data protection laws of each country. For more information, please see the article on the access and terms specific to minors in our Terms of Use.
3. In what cases do we collect your data and why?
We collect your Data when:
3.1 You create an account on autoradarlive.com (your "Account").
3.1.1
To identify you as a user and provide you with a personalized experience, we collect your pseudonym, email address, date of birth, and country. Some Data, like your pseudonym, is made public to allow the community to find you in our Services.
3.1.2
When creating your Account, you have the option to manage your subscription to the autoradarlive.com newsletter by email. At any time, you can unsubscribe either:
by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the end of each newsletter,
on your Account management page in the "Privacy and communication" section.
Rest assured, even if you unsubscribe, you will still receive the emails necessary for the operation of your Account.
3.2 You log in to our Services using your identifiers from a social network or an external platform (e.g., Facebook, Google).
3.2.1
We collect the Data that you have agreed to share via the social network or external platform in question.
3.3 You use our games or visit our site on a computer or mobile device
For example, we collect:
3.3.1
Your
game data
, to improve your experience and the security of our Services, for example: game levels reached, rewards, rankings, game missions completed, statistics like playtime or use of different features as well as data related to potential bugs and malfunctions.
3.3.2
Your
connection and browsing data
, used for security, analysis, and improvement of our services, for example: pages visited, identifier of your device and connection (IP address, MAC address), dates and times of connection, information on the browser and the operating system used.
4. How do we collect your data?
4.1
Our website uses cookies to facilitate your use of it and to personalize the services offered. These cookies can also allow us to improve the performance of the site through the use of statistical tools.
4.2
Your web browser is responsible for controlling and sharing your information via cookies.
4.3
Cookies used for marketing purposes can also be deposited when visiting our site.
4.4
We work with some partners like
PostHog
who may use cookies when you connect to our site.
4.5
Third-party providers, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on previous visits by internet users to your website or other pages.
4.6
Thanks to advertising cookies, Google and its partners tailor the ads broadcasted to your visitors based on their navigation on your sites and/or other websites.
4.7
Users can choose to disable personalized advertising in Ad Settings. You can disable a third-party provider's cookies related to personalized advertising by visiting the website
www.aboutads.info
.
4.8
You have the ability to control and manage cookies via your browser settings. You can choose to accept or reject cookies, or to set your browser to warn you each time a cookie is sent. Please note that refusing cookies may limit certain features of autoradarlive.com.
5. Data sharing with third parties
5.1
We may share certain information with partners and third-party service providers to help us provide, improve, and secure our services. However, we do not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to third parties for marketing purposes without your explicit consent.
5.2
We take reasonable steps to ensure the confidentiality and security of your information when shared with third parties. However, we disclaim any responsibility for the privacy practices of these third parties, as they are subject to their own policies and procedures.
6. Advertising Partners
6.1
We may work with third-party advertising partners to display advertisements on
www.autoradarlive.com
. These partners may collect non-personally identifiable data about your use of the site, such as pages visited, games played, and interactions with ads. This information is used to present you with relevant advertisements based on your interests and browsing behavior.
6.2
We encourage you to review the privacy policies of third-party advertising partners for more information about their data collection and usage practices.
8. Your rights
Unless otherwise specified, You can exercise your rights provided in this article.
For privacy and protection of your personal data, we must verify your identity before responding to your request. Therefore, any request to exercise your rights must be accompanied by a copy of a signed identity document.
Your request will be processed as soon as possible, in accordance with the legal provisions in force.
We fully respect the provisions of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) of the European Union. The GDPR aims to strengthen the protection of personal data of European Union residents and to grant them increased control over their personal information.
We collect, use, and store your information in accordance with the fundamental principles of the GDPR. You have rights granted by the GDPR, such as the right to access your data, correct it, delete it, and limit its processing. If you have questions or wish to exercise your rights under the GDPR, please contact us.
8.1
Right of access and right to portability
: You can request a copy of the Data linked to your Account at any time, for example to consult, use yourself, or transmit to another service provider. If you have been sanctioned on our Services, we will not be able to give you access to the Data linked to your sanction in order to maintain our ability to detect or act against such behaviors.
8.2
Right to rectification
: You have the right to correct your Data when it is inaccurate or incomplete (and that you cannot correct yourself in your Account Management).
8.3
Right to object and withdraw
: You can object at any time, for reasons relating to your particular situation, to the processing of your data when this processing is based on a legitimate interest. If you exercise this right, We will no longer process your data, unless We can demonstrate that there are legitimate and compelling reasons for the processing that override your interests, rights, and freedoms, or for the establishment, exercise, or defense of legal rights.
You can object at any time to the processing of your data for prospecting purposes. Your preferences for receiving commercial solicitations and newsletters by email and/or SMS can be set in your Account Management. Our emails and our SMS also contain a link to unsubscribe.
8.4
Right to erasure
: We keep your personal data as long as necessary for the accomplishment of the purposes provided herein. If you no longer wish for Us to process your data, you can ask Us to delete them and close your autoradarlive.com Account. Please note, however, that even if you exercise this right, We may keep some of your data for the following purposes:
We may keep some of your data to protect our legitimate interests, such as detecting and preventing fraud and data necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal rights;
We may keep and use your data to comply with our legal obligations;
If you have posted comments on our Sites or if you have intervened on our discussion forums, your comments and interventions will still appear but will not be attributed to you.
If you have been sanctioned on our Services, we will not be able to delete the Data linked to your sanction to allow us to maintain it.
9. Data storage
We store your personal data as long as it is needed for the purposes set forth in the present policy, in compliance with laws and legislation in force.
For example, we will keep the Data associated with your Account until the closure of the Account. In some cases, the Data may be kept for a longer period such as when it is needed for us to apply a sanction.
10. Update
This Privacy Policy was last updated on the date indicated above.
We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Policy at any time. Consequently, We advise you to refer to our "Privacy Policy" regularly.
Your continued use of the Platform after any changes or revisions to this Privacy Policy shall indicate your agreement with the terms of such revised Privacy Policy.
11. Inquiries and complaints
For any inquiry or complaint relating to our Privacy Policy, you may contact Us in French or in English by email: contact@autoradarlive.com
If, however, you believe that We have not met your expectations, you may submit a claim with a competent data protection supervisory authority.