About This Site
Welcome to Emergency WA
Emergency WA is Western Australia’s trusted source for emergency information.
Here and on the app, you can find information about alerts and warnings for emergencies across Western Australia, along with other useful information such as Fire Danger Ratings, Total Fire Bans, Prescribed Burns and Burn Offs.
Remember, we can't be everywhere at once, so it’s important to stay aware of your surroundings. If you think you might be in danger, act immediately for your own safety.
In a life threatening emergency call triple zero (000).
Get informed! Where to find emergency information
The best way to keep informed during an emergency is to seek information from a variety of sources.
You can get information by:
using this website and downloading the app from the
App Store
or
Google Play
staying in touch with neighbours, family and friends
being alert and aware of your surroundings
following DFES on
Facebook
listening to ABC local radio, and
tuning in to 6PR in the metropolitan area.
If someone you know tells you about a possible emergency, or if you can see or smell something that might be dangerous, that’s your warning. Take immediate action to stay safe. Do not wait to receive a warning or text message.
The warnings on this website are also available by calling the relevant agency, for example the DFES emergency information phone line (13 DFES or
13 33 37
) or the
Bureau of Meteorology's phone lines
.
You can also follow emergency agencies' social media accounts and
RSS Feeds
.
During an emergency, you may also receive a text or voice message from the emergency services to your telephone.
More about Emergency Alert
.
Find out more about how to stay informed during emergencies
.
Who are we?
Emergency WA is coordinated by the Department of Fire and Emergency Services on behalf of the Government of Western Australia.
Information displayed on this site has been sourced from the following agencies.
Department of Fire and Emergency Services (DFES)
Department of Biodiversity Conservation and Attractions Parks and Wildlife Service
Bureau of Meteorology (BoM)
Geoscience Australia
Other State Government emergency management agencies may also use the website to distribute emergency information.
RSS and CAP AU feeds
RSS and CAP AU feeds allow you to receive updates of
emergency information
from official sources.
DFES does not recommend that you rely solely on these RSS feeds as a source of alert and warning information. You are encouraged to seek information from a variety of other sources including visiting Emergency WA, phoning 13 DFES (
13 33 37
), listening to local ABC radio or following DFES on
Facebook
.
What is RSS?
Really Simple Syndication (RSS)
is a data format that can be configured to deliver a feed of information from a website direct to a user's computer or smartphone.
Emergency WA offers free access to its RSS feeds of alerts and warnings, Total Fire Bans and Fire Danger Ratings. The RSS feeds must be used in accordance with the Emergency WA Terms and Conditions.
How do I subscribe to the Emergency WA RSS feed?
To receive RSS feeds from Emergency WA you will need to configure your email, browser, mobile or third-party application to ingest the feed.
Review the feeds below and select the desired feed. The RSS feed will then appear, the URL of this page can then be added to configure the RSS feed within your email, browser, mobile or third-party application.
If you use an RSS reader on desktop or mobile, follow your reader's instructions for adding a new feed and paste the RSS feed URL when prompted.
If you turn on RSS Feed Synchronisation in Outlook, any feeds you subscribe to will be delivered straight to your Outlook RSS Subscription folder.
Once you have successfully subscribed to a particular RSS feed, your requested information is sent to you after it is published on Emergency WA.
DFES does not endorse or offer technical support for any third-party feed readers.
Which RSS feeds are available?
Department of Fire and Emergency Services (DFES) offers the following feeds:
Feeds are available for All DFES Regions (all of Western Australia) or your specific DFES region. Click
here
to find your DFES region.
DFES Warnings - where there is a possible threat to lives and homes.
All Regions
(all of Western Australia)
Individual Regions:
Kimberley Region
Pilbara Region
Midwest-Gascoyne Region
Goldfields-Midlands Region
Metro North East Region
Metro North Coastal Region
Metro South East Region
Metro South Coastal Region
Great Southern Region
South West Region
Lower South West Region
Indian Ocean Territory
Upper Great Southern Region
DFES Incidents
This feed includes incidents where DFES is responding to a triple zero call, as well as burn-offs. To find out more about incidents visit the
FAQs
.
All Regions
(all of Western Australia)
Individual Regions:
Kimberley Region
Pilbara Region
Midwest-Gascoyne Region
Goldfields-Midlands Region
Metro North East Region
Metro North Coastal Region
Metro South East Region
Metro South Coastal Region
Great Southern Region
South West Region
Lower South West Region
Indian Ocean Territory
Upper Great Southern Region
Fire Danger Ratings for WA (
RSS feed
)
Total Fire Bans for WA (
RSS feed
)
Other Useful RSS Feeds:
The below feeds are sources of other useful RSS feeds including:
Bureau of Meteorology
Weather warnings for Western Australia
Geoscience Australia
Earthquakes (All of Australia) Click on Notifications
What are CAP-AU feeds?
Common Alerting Protocol: Australian Profile
, or CAP-AU is a standardised data exchange format that allows emergency messages to be broadcast across a variety of communication systems in a consistent way.
Which CAP-AU feeds are available?
DFES Warnings
CAP AU feed
Visit
The Bureau of Meteorology website
for more information on CAP-AU feeds.
Accessibility
We are committed to ensuring that our online information is as widely accessible as possible and strives to meet the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG), version 2.2 to Level AA, wherever possible. However, it should be noted that different devices and browsers may present the user with a different accessibility experience.
A technical evaluation was performed in accordance with the WCAG Evaluation Methodology (WCAG-EM) which can be viewed at
http://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG-EM/
. The Emergency WA website achieved an accessibility accreditation level of Gold.
Read the full
Digital Accessibility Conformance Evaluation
on ADWebKey's website.
While the Department of Fire and Emergency Services has gone to great lengths to make all online content on the Emergency WA website AA accessible, some content, including third-party content, is not able to conform with WCAG 2.2 to Level AA at this time. This content includes the Mapbox low colour contrast of text inside of the map.
For this content, accessible alternatives have been made available.
The website is designed to be accessed by various device types including tablets and smartphones. It is also designed to be accessible to people using screen readers or other assistive Technology.
If you have any feedback about how we could improve the accessibility of this site, please email:
emergencywa@dfes.wa.gov.au
. This inbox is staffed during normal business hours. Unfortunately, due to the volume of enquiries received we may not be able to address each one personally, however, your feedback is highly important to us and will be used to develop future improvements to this site.
Terms of Use
About Emergency WA
Emergency WA
is a website and a mobile application provided by the State of Western Australia (also called the
WA Government
), administered by the Department of Fire and Emergency Services. It is designed to help people living in or visiting Western Australia to keep up to date and help protect themselves, other people and property in emergency situations.
Emergency WA provides:
emergency information
across a range of hazards including bushfire, cyclone, storm, flood and hazardous materials;
access to preparedness materials
so you can learn how to prepare yourself and your property before an emergency strikes; and
recovery information and updates
to assist those who have been directly impacted by an emergency.
By using Emergency WA, your information is made available to the WA Government (and the WA Government can use it in accordance with the Privacy Statement and applicable laws).
About these Terms of Use
What are these Terms about?
These Emergency WA Terms of Use (
Terms
) apply to individuals for the purposes of accessing and using Emergency WA, which includes the
Emergency WA
website, the mobile application (
mobile app
) and associated software.
These Terms outline the rules that apply to your use of Emergency WA. Please read them carefully as they contain information about your rights and obligations. By using or accessing Emergency WA, you are agreeing to these Terms.
Who do these Terms apply to?
These terms apply to:
you - the individual who uses Emergency WA; and
the WA Government.
Changes to these terms
These Terms may only be changed by the WA Government. If these Terms are changed, you will be notified when you next use Emergency WA.
If you continue to use Emergency WA, the changed Terms will apply from the time they were changed. They will replace any previous Emergency WA Terms.
Your Emergency WA account
Setting up an account
You may use the Emergency WA mobile app without setting up an account or logging in. However, to access your settings across multiple devices, you will need to create an Emergency WA account. The only information required to create an account is a name and mobile number or email address.
You must not share your Emergency WA account login details with anyone else. Keep your login details safe and secure so that no one else can access them. You must not permit anyone else to access or use Emergency WA using your login details.
If you:
don't take reasonable steps to keep your login details secure, and someone else signs in to your account; or
give your login details to someone else who then signs in to your account,
then you are responsible for everything that person does using your account.
Change your password immediately
if you think someone else has accessed your Emergency WA account. You can reset your password within the Emergency WA mobile application.
You can delete your account.
You may delete your account by choosing the "delete account" option in the Emergency WA mobile app. This deletes your account information and all settings stored against your account. Some information from deleted accounts will be retained. You can continue to use the Emergency WA mobile app without an account or create a new Emergency WA account.
The WA Government can delete accounts.
In some cases, the WA Government may delete accounts that have not been used after a certain amount of time - for example, if the account has been locked, or you haven't signed in for a long time. If your account has been deleted and you wish to access those features again, you will need to create a new account.
Some information from deleted accounts will be retained.
If your account is deleted (by you or by us), User Data, which includes app settings will be deleted. However, the WA Government will still need to retain contact, watch zone settings, notifications, inbox messages and Analytical Data, meaning anonymised and aggregated statistical, analytical and historical data, to support decision making and comply with legal requirements such as the
State Records Act 2000
(WA).
Using Emergency WA for the right reasons
Use Emergency WA only
for the purpose of preparing for, responding to and recovery from emergencies in WA.
You must not use Emergency WA for any other reason, or in any way other than as set out in these Terms. For example, you must:
(
no commercial use
) not resell or make Emergency WA technology available to any third party, or otherwise commercially exploit Emergency WA;
(
no decompiling
) not (nor attempt to) decipher, decompile, disassemble, reverse engineer or otherwise derive any source code or underlying algorithms on any part of Emergency WA or the technology it uses;
(
no framing
) not (nor attempt to) frame or mirror any part of Emergency WA, or delete any attributions or legal or proprietary notices on Emergency WA; and
(
no monitoring or copying
): not monitor or copy Emergency WA, or use any software (like bots, scraper tools etc) to access, monitor or copy Emergency WA or its contents, and not use Emergency WA or its contents to build or inform a competitive product or service.
The WA Government makes some Emergency WA data publicly available - including through feeds in Really Simple Syndication (RSS) and Common Alerting Protocol - Australia (CAP-AU) formats. Data is also available in specialist geospatial formats through the Data WA Shared Location Information Platform (SLIP). The above restrictions on monitoring and copying do not apply to such publicly available data when used in accordance with the
Emergency WA Copyright Policy
.
Using Emergency WA in the right way
Using the system properly.
You must:
(
security measures
) not attempt to bypass any security measures in respect of Emergency WA or any technology it uses;
(
no automation
) not access or use Emergency WA using automated means unless using the appropriate data feeds;
(
no harming the system
) not harm the system or use (or misuse) Emergency WA in any way that may impair the functionality of the underlying systems or other technology that Emergency WA uses, or impair the ability of any other user to access or use Emergency WA;
(
no harming others
) not harm others or use Emergency WA in a way that violates anyone else's rights (including intellectual property rights) or privacy, or is objectionable or misleading; and
(
no unauthorised access
) not attempt to view, access or copy any material or data that you are not allowed to access – or any material or data that you don't need to use Emergency WA in accordance with these Terms.
Follow the law and these Terms.
You are responsible for complying with these Terms, and with all laws (and with any other terms and conditions) that apply to your use of Emergency WA.
Privacy and your information
Privacy.
Personal information will be collected, used, stored and disclosed as set out in the
Emergency WA Privacy Statement
. By using or accessing Emergency WA, you agree to such collection, use, storage and disclosure.
You should ensure that you have the consent of any person whose personal information you provide using Emergency WA.
Personal information will be made available to WA Government service providers who assist with WA Government operations. Those service providers each have their own privacy practices. They include:
Google, who operate Google Analytics;
Mapbox, who operate mapping products;
Amazon, who operate Amazon Web Services; and
Microsoft, who operate Application Insights.
Your stored documents.
If you store documents in the Emergency WA mobile app, then those documents are stored on your device. Other people who have access to your device may also be able to view your documents.
Electronic notices.
The WA Government may send you electronic messages via electronic notifications, including electronic notifications on your mobile device. You acknowledge and agree that any such messages satisfy all legal requirements for written communication.
Limitations of Emergency WA
Information.
The WA Government cannot guarantee the accuracy or completeness of information on Emergency WA. For example, some information is provided by third parties, or may not have transmitted or been recorded correctly. For more information about the limitations of Emergency WA, see the
Emergency WA Disclaimer
.
No warranties.
Emergency WA is provided 'as is' and 'as available'. Except as required by law, the WA Government does not make any claims (and hereby disclaim any warranties) relating to:
quality, performance or fitness for any particular purpose of Emergency WA;
accuracy, reliability or quiet enjoyment of Emergency WA;
completeness or accuracy of any messages sent by Emergency WA;
non-infringement of third-party rights (including intellectual property rights); or
anything else to do with Emergency WA or any associated services.
Nothing that the WA Government says or writes creates any warranties in respect of Emergency WA. However, the law may have warranties for Emergency WA that cannot lawfully be excluded or changed - those warranties will apply to Emergency WA as required by law.
Errors and interruptions.
The WA Government is not responsible for:
making sure Emergency WA is error free;
ensuring that you receive relevant messages, alerts or warnings;
ensuring that you provide the correct device permissions to enable correct operation of Emergency WA;
ensuring any defects with Emergency WA will be fixed; or
ensuring that you have continuous access to Emergency WA.
Third party technologies.
Emergency WA uses mapping and other technology and services, including the mobile telephone network, that are provided by third parties. The technology may not always work as expected. As with the other aspects of Emergency WA, the WA Government is not responsible for the operation of those technologies, or for making sure they are error-free.
Emergency WA may contain links
to third party websites, and third party media channels. The WA Government is not responsible for those websites and media channels - including in respect of their content, services and privacy practices.
Emergency WA can be changed or withdrawn.
The WA Government may, at any time, and without notice or liability to you:
change Emergency WA; or
suspend or discontinue Emergency WA (in whole or in part).
The WA Government can cancel your access to Emergency WA.
The WA Government may, at any time, and without notice or liability to you:
terminate, suspend, restrict or disable your access to or use of Emergency WA; or
change who can use Emergency WA.
This could be because you do not comply with these Terms or with your legal obligations - or it could be for any other reason, including reasons relating to WA Government internal operations.
Limitations of liability
Use of Emergency WA is at your own risk.
If Emergency WA is defective, you won't be reimbursed for any costs of fixing it - or fixing any damage or loss arising from it.
The WA Government is not liable for loss.
The WA Government and its service providers are not liable for any loss arising from Emergency WA or your use of it. This includes personal injury, and any incidental, special, indirect or consequential damages whatsoever - including, without limitation:
loss (or use or misuse) of data or damage to any technology;
loss of profits or income, loss of opportunity;
interruption to your business or your travel plans; or
any other loss or cost arising out of or related to your use of (or inability to use) Emergency WA,
however caused, and whether arising under contract, tort, statute or otherwise, and even if you have advised the WA Government of the possibility of such loss or cost. For more information, see the
Emergency WA Disclaimer
, which applies to your use of Emergency WA
Your rights at law.
Some jurisdictions give you rights at law that can't be limited or excluded - and so some of the above limitations might not apply to you. In that case, they apply only to the maximum extent permitted by law.
If the WA Government is liable to you under the Australian Competition and Consumer Act 2010 (Cth) or similar legislation, then (to the extent legally possible), the WA Government limits its liability under those provisions to (as the WA Government chooses):
supplying Emergency WA or any relevant services again; or
the payment of the cost of having Emergency WA or relevant services supplied again.
Intellectual Property rights
The WA Government (or its service providers) owns all rights in Emergency WA. It is licensed (not sold) to you. The licence is for you to use Emergency WA for the sole purpose of obtaining emergency information, preparedness materials and recovery information and updates.
The WA Government reserves all rights in and to Emergency WA (including in respect of technology, trademarks and branding) that are not expressly granted to you under this licence. You agree to not challenge or dispute those reserved rights.
If you provide us any feedback about Emergency WA, the WA Government may use and disclose that feedback without any obligation to you. The WA Government owns all rights in anything created as a result of that feedback, including any changes to Emergency WA.
Apple and Google terms
You need to comply with some additional terms set out by Apple and Google.
For all Apple and Google users.
If you have downloaded or accessed Emergency WA via an Apple service or a Google service, then:
Apple or Google (as applicable) may collect, retain and use information about your use of Emergency WA;
these Terms are an agreement between you and the WA Government, and not with Apple or Google;
neither Apple nor Google is responsible for providing you with support or maintenance in respect of Emergency WA;
neither Apple nor Google is responsible for addressing any claims by you or any third party relating to Emergency WA; and
neither Apple nor Google is responsible for the investigation, defence, settlement or discharge of any third-party intellectual property infringement claims.
Additional Apple terms.
If you have downloaded or accessed Emergency WA via an Apple service (including the App Store or the iTunes Store), or an Apple iOS device:
the WA Government grants you the right to use Emergency WA only on an Apple iOS product that you own or control, and as permitted by the usage set out in the App Store Terms of Service;
if Emergency WA does not comply with any applicable warranty, you may notify Apple, and Apple will refund the purchase price, if applicable, for the Emergency WA mobile app to you, and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Apple will have no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the Emergency WA mobile app;
you represent and warrant that you are not: (i) located in a country that is subject to a US government embargo, or that has been designated by the US government as a "terrorist supporting" country; or (ii) listed on any US government list of prohibited or restricted parties; and
Apple and its subsidiaries are third party beneficiaries of these Terms and may enforce these Terms against you.
General
Laws of WA.
These Terms are governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of Western Australia, and the courts of Western Australia will have exclusive jurisdiction in respect of any dispute which may arise.
Disputes.
Before filing a claim or complaint against the WA Government, you agree to attempt to resolve the dispute by first emailing the WA Government at the contact details given below, with a description of your claim. We will attempt to resolve the dispute within 60 days of receiving your claim or complaint. If we are unable to resolve the dispute, you may commence formal action.
Interpretation.
'Including' and similar words do not imply any limit. If any part of these Terms is illegal, unenforceable or invalid, that part is deemed to be changed as required so that it is no longer illegal, unenforceable or invalid, and the remaining parts of these Terms remain in full effect. Our failure or delay in enforcing these Terms is not a waiver of our right to do so later. References to an organisation include firms, companies, partnerships, joint ventures, associations and other bodies corporate, and any of their successors or permitted assigns.
Contact us
To contact the WA Government about Emergency WA, email
emergencywa@dfes.wa.gov.au
.
Disclaimer
The WA Government is committed to providing a quality service and makes every attempt to ensure the accuracy, currency, timeliness and reliability of the information contained on the
Emergency WA website and mobile application (mobile app)
. However, emergencies unpredictable and things can change quickly, potentially impacting on the timelines and quality of published information.
No guarantee is made as to the accuracy or completeness of the information provided. You should apply your own judgement, care and discretion when using the information on the Emergency WA website and mobile app. This may include assessing the relevance of information provided to your situation or seeking additional advice to ensure the information is appropriate for your needs.
Emergencies can strike at any moment and there may not always be enough time to issue a warning before life or property is under threat. It is your responsibility to take action during an emergency. Stay aware of your surroundings and follow advice from emergency services. It is important to seek information from a variety of sources and be prepared to take action to keep yourself safe. If in doubt, take action straight away.
The WA Government and its servants and agents expressly disclaim any liability (including in negligence) for any act or omission resulting from the use of information on the Emergency WA website or mobile app and any consequences including any loss, damage, cost and expense of any such act or omission. In no event shall the WA Government or its servants or agents be liable for any incident or consequential damages resulting from the use of information on the Emergency WA website or mobile app.
Geospatial information, including Alerts, Warning and Incident Areas, Fire Weather Districts, Local Government Areas and other geospatial boundaries presented on the Emergency WA website and mobile app are intended only as a general indication of location, and should be read in conjunction with the full detail provided in the alert or warning. No guarantee is made that the
Locate Me feature
will accurately return your actual location. This is due to many factors including your device's privacy settings, GPS accuracy and the quality of your network connection.
Weather information layers on the Emergency WA website and mobile app are provided by the Bureau of Meteorology. The information may not be accurate, current or complete and is subject to change without notice. By using the weather layers you acknowledge the disclaimer available on the Bureau of Meteorology’s website.
Weather information layers on the Emergency WA website and mobile app are provided by the Bureau of Meteorology. The information may not be accurate, current or complete and is subject to change without notice. By using the weather layers you acknowledge the disclaimer available on the Bureau of Meteorology’s website.
The information on the Emergency WA website and mobile app may include views or recommendations of third parties, which do not necessarily reflect the views of the WA Government or indicate its commitment to a particular course of action.
The WA Government reserves the right to amend, delete, add to, or otherwise revise any information on the Emergency WA website and mobile app at any time, including this Disclaimer. It is your responsibility to monitor any such changes.
The WA Government does not endorse or provide technical support for third-party applications that use information from the Emergency WA website or mobile app. The WA Government reserves the right to make periodic technical alterations to the service at any time without notice.
The
Watch Zones feature
allows you to define an area of interest and receive push notifications if an alert, warning, or other event occurs within that area. No guarantee is made regarding the delivery or timeliness of notifications. When or whether you will receive notifications depends on several factors, including how the watch zones are set up, notification settings and the maintenance stable connection to the cellular data network.
Audio provided through the
Listen Live feature
is provided by the Australian Broadcasting Corporation (ABC). The information may not be accurate, current or complete and is subject to change without notice. By using the Listen Live feature, you acknowledge the
ABC Terms of Use
.
Privacy
This Privacy Statement sets out how the WA Government, acting through the Department of Fire and Emergency Services (‘we’ or ‘us’) collect, use and disclose information collected through the Emergency WA website and mobile app.
This Privacy Statement may change periodically. It is your responsibility to monitor for changes.
Collection of Personal Information
The Emergency WA website and mobile app have been designed with privacy in mind and most features can be used without an account.
The Emergency WA mobile app allows you to create an account. You will be asked to submit personal information such as a name and email address or mobile phone number. Creating an account allows you to access the Emergency WA mobile app from different devices. You can enable services through the Emergency WA mobile app such as push notifications and inbox messages.
You can delete your account from the ‘Settings’ page within the Emergency WA mobile app.
If your account is deleted (by you or us)
, User Data, which includes app settings will be deleted. However, the WA Government will still need to retain contact, watch zone settings, notifications, inbox messages and Analytical Data, meaning anonymised and aggregated statistical, analytical and historical data, to support decision making and comply with legal requirements such as the State Records Act 2000 (WA).
The personal information that may be collected and accessed from you, when you access the Emergency WA website and mobile app includes but is not limited to:
your device IP address and version
your device model, operating system, type of browser and app environment
the previous sites visited
the date, time and duration of your session
the pages and screens viewed, features used and content downloaded
We collect and use this information for the following purposes:
to provide, maintain and improve services provided through the Emergency WA website and mobile app
to send you related information
to detect crashes, undertake troubleshooting, and provide technical support
to analyse usage and performance to improve the Emergency WA website and mobile app
to protect system security and prevent misuse of Emergency WA by investigating suspicious activity and enforcing our Terms of Use
to respond to requests for information
as required, permitted or authorised by law
All personal information and watch zone data are encrypted in transit. The data rests (is stored) in Amazon Web Services (AWS) data centres in Australia.
We will not disclose personal information to any third party (including other WA Government entities outside the Department of Fire and Emergency Services) other than with your consent, for a purpose you would reasonably expect (including as set out in this Privacy Statement) or where required, authorised or permitted by law.
No attempt will be made to identify users except where required, permitted or authorised by law, or upon request from the user for the purpose of providing Emergency WA website or mobile app user support.
We will take all reasonable steps to ensure that personal information within the Emergency WA website and mobile app is protected from unauthorised access, misuse, alteration, unlawful or accidental destruction and accidental loss. While secure transmission methods are used, you should be aware that transmitting information over the internet carries inherent risks and care should be exercised when sharing personal information online.
First-party cookies.
The Emergency WA website and mobile app use first party cookies to collect information about how you use the website and mobile app. For example, time of visit, duration of visit, methods used to access the Emergency WA website or mobile app and pages viewed. The purpose of recording this information is to inform improvements to provide a better user experience.
Third-party cookies.
Third-party cookies are used on the Emergency WA website to enable targeting and reporting for impression assisted visits, website conversions, user demographics, and user interests. In the case of third-party Google cookies, users can opt out of interest-based ads by Google through
Ad Settings
. Website visitors can opt out of the Google Analytics Advertising Features by downloading a browser
Add On
.
Third-party services.
Third-party services and products are used to deliver the functionality of the Emergency WA website and mobile app. These third-party services may have their own terms and policies, and your use of the Emergency WA website and mobile app is also subject to those terms and policies.
The third-party services used include:
Google Analytics
- collects analytical data such as IP addresses and browser versions. This information is used to aid product operations and problem resolution.
Terms of use:
https://marketingplatform.google.com/about/analytics/terms/us/
Microsoft Application Insights
- collects analytical data such as IP addresses, browser versions, and interaction behavior. This information is used to guide product development, operations, and problem resolution.
Terms of use:
https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/legal/terms-of-use
Mapbox
- collects analytical data such as IP addresses and browser versions. This information is used to aid product operations and problem resolution.
Terms of use:
https://www.mapbox.com/legal/tos
Google Firebase
- collects and stores data such as app usage statistics, crash reports, and other interaction information. This data helps with app performance monitoring, product development, and issue resolution.
Terms of use:
https://firebase.google.com/terms
Google Play Store
- provides a portal for Android users to search and download mobile apps for Android devices.
Terms of use:
https://play.google.com/intl/en_au/about/play-terms/index.html
Apple App Store
- provides a portal for Apple users to search and download mobile apps for Apple devices.
Terms of use:
https://www.apple.com/au/legal/internet-services/itunes/au/terms.html
Amazon Web Services (AWS)
- manages the secure storage of your personal information, including any watch zone data. All stored data is encrypted both in transit and at rest.
Terms of use:
https://aws.amazon.com/service-terms/
AWS CloudWatch
- collects analytical data such as IP addresses and browser versions. This information is used to aid product operations and problem resolution.
Terms of use:
https://aws.amazon.com/terms/
The Emergency WA mobile app and website may contain links to websites operated by third parties. Those links are provided for further information and convenience and may not be current. Unless expressly stated otherwise, we are not responsible for those websites - including in respect of their content, services and privacy practices. The privacy policies that apply to those other websites may differ substantially from our Privacy Policy, so we encourage individuals to read them before using those websites.
Your other rights
You may have the right to access personal information that is collected about you through your use of Emergency WA. To access your personal information, or request a correction to your personal information that you consider to be incorrect, incomplete or out-of-date, email your request to
emergencywa@dfes.wa.gov.au
from the same email address used to create your Emergency WA account.
Complaints
If you have any enquiries or complaints regarding this Privacy Policy or the way your personal information is handled, please use the contact details below.
Contact us
To contact DFES email
emergencywa@dfes.wa.gov.au
Copyright
© State of Western Australia acting through the Department of Fire and Emergency Services 2024.
The Western Australian Government supports and encourages the distribution of certain material displayed on this website and mobile application.
Licensed material
Except as specified below, the State of Western Australia's material displayed on this website and mobile application (Licensed Material) is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution-NoDerivatives 4.0 International licence (
CC BY-ND 4.0
)
.
Please give attribution in this form:
"© State of Western Australia acting through the Department of Fire and Emergency Services. For current information go to www.emergency.wa.gov.au."
You must observe and retain any copyright or related notices that may accompany the Licensed Material, as part of the attribution.
Material excluded from the copyright licence
The material listed below is not licensed to you.
The State of Western Australia's coat of arms, the Emergency WA logo and any other symbols, emblems, logos or trade marks of the State of Western Australia or any department or agency of the State of Western Australia.
Material owned by third-parties.
Material that is expressly stated to be subject to terms and conditions other than
CC BY-ND 4.0.
Website and mobile application design and technology.
Feedback
If you wish to submit feedback about this site, please email:
emergencywa@dfes.wa.gov.au
Please note this inbox is monitored during normal business hours. Due to the volume of enquiries received we can't respond to each one personally. However, your feedback on this site is important to us and will help us to plan future improvements to this site.
Do not use this email address to report an emergency or to seek information about a current incident.