Skip to content
Privacy Policy
We take your privacy very seriously. Protecting the privacy and security of your
Personal Data is of the highest importance to this app. This privacy policy explains
how we treat your information and protect your privacy.
Thanks for choosing our Service. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to
understand it. If you use our Service, we consider you to consent to the terms and
conditions described in this document.
What kinds of information do we collect from you?
We do not collect any of your Personal Information, such as your images,
username, email addresses, etc.
Information we process:
1. Information may be automatically collected:
Anonymous, non-personal information such as your IP address, the type of
browser you use, your browser’s language, etc. Non-personal information can be
used, for example, in marketing, auditing, to provide or to improve our services
and also to develop new services.
2. Data Access and Removal:
Camera and Gallery Permissions
In order to fully access our features and for the app to work properly, we require your authorization to access the Camera and Gallery. This is necessary for the app to analyze your space and generate a result. Only if you confirm your authorization access your camera or gallery. We will then process the image as described above and delete them after processing. We will not store or share this data with third parties.
Third-party Disclosure
The security of your Personal Information is always important to us. Therefore,
we do not store your Personal Information on our servers; we do not share your
user information with any third parties; we do not sell or trade your Personal Data
to any third parties.
We take our users’ privacy seriously and have implemented strict measures to
protect their personal information. We do not store any user data for longer than
necessary, and all user data is automatically deleted as soon as the analysis and
synthesis process is complete.
How do we use your information?
The main reason we use your information is to deliver and improve the Service.
Read on for a more detailed explanation of the various reasons we use your
information:
– To operate and update the Service, and provide you with existing and
new functionality and features;
– To improve and customize the Service;
– To maintain, test, monitor, and improve the quality and operation of
the app;
– To take any action in case of a dispute involving you in connection
with the Service;
– To comply and satisfy any applicable law regulation, legal process, or
enforceable governmental request.
If any new purposes for processing your information arise, we will let you know
before we start to process information for that other purpose by introducing the
corresponding changes to this Privacy Policy.
How may your information be shared?
We will not rent, sell, or share your personal information with third parties.
We may disclose your personal information if it is needed for objective reasons,
due to public interest, or in other unforeseen circumstances:
– As required by law;
– When we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect
our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate
fraud, or respond to a government request.
Security of your personal information
The security of your personal information is important to us. We follow generally
accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us,
both during transmission and once we receive it.
We take reasonable and appropriate measures to protect personal information
from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and
destruction, taking into account the risks involved in the processing and the
nature of the personal information. Unfortunately, no method of transmission
over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. We do our
best to protect your personal information; nevertheless, we cannot guarantee its
absolute security.
Changes to this privacy policy
This Privacy Policy may change from time to time. Whenever we change this
Privacy Policy, we will post those changes to this Privacy Policy and other places
that we consider appropriate. Please check and pay close attention to this Privacy
Policy from time to time.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about the Service or this Privacy Policy, please feel free
to contact us within the app.