Who We Are
Our website address is: https://www.sistersandseekers.com.
What Personal Data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymised string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognise and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Klarna
In order to be able to offer you Klarna’s payment options, we will pass to Klarna certain aspects of your personal information, such as contact and order details, in order for Klarna to assess whether you qualify for their payment options and to tailor the payment options for you.
General information on Klarna you can find here. Your personal data is handled in accordance with applicable data protection law and in accordance with the information in Klarna’s privacy policy.
Mobile Terms of Service
Sisters and Seekers
Last updated: June 22, 2023
The Sisters and Seekers mobile message service (the "Service") is operated by Sisters and Seekers (“Sisters and Seekers”, “we”, or “us”). Your use of the Service constitutes your agreement to these terms and conditions (“Mobile Terms”). We may modify or cancel the Service or any of its features without notice. To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may also modify these Mobile Terms at any time and your continued use of the Service following the effective date of any such changes shall constitute your acceptance of such changes.
By consenting to Sisters and Seekers’s SMS/text messaging service, you agree to receive recurring SMS/text messages from and on behalf of Sisters and Seekers through your wireless provider to the mobile number you provided, even if your mobile number is registered on any state or federal Do Not Call list. Text messages may be sent using an automatic telephone dialing system or other technology. Service-related messages may include updates, alerts, and information (e.g., order updates, account alerts, etc.). Promotional messages may include promotions, restocks, launches, vip access, and other marketing offers (e.g., cart reminders).
You understand that you do not have to sign up for this program in order to make any purchases, and your consent is not a condition of any purchase with Sisters and Seekers. Your participation in this program is completely voluntary.
We do not charge for the Service, but you are responsible for all charges and fees associated with text messaging imposed by your wireless provider. Message frequency varies. Message and data rates may apply. Check your mobile plan and contact your wireless provider for details. You are solely responsible for all charges related to SMS/text messages, including charges from your wireless provider.
You may opt-out of the Service at any time. Text the single keyword command STOP to SISTERSKR or click the unsubscribe link (where available) in any text message to cancel. You'll receive a one-time opt-out confirmation text message. No further messages will be sent to your mobile device, unless initiated by you. If you have subscribed to other Sisters and Seekers mobile message programs and wish to cancel, except where applicable law requires otherwise, you will need to opt out separately from those programs by following the instructions provided in their respective mobile terms.
For Service support or assistance, text HELP to SISTERSKR or email
support@sistersandseekers.com
.
We may change any short code or telephone number we use to operate the Service at any time and will notify you of these changes. You acknowledge that any messages, including any STOP or HELP requests, you send to a short code or telephone number we have changed may not be received and we will not be responsible for honouring requests made in such messages.
The wireless carriers supported by the Service are not liable for delayed or undelivered messages. You agree to provide us with a valid mobile number. If you get a new mobile number, you will need to sign up for the program with your new number.
To the extent permitted by applicable law, you agree that we will not be liable for failed, delayed, or misdirected delivery of any information sent through the Service, any errors in such information, and/or any action you may or may not take in reliance on the information or Service.
We respect your right to privacy. To see how we collect and use your personal information, please see our
Privacy Notice
.
Return FAQ
What items can I return?
Items that are not eligible under our returns policy are;
Earrings, for health and hygiene reasons
Lingerie, for health and hygiene reasons
Facemasks, for health and hygiene reasons
Items with the tags and/or security ribbons removed
Items with any imperfections caused by the customer, including items with make up, tan, or other marks from wear and/or try-on
Swimwear with the hygiene strip and/or tags removed
As per Consumer Contract Regulations 2013, tights, socks, hold ups, stockings, or bodystockings can be returned only if they are unopened or faulty.
Do you offer exchanges?
We currently offer exchanges in the UK. You can also choose to exchange your item(s) on our returns portal. Simply state the item you’d like to receive in exchange for yours.
Once we’ve received your parcel back at our warehouse, we will be in touch via email to confirm this and your exchange will be dispatched to you. Please note, exchanges are subject to availability.
If you are outside of the UK, we are unable to offer exchanges. If you’d like a different size or new style, please return the items to us for a refund and place a new order for the new items.
Do you offer exchanges for International customers?
Unfortunately, we are unable to offer exchanges if you are outside the UK. If  you’d like a different size or new style, please return the items to us for a refund and place a new order for the new items.
When will i receive my refund/exchange
Once we have received and processed your return, you will receive a confirmation email from us. Please allow 14 days from the date your return is received for your refund/exchanged to be processed.
If your return does not comply with our policy and is not accepted, we will be in touch via email to confirm that your item is being sent back to you.
Why is there no returns form in my parcel?
We’ve made our UK returns easier for you and better for the environment by going paperless!  You can now easily create a return on our returns portal
here
.
Received a faulty item?
We’re sorry that you’ve received a faulty item! Please contact our Customer Care Team at
support@sistersandseekers.com
ahead of creating a return. Our team will endeavour to resolve this for you as efficiently & hassle-free as possible.
Do I need to include anything in my parcel?
For UK customers, you'll just need to include the items you're returning!
For international customers, please also include your returns form.
What if my item is a pre-order, will I get an extended returns window?
You have the same time frame to log your return if your order contains pre-order items. Your return period starts from the shipment date of your order, and you have 21 days from this date to log your return via our online returns portal and a further 7 days for your return to be received back at our warehouse.
Can I return items from multiple orders in the same parcel?
No, please create a separate return for each order.
More questions?
Contact our Customer Care Team
here
, Or get in touch via the live chat during working hours.