FaceOver Lite - Privacy Policy
Nhận đường liên kết
Facebook
X
Pinterest
Email
Ứng dụng khác
Privacy Policy
Introduction
FaceOver Lite (hereinafter referred to as "FaceOver Lite", "we" or "us") takes your privacy very seriously, and we are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. That value powers all of the decisions we make, including how we collect, use, share, store and respect your personal data. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully so that you can make appropriate decisions on an informed and freely given basis.
Children Under 16
We do not knowingly collect or store any personally identifiable information from children under 16. If parents believe that we have unintentionally collected their childrens personal information, please contact us to delay the information via appropriate means as set forth in "Contact Details" Section of this Privacy Policy.
Scope
This Privacy Policy applies to users of our services anywhere in the world, including users of our applications, official websites or other services ("the Service"), unless covered by a separate privacy policy or additional terms of this policy. It is important that you read this Privacy Policy together with any other privacy policy or fair processing policy we may provide on specific occasions, so that you are fully aware of when, why and how we collect and process your personal data. This Privacy Policy supplements other notices and privacy policies and is NOT intended to override them.
By using our websites or accepting our services, including without limitation accessing our applications, you acknowledge the terms of this Privacy Policy. If you object to anything described in this Privacy Policy, please do not use our websites or our Apps. We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time, and we will notify you about such changes by posting the amended version on our websites or application. Please check back periodically to ensure that you are aware of any changes, and your continued use of our services will be deemed your acceptance of these changes.
Unless otherwise prescribed in the Privacy Policy, the terms in the Privacy Policy shall have the same implications with the terms in the Terms of Service.
PLEASE NOTE THAT, this Privacy Policy does NOT apply to the following cases:
Any information or personal data collected by any third-party services, products, applications, websites and/or platforms, such as Instagram, regardless whether they are accessible through our applications and/or websites; or
Any information or personal data collected by other companies or institutions that provide advertising services through our applications and/or websites.
In such circumstances, you should refer directly to privacy policies for the relevant third party.
Data Controller and Data Processor
FaceOver Lite is both the data controller and data processor, who determine the purposes and methods of the data processing with respect to your personal data collected by us, and responsible for the data processing with respect to your use of our services. You can contact FaceOver Lite in the following ways:
Email address: kieutrinh08089252@gmail.com
Personal Data We Collect
Personal data, or personal information, means any information that identifies (whether directly or indirectly) a particular natural person, such as the name, email address, phone number, the identification number, location data, or an online identifier, etc. It does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data).
We may collect your personal data as follows:
Contact Details. If you contact us and provide us with your personal information, we may collect such name and email address for responding products feedback, complaints, bug reports, or any other service related questions;
Transaction Records. We provide in-app purchase to our users, and such purchase will be made through Apple Store or other third-party service providers. To provide you with the corresponding products, we may receive transaction records from third-party service providers, but you cannot be identified from those transaction records;
Technical Information. We Will NOT collect technical information about the device(s) and/or browsers (including without limitation your IP address, browsing type, mobile model, operating systems, network type and other browser settings/preference) you may use. However, we may use such pseudonymization technical information provided by Google Analytics (to know how Google Analytics collect and process with your personal data when you use any websites and/or applications have established partnership with Google, please refer to https://policies.google.com/privacy/google-partners?hl=en-US);
Data Related to The Service. We collect abstracted data related to your use of our applications. This includes your country and your internet service provider. You cannot be identified from those abstracted data;
We do not and will never collect your personal information without notifying you and obtaining your permission.
If You Fail to Provide Personal Data
If you fail to provide the personal data as requested where we need to collect such personal data by law, under the terms of a contract we have with you, to enter into a contract with you, or to provide you with the services, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you, or to provide you with, in part or in a whole, certain features or the services that you request.
How We Use Your Face Data
We does not collect or retain any identifiable face data from users.
We utilizes photos and machine learning algorithms solely to enable face swaps and effects.
Any face data in the photo is immediately encrypted and transmitted to our servers for processing the visual effect.
This encrypted face data is not associated with user accounts or identities.
Our servers decrypt the data, process the visual effect, and delete the encrypted face data instantly.
The visual effects processing hsiteens in real-time and we do not persistently store any face data or face recognition models associated with our users.
Any photos for face features you upload are recorded only during the face swap and are deleted within 6 hours.
We do not share any face data with third parties.
How We Use Your Personal Data
We will use the personal data we collect about you in accordance with the laws of applicable jurisdictions in the following ways:
To enter into and to perform our contract with you, or to perform any steps you require from us before entering into a contract with you;
To communicate with you, including but not limited to respond to your request for any help with our services or for exercising your rights with respect to your personal data;
To provide support and security for our applications or any other services you request;
To pursue our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) as we deem fit and necessary, where your interests and fundamental rights do not override those legitimate interests of ours (or ang third party’s), such as:
to understand, improve, optimize and develop our services;
to conduct research and monitor the quality of our services;
to enforce our Terms Agreement; or
to respond to complaints, hearings, arbitrations, law suits or other governmental or regulatory proceedings;
To comply with our legal obligations under relevant laws, regulations, and orders (including subpoenas), injunctions, or any other legal documents issued by the court or competent governmental or regulatory authorities.
PLEASE NOTE THAT, we DO NOT sell or share your personal data with any third parties for their direct marketing, but those third parties who provide us with SDKs may collect your personal data directly, please refer to "How We Share Your Personal Data" Section for detailed information.
How We Share Your Personal Data
We may share your information with our vendors that perform support and other services in connection with our Services as follows:
with advertising service providers and advertising partners that enable us to conduct and display advertising on our applications, websites, and third-party sites, applications, or social media platforms;
with third parties for collaborative offerings, legal and safety purposes, in connection with the sale or transfer of a business or asset, for use in aggregate or anonymous form, and for other purposes with your permission.
Additionally, the following SDK providers may collect and use your personal data:
Google AdMob. We use Google AdMob as advertising provider, and it may tack your browsing history for online behavioral advertising purposes, such as your visits to the contents and ads on third party websites, applications and platforms, and collect your Advertising ID, in order for you to receive relevant interest-based advertising when you use any websites and/or applications have established partnership with Google (to know how Google AdMob collect and process with your personal data when you use any websites and/or applications have established partnership with Google AdMob, please refer to https://support.google.com/admob/answer/6128543?hl=en&ref_topic=2745287);
Google Analytics. We use Google Analytics to understand the functionality of our APP, which may collect technical information about the device(s) and/or browsers (including without limitation your IP address, browsing type, mobile model, operating systems, network type and other browser settings/preference) you may use (to know how Google Analytics collect and process with your personal data when you use any websites and/or applications have established partnership with Google Analytics, please refer to https://policies.google.com/privacy/google-partners?hl=en-US);
Firebase. We use Firebase for statistics service as follows:
Firebase Crashlytics: which may collect and use your Crash Trace data to associate crashes with a project, send email alerts to project members and display them in the Firebase Console, and help Firebase customers debug crashes; uses Crashlytics Installation UUIDs to measure the number of users impacted by a crash and minidump data to process NDK crashes; and the minidump data is stored while the crash session is being processed and then discarded.
Firebase Remote Config: which may collect and use your Firebase installation IDs to select configuration values to return to end-user devices.
To know how Firebase collect and process with your personal data when you use any websites and/or applications have established partnership with Firebase, please refer to https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy.
Your Rights and Controls
You have rights under applicable data protection law in relation to our use of your personal data, including:
Data Access. You have the right to request access to your personal data;
Rectification. You have the right to update or amend your personal data if it is inaccurate or incomplete;
Objection. You have the right to object to certain uses of your personal data, including direct marketing, processing based on legitimate interests, and processing for purposes of scientific or historical research and statistics, on grounds relating to your particular situation;
Erasure. You have the right to request the deletion of your personal data, or restrict its use, in certain circumstances (for example you can request that we erase your personal data where it is no longer necessary for the purpose for which it was collected unless certain exceptions apply);
Portability. You have the right to request certain copies of your personal data you have provided to us, to use for your own purposes (often called the right to data portability). PLEASE NOTE THAT we may not able to provide any copy of your personal data since we usually not store any of your personal data;
Withdrawing Consent. If we are processing your personal information based on your consent you can withdraw your consent at any time by changing "Settings" on the APP or by sending a communication to us specifying which consent you are withdrawing. Please note that the withdrawal of your consent does not affect the lawfulness of any processing activities based on such consent before its withdrawal; and
Lodging Complaints. You have the right to lodge complaints about our data processing activities by filing a complaint with our Data Officer who can be reached by the "Contact Us" section above or lodge a complaint with the relevant supervisory authority or bring a legal action.
If you have any question about these rights or you would like exercise any of them, please contact us via appropriate means as set forth in "Contact Details" Section of this Privacy Policy. Before we can respond to a request to exercise one or more of the rights listed above, you may be required to verify your identity or your account details. Please note that your ability to access or control your personal data will be limited in some cases, as required or permitted by applicable law.
PLEASE NOTE THAT, if you decide not to provide the personal data we request (such as your contact detail to communicate with you) we may not be able to timely or adequately respond to your needs or proposals with respect to your rights as set forth above.
You may exercise your data protection rights by "Settings" on the APP as follows:
If you have created an account, you can delete your account information (e.g. subscription information, payment information, contact details) through "Settings".
If you want to access or control personal data collected and processed by us, which is not available by "Settings" on the APP, you can contact the "Data Officer" on "Settings" or contact us via the methods we provide in the "Contact Us" Section hereinafter.
Security of Personal Data
The security, integrity, and confidentiality of your personal data are extremely important to us. We will use various technologies and administrative measures to protect your personal data which have been collected and/or stored by us from being lost, being misused, unauthorized accessed or leaking. In addition, all processing by our staff are based on their work assignments and bound by confidentiality obligations.
PLEASE NOTE THAT, despite our best efforts to provide security protections for your personal data, due to limit of technology as well as various possible malicious means in the internet industry, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. We will regularly review our security procedures to consider appropriate new technology and methods.
Where We Store Your Personal Data
Generally, we only store your edited contents on Firebase, and remotely access to such contents via Firebase instead of storing on our server. Also, we may collect and use your personal data to the extent for responding your request, but such data will not be stored in our local device or server. To be specific, if you contact us for feedback, complaints, bug reports, or questions regarding your personal data, we may collect and use your technical information about the device(s) and/or browsers (including without limitation your IP address, browsing type, mobile model, operating systems, network type and other browser settings/preference) you may use, and we will only retain such data and your contact details (such as email address) on Google Sheet, instead of our local device and/or server.
PLEASE NOTE THAT we will take reasonable technological and organizational measures to safeguard your personal data during the entire time of the storage of your personal data.
How Long We Store Your Personal Data
Generally, we DO NOT store your personal data unless we otherwise expressed in this Privacy Policy. In the case we need to retain your personal data for the purposes stated in this Privacy Policy, such retention will be limited to the necessary period which permitted by applicable laws and regulations. For example, when you contact us for feedback, complaints, bug reports, or questions regarding your personal data, we will store such data and your personal contact details (such as email address) to the extent for responding your request, and then immediately delete the same properly, EXCEPT THAT we have other legitimate basis (such as complying with our legal obligations, resolving disputes, and enforcing our agreements) for keeping such data.
Advertising
We WILL NOT send you any promotional information by email, SMS, physical or telephone. PLEASE NOTE THAT, we use Google AdMob as advertising providers, any advertising on our applications are published and controlled by them instead of us, and therefore, if you click those advertising link to any third party, you shall read their privacy policies carefully, and you shall understand that their privacy policies are not controlled or covered by us.
California Consumer Privacy Act ("CCPA")
If you are a California resident, the supplemental terms in this section may apply to you. PLEASE NOTE that we may request proof of California residency before responding to requests made under this section.
Right to Opt-out. We do not sell your personal data or share, exchange your personal data with any third party. Therefore, we do not offer an opt-out to the sale of personal data as required by CCPA.
Right to know. You may submit a verifiable request for us to provide the following information, which we may be able to provide you for no more than twice in a 12-month period with free of charge:
The specific pieces of personal information we have about you;
The categories of personal information we collected, sold, or disclosed for a business purpose about you within the last 12 months;
The categories of sources from which the personal information was collected;
The purposes for which the information was collected or sold; and
The categories of third parties to whom the information was sold, disclosed for a business purpose, or otherwise shared.
If possible, we will provide this information to you in a readily usable format that allows transmission to another entity.
Right to Data Portability. You have the right to request certain copies of your personal data you have provided to us, to move data from one company to another (often called the right to data portability). PLEASE NOTE that we may not able to provide any copy of your personal data since we usually not store any of your personal data; and
Right to Delete. You may submit a verifiable request for us to delete the personal information we have collected about you. We may retain personal information necessary to: (i) protect our business, systems, and users from fraudulent activity; (ii) comply with law enforcement requests pursuant to lawful process; or (iii) for scientific or historical research.
You WIll NOT be discriminated (such as price discrimination) for exercising your rights under CCPA.
Please contact us via appropriate means as set forth in "Contact Details" Section of this Privacy Policy if you would like to exercise your rights under this section.
General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR")
If you are a resident in the EEA, Switzerland or the UK (the "European Region"), supplemental terms in this section may apply to you:
International data transfers
If you normally reside in the European Region, the personal data that we collect from you will be further transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside of the European Region (for instance, to our service providers and partners). These transfers are made pursuant to appropriate safeguards, such as standard data protection clauses adopted by the European Commission.
You have the following rights:
* The right to request free of charge (i) confirmation of whether we process your personal data and (ii) access to a copy of the personal data retained;
* The right to request proper rectification or removal of your personal data or restriction of the processing of your personal data;
* Where processing of your personal data is either based on your consent or necessary for the performance of a contract with you and processing is carried out by automated means, the right to receive the personal data concerning you in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format or to have your personal data transmitted directly to another company, where technically feasible (data portability);
* Where the processing of your personal data is based on your consent, the right to withdraw your consent at any time (withdrawal will not impact the lawfulness of data processing activities that have taken place before such withdrawal);
* The right not to be subject to any automatic individual decisions, including profiling, which produces legal effects on you or similarly significantly affects you unless we have your consent, this is authorised by Union or Member State law or this is necessary for the performance of a contract;
* The right to object to processing if we are processing your personal data on the basis of our legitimate interest unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds which may override your right. If you object to such processing, we ask you to state the grounds of your objection in order for us to examine the processing of your personal data and to balance our legitimate interest in processing and your objection to this processing;
* The right to object to processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes; and
* The right to lodge complaints before the competent data protection regulator.
Before we can respond to a request to exercise one or more of the rights listed above, you may be required to verify your identity or your account details.
Please send an e-mail to us if you would like to exercise any of your rights .
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, or if you wish to exercise your rights in respect of your personal data, please contact us in the following ways:
Email address: kieutrinh08089252@gmail.com
Nhận đường liên kết
Facebook
X
Pinterest
Email
Ứng dụng khác
Nhận xét
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://ngotienmobile.blogspot.com/2024/03/privacy-policy.html:
Chuyển đến nội dung chính
Privacy Policy
Nhận đường liên kết
Facebook
X
Pinterest
Email
Ứng dụng khác
Last updated
：November
26,2024
This Privacy Policy describes how Ngo Tien (“Ngo Tien”, “We”, “Us”, or “Our”) protects your privacy when you use Ngo Tien (the “Ngo Tien Service”) which includes the Web site located at
https://ngotienmobile.blogspot.com/
(the “Site”) and all Ngo Tien mobile phone applications (each, the “App”,FaceOver Lite, Face Over, Face Song, ImageArt)
PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY. BY ACCESSING OR USING THE NGO TIEN SERVICE, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS DESCRIBED HEREIN AND ALL TERMS AND CONDITIONS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE. THIS PRIVACY POLICY IS PART OF AND INCORPORATED INTO NGO TIEN’S
TERMS OF USE
(“Terms of Use”). IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH BELOW, YOU MAY NOT USE THE NGO TIEN SERVICE.
This Privacy Policy applies to information (including personal information) collected through the Ngo Tien Service.
Data Retention and Security Concerning Face Data
Data Retention:
Our app is committed to ensuring user privacy and data security, particularly regarding face data. We adhere to a strict policy of not retaining face data post-processing. Once a user’s facial photograph is used for the face-swapping feature, it is immediately discarded. This ensures that face data is only present in our system transiently during the real-time processing and is not stored thereafter, either on our servers or any other form of permanent storage.
Data Security:
We implement advanced security measures to protect the face data while it is being processed. Our systems are designed to handle this data in a secure environment, safeguarding it against unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. The data is encrypted during transmission and, as it is not stored post-processing, it is not subject to long-term security risks. We regularly update our security protocols and technology to stay ahead of potential threats, ensuring the highest level of protection for our users’ data.
If you decide not to read this entire Privacy Policy, we want you to walk away with a few key points about our privacy practices:
· The App is a photo editor that allows users to edit backgrounds .
· We use third-party cloud provider – Amazon Web Services – to process and edit photographs.
· The App only uploads to the cloud the photographs that you specifically select for editing.
· Photographs are temporarily cached on the cloud servers during the editing process and encrypted using a key stored locally on your mobile device.
· Photographs remain in the cloud for a limited period of 24-48 hours after you have last edited the photograph, so that you can return to the image and make additional changes if you so choose.
· We do not use the photographs you provide when you use the App for any reason other than to provide you with the portrait editing functionality of the App.
Personal Information We Collect
When you use the App, we may collect information about you, including:
Photographs you provide when you use the App, via your camera or camera roll (if you have granted us permission to access your camera or camera roll), the in-App internet search functionality, or your social media account (if you choose to connect your social media account). We obtain only the specific images you chose to modify using the App; we do not collect your photo albums even if you grant us your access to them. We encrypt each photograph that you upload using the App. The encryption key is stored locally on your device. This means that the only device that can view the photo is the device from which the photograph was uploaded using the App – the user’s device. Please note that while we do not require or request any metadata attached to the photographs you upload, metadata (including, for example, geotags) may be associated with your photographs by default. We take steps to delete any metadata that may be associated with a photograph you provide when you use the App.
App usage information, such as information about how you use the App and interact with us, including your preferred language, the date and time when you first installed the App and the date and time you last used the App.
Purchase history, if you choose to purchase an App subscription, such as confirmation that you are a paid subscriber to the App.
Social media information, if you choose to login to the App via a third-party platform or social media network (for example, Facebook), or otherwise connect your account on the third-party platform or network to the App. We may collect information from that platform or network, such as your social media alias, first and last name, number of “friends” on the social media platform and, if depending on your Facebook or other network settings, a list of your friends or connections (though we do not use or store this information). Our collection and processing of the information we obtain from social media platforms is governed by the requirements these social media platforms impose on us in their relevant terms and conditions.
Device data, such as your computer and mobile device operating system type and version number, manufacturer and model, device ID, push tokens, Google Advertising ID, Apple ID for Advertising, browser type, screen resolution, IP address (and the associated country in which you are located), the website you visited before visiting our Site; and other information about the device you are using to visit the App.
Online activity data, such as information about your use of and actions on the App and the Sites, including pages or screens you viewed, how long you spent on a page or screen, navigation paths between pages or screens, information about your activity on a page or screen, access times, and length of access. Our service providers and certain third parties (e.g., online advertising networks and their clients) also may collect this type of information over time and across third-party websites and mobile applications. This information may be collected on our Site using cookies, browser web storage (also known as locally stored objects, or “LSOs”), web beacons, and similar technologies. We may collect this information directly or through our use of third-party software development kits (“SDKs”). SDKs may enable third parties to collect information directly from our App.
How We Use Your Personal Information
We do not use the photographs you provide when you use the App for any reason other than to provide you with the editing functionality of the App. We may use information other than photographs for the following purposes:
To operate and improve the App:
Enable you to use the App’s features;
Establish and maintain your account, if you choose to login to the App using your social media account;
Communicate with you about the App, including by sending you announcements, updates, and security alerts, which we may send through a push notification, and responding to your requests, questions and feedback;
Provide technical support and maintenance for the App; and
Perform statistical analysis about use of the App (including through the use of
Google Analytics
).
To send you marketing and promotional communications. We may send you marketing communications as permitted by law. You will have the ability to opt-out of our marketing and promotional communications as described in the Opt out of marketing section below.
To display advertisements to you. If you use the free version of the App, we work with advertising partners to display advertisements within the App. These advertisements are delivered by our advertising partners and may be targeted based on your use of the App or your activity elsewhere online. To learn more about your choices in connection with advertisements, please see the section below titled “Targeted online advertising.”
For compliance, fraud prevention, and safety. We may use your personal information and disclose it to law enforcement, government authorities, and private parties as we believe necessary or Appropriate to: (a) protect our, your or others’ rights, privacy, safety or property (including by making and defending legal claims); (b) enforce the terms and conditions that govern the Service; and (c) protect, investigate and deter against fraudulent, harmful, unauthorized, unethical or illegal activity.
With your consent. In some cases, we may specifically ask for your consent to collect, use or share your personal information, such as when required by law.
To create anonymous, aggregated or de-identified data. We may create anonymous, aggregated or de-identified data from your personal information and other individuals whose personal information we collect. We make personal information into anonymous, aggregated or de-identified data by removing information that makes the data personally identifiable to you. We may use this anonymous, aggregated or de-identified data and share it with third parties for our lawful business purposes.
How We Share Your Personal Information
We do not disclose user photographs or videos to third parties (with the exception of uploading an encrypted image to our cloud providers Google Cloud Platform and Amazon Web Services to provide the photo editing features of the App). We may share your non-photograph and non-video information in the following circumstances:
Affiliates. We may share App usage information with our subsidiaries and affiliates, for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Service providers. We may share your personal information with services providers that perform services on our behalf or help us operate the App (such as customer support, hosting, analytics, email delivery, marketing, and database management services). These third parties may use your personal information only as directed or authorized by us and in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy, and are prohibited from using or disclosing your information for any other purpose.
Advertising partners. When we use third-party cookies and other tracking tools, our advertising partners may collect information from your device to help us analyze use of the Site and the App, display advertisements on the App and advertise the Site and App (and related content) elsewhere online.
Third-party platforms and social media networks. If you have enabled features or functionality that connect the App to a third-party platform or social media network (such as by logging into the App using your account with the third-party, providing your API key or similar access token for the App to a third-party, or otherwise linking your account with the App to a third-party’s services), we may disclose the personal information that you authorized us to share (such as when you elect to upload a photograph or video to your social media account). We do not control the third-party platforms’ use of your personal information, which is governed by that third party’s privacy policy and terms and conditions.
Professional advisors. We may disclose your personal information to professional advisors, such as lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers, where necessary in the course of the professional services that they render to us.
For compliance, fraud prevention and safety. We may share your personal information for the compliance, fraud prevention and safety purposes described above.
Business transfers. We may sell, transfer or otherwise share some or all of our business or assets, including your personal information, in connection with a business transaction (or potential business transaction) such as a corporate divestiture, merger, consolidation, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets, or in the event of bankruptcy or dissolution.
Compliance with Law
We may be required to use and share your personal information to comply with applicable laws, lawful requests, and legal process, such as to respond to subpoenas or requests from government authorities.
Your Choices
In this section, we describe the rights and choices available to all users. Users who are located within European can find additional information about their rights below.
Opt out of marketing communications and other push notifications. You may opt out of marketing-related communications and other notifications we may send you via push notification by changing the settings on your mobile device.
Device permissions. You may revoke any permissions you previously granted to us, such as permission to access your camera, camera roll, or microphone through the settings on your mobile device.
Cloud processing. You may request that we remove your information, including photographs, from the cloud before the 24-48 hour period after which Google Cloud Platform , Amazon Web Services or Digitalocean automatically deletes the information by clicking the “Request cloud data removal” button in the “Support” section of the App Settings on your mobile device.
Cookies & Browser Web Storage. Most browsers let you remove or reject cookies. To do this, follow the instructions in your browser settings. Many browsers accept cookies by default until you change your settings. Please note that if you set your browser to disable cookies, the Site may not work properly. Similarly, your browser settings may allow you to clear your browser web storage.
Targeted online advertising. Some of the business partners that collect information about users’ activities on or through the Site or App may be members of organizations or programs that provide choices to individuals regarding the use of their browsing behavior or mobile application usage for purposes of targeted advertising.
Site users may opt out of receiving targeted advertising on websites through members of the Network Advertising Initiative by clicking
here
or the Digital Advertising Alliance by clicking
here
. App users may opt out of receiving targeted advertising in mobile apps through participating members of the Digital Advertising Alliance by installing the AppChoices mobile app, available
here
, and selecting the user’s choices. Please note that we also may work with companies that offer their own opt-out mechanisms and may not participate in the opt-out mechanisms that we linked above.
In addition, your mobile device settings may provide functionality to limit our, or our partners’, ability to engage in ad tracking or targeted advertising using the Google Advertising ID or Apple ID for Advertising associated with your mobile device.
If you choose to opt-out of targeted advertisements, you will still see advertisements online but they may not be relevant to you. Even if you do choose to opt out, not all companies that serve online behavioral advertising are included in this list, so you may still receive some cookies and tailored advertisements from companies that are not listed.
Choosing not to share your personal information. Where we are required by law to collect your personal information, or where we need your personal information in order to provide the App to you, if you do not provide this information when requested (or you later ask to delete it), we may not be able to provide you with our services. We will tell you what information you must provide to use the App by designating it as required at the time of collection or through other appropriate means.
Third-party platforms or social media networks. If you choose to connect to the App via a third-party platform or social media network, such as by using Facebook login, you may have the ability to limit the information that we may obtain from the third-party at the time you login to the App using the third-party’s authentication service or otherwise connect your account. Subsequently, you may be able to control your settings through the third-party’s platform or service. For example, you may access and change your settings through the Facebook
settings page
for Apps and Websites. If you withdraw our ability to access certain information from a third-party platform or social media network, that choice will not apply to information that we have already received from that third party.
Other Sites, Mobile Applications and Services
The App may contain links to other websites, mobile applications, and other online services operated by third parties. These links are not an endorsement of, or representation that we are affiliated with, any third party. In addition, our content may be included on web pages or in mobile applications or online services that are not associated with us. We do not control third party websites, mobile applications or online services, and we are not responsible for their actions. Other websites, mobile applications and online services follow different rules regarding the collection, use and sharing of your personal information. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of the other websites, mobile applications and online services you use.
Security Practices
We use commercially reasonable security practices to help keep the information collected through the App secure and take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting you access to your account (if you have an account with us). However, Ngo Tien cannot ensure the security of any information you transmit to AT Ngo Tien Service or guarantee that information on the App may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed.
Please do your part to help us. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your login information and device identifiers, and for controlling access to communications between you and Ngo Tien Service, at all times. Your privacy settings may also be affected by changes the social media services you connect to Ngo Tien Service make to their services. We are not responsible for the functionality, privacy, or security measures of any other organization.
Retention
We configure Google Cloud Platform and Amazon Web Services to delete photographs, and the information associated with the photographs within 24-48 hours after the photograph was last edited using the App. This allows you to revisit the image for additional modifications during that time.
With respect to non-photograph information that we may collect, we will retain such information in a personally identifiable format only for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes we have set out in this Privacy Policy. You may also ask that we delete your information using the “Request cloud data removal” button as described above or by contacting us by mail (
kieutrinh08089252@gmail.com
).
Cross-Border Data Transfers
We store the information we collect in connection with the App on Amazon Web Services and Google Cloud Platform. For Amazon Web Services, we specify the US as the data storage location, for Google Cloud Platform, we specify data storage at an available location closest to you when you use the App. Your personal information may be accessed by our service providers in other locations outside of your state, province, or country. Your device ID (and general App usage information) may also be accessed by the Company’s technical support team in other locations outside of your state, province, or country. We rely on the Privacy Shield, as described below, for transfers of data from the EU and Switzerland to Ngo Tien in the United States.
Children
The App is not directed at children under the age of 13, and our
Terms of Use
do not allow children under 13 years of age to use the App. If we learn that we have collected personal information of a child under the age of 13, we will delete it. We encourage parents with concerns to contact us by mail :
kieutrinh08089252@gmail.com
California Residents
This section contains disclosures required by the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) and applies only to “personal information” that is subject to the CCPA.
California Children Under 16 and Advertising. THE NGO TIEN SERVICES THAT FEATURE ADVERTISING ARE NOT MEANT FOR CALIFORNIA-LOCATED PEOPLE UNDER 16. We do not knowingly collect information for use in connection with advertising from California children under the age of 16. If we receive a verifiable notice through kieutrinh08089252@gmail.com that a California minor under the age of 16 has signed up for an advertising-based Ngo Tien Services account and provided us with personal information, we will take measures to delete it as soon as possible. Additional details regarding California consumer rights follow below.
Personal Information We Collect and Disclose for Business Purposes.
We collect the following categories of personal information about California consumers from social networks, service providers and directly from California consumers and have disclosed this information in the past 12 months to third parties for business purposes: personal and online identifiers (i.e., username, email address, IP address, or unique online identifiers), internet or other electronic network activity information (i.e., advertisement interaction), and geolocation information, as well as other information about California consumers that is linked to these categories of personal information. We also draw inferences from this information about your predicted characteristics and preferences. Business Purposes: our business purposes for use of California consumer personal information include the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, including, without limitation, marketing; auditing related to our interactions with you; legal compliance; detecting and protecting against security incidents, fraud, and illegal activity; debugging; performing services (by us or our service providers), such as account servicing and analytics; research for technological improvement; internal operations; activities to maintain and improve our services; and other one-time uses. We disclose the categories of personal information designated above to the following categories of third parties for business purposes: service providers; government entities; operating systems and platforms; and social networks.
Personal Information We Collect and Disclose for Advertising Purposes – Applicable to Subscriptions with Advertising Only.
In the event a California consumer has a Ngo Tien Service subscription that features advertisements, we collect and disclose the following information for the purpose of delivering relevant advertising: personal and online identifiers such as IP address and device identifiers, internet or other electronic network activity information (i.e., advertisement interaction), geolocation information, as well as other information about California consumers that is linked to these categories of personal information. We also draw inferences from this information about your predicted characteristics and preferences. We disclose the categories of personal information designated above to the following categories of advertising-related third parties: advertising/marketing companies; advertising networks; and social networks.
Your Rights Regarding Personal Information. California residents have certain rights with respect to the personal information collected by businesses. If you are a California resident, you may exercise the following rights regarding your personal information, subject to certain exceptions and limitations:
· The right to know the categories and specific pieces of personal information we collect, use, disclose, and sell about you, the categories of sources from which we collected your personal information, our purposes for collecting or selling your personal information, the categories of your personal information that we have either sold or disclosed for a business purpose, and the categories of third parties with which we have shared personal information;
· The right to request that we delete the personal information we have collected from you or maintain about you.
· The right to opt out of our sale(s) of your personal information. Please note that if you opt out of certain types of sales, we will be unable to provide you with the services that rely on such sales.
· The right not to receive discriminatory treatment for the exercise of the privacy rights conferred by the CCPA
To exercise any of the above rights, please contact us using the following information and submit the required verifying information, as further described below: please email kieutrinh08089252@gmail.com
Verification Process and Required Information. Note that we may need to request additional information from you to verify your identity or understand the scope of your request, although you will not be required to create an account with us to submit a request or have it fulfilled. In the event you designate an authorized agent to make a CCPA request on your behalf, we will require verification of identity and authorization.
How to Contact Us
Please direct any questions or comments about this Policy or privacy practices to kieutrinh08089252@gmail.com
Changes to the Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you by updating the date of this Privacy Policy and posting it on the App. We may, and if required by law, will, provide notification of changes in another way that we believe is reasonably likely to reach you, such as through the App.
Any modifications to this Privacy Policy will be effective upon our posting the new terms and/or upon implementation of the new changes on the App (or as otherwise indicated at the time of posting). In all cases, your continued use of the App after the posting of any modified Privacy Policy indicates your acceptance of the terms of the modified Privacy Policy.
Nhận đường liên kết
Facebook
X
Pinterest
Email
Ứng dụng khác
Nhận xét
Bài đăng phổ biến từ blog này
Terms Of Use
Terms of Use Agreement These Terms of Use Agreement (“Agreement”) apply to your access and use of the website, or the applications and other online products (‘FaceOver Lite, Face Over, Face Song’, Image Art, app) and services (collectively, our “Services”) provided by Ngo Tien (Ngo Tien Mobile” or “we”). PLEASE BE AWARE THAT SECTION 14 OF THE AGREEMENT, BELOW, CONTAINS PROVISIONS GOVERNING HOW DISPUTES THAT YOU AND WE HAVE AGAINST EACH OTHER ARE RESOLVED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY DISPUTES THAT AROSE OR WERE ASSERTED PRIOR TO THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF THIS AGREEMENT. IN PARTICULAR, IT CONTAINS AN ARBITRATION AGREEMENT WHICH WILL, WITH LIMITED EXCEPTIONS, REQUIRE DISPUTES BETWEEN US TO BE SUBMITTED TO BINDING AND FINAL ARBITRATION. UNLESS YOU OPT OUT OF THE ARBITRATION AGREEMENT: (1) YOU WILL ONLY BE PERMITTED TO PURSUE DISPUTES OR CLAIMS AND SEEK RELIEVE AGAINST US ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS, NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION OR PROCEEDING; AND (...
Đọc thêm
FaceOver Lite - Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy Introduction FaceOver Lite (hereinafter referred to as "FaceOver Lite", "we" or "us") takes your privacy very seriously, and we are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. That value powers all of the decisions we make, including how we collect, use, share, store and respect your personal data. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully so that you can make appropriate decisions on an informed and freely given basis. Children Under 16 We do not knowingly collect or store any personally identifiable information from children under 16. If parents believe that we have unintentionally collected their childrens personal information, please contact us to delay the information via appropriate means as set forth in "Contact Details" Section of this Privacy Policy. Scope This Privacy Policy applies to users of our services anywhere in the world, including users of our applications, official websites or other services ("th...
Đọc thêm
THLTHT
Truy cập hồ sơ
Lưu trữ
tháng 11 2024
2
tháng 3 2024
2
Báo cáo vi phạm
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyse traffic. Your IP address and user agent are shared with Google, together with performance and security metrics, to ensure quality of service, generate usage statistics and to detect and address abuse.
Learn more
Got it