Websites linking to this page have chosen to adopt this generic privacy policy as their own. This means that they agree to abide by the principles laid out below.
© 2014-2019 PrivacyPolicies.com,
the web's #1 Privacy Policy Generator
.
Generic Privacy Policy
Last updated: November 2014
Information that is gathered from visitors
In common with other websites, log files are stored on the web server saving details such as the visitor's IP address, browser type, referring page and time of visit.
Cookies may be used to remember visitor preferences when interacting with the website.
Where registration is required, the visitor's email and a username will be stored on the server.
How the Information is used
The information is used to enhance the vistor's experience when using the website to display personalised content and possibly advertising.
E-mail addresses will not be sold, rented or leased to 3rd parties.
E-mail may be sent to inform you of news of our services or offers by us or our affiliates.
Visitor Options
If you have subscribed to one of our services, you may unsubscribe by following the instructions which are included in e-mail that you receive.
You may be able to block cookies via your browser settings but this may prevent you from access to certain features of the website.
Cookies
Cookies are small digital signature files that are stored by your web browser that allow your preferences to be recorded when visiting the website. Also they may be used to track your return visits to the website.
3rd party advertising companies may also use cookies for tracking purposes.
Google Ads
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads.
Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to visitors based on their visit to sites they visit on the Internet.
Website visitors may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.privacypolicies.com/:
Privacy Policies are required by law.
Get compliant today.
We generate custom-made Privacy Policies in seconds to help keep your business safe. No jargon. No nonsense. No mucking around.
Start creating your Privacy Policy
More than Privacy Policies
We generate more than a Privacy Policy: Terms & Conditions, EULA, Disclaimers, Cookie Policies and Return Policies.
Privacy Policy Generator
Our Privacy Policy Generator can help you generate a customized Privacy Policy in around three minutes, for free.
Generate
Cookies Policy Generator
Our Cookies Policy Generator can create a customized Cookies Policy to help your compliance with ePrivacy Directive and GDPR.
Generate
Terms and Conditions Generator
Our Terms & Conditions Generator can help you generate a customized Terms & Conditions agreement in around three minutes, for free.
Generate
EULA Generator
Our EULA Generator can create a customized End-User License Agreement for your mobile or desktop app.
Generate
Return & Refund Policy Generator
Our Return & Refund Policy Generator can help your ecommerce store by creating a returns or refunds policy.
Generate
Disclaimer Generator
Our Disclaimer Generator can create a disclaimer or disclosure for your website.
Generate
Cookie Consent
Integrate a free Cookies Notice and Cookie Consent banner to better comply with the EU ePrivacy Directive and the new GDPR law.
Integrate
Why a Privacy Policy is important
If you have a website, app, ecommerce store or Saas app, chances are you need a Privacy Policy. Get caught without one and you risk some hefty fines. But where do you start? If you're not a lawyer, it can feel like you're drowning in legal jargon and technical nonsense. That's where we come in.
Privacy Policies with global coverage
Almost every country in the world has some kind of privacy law to protect their citizens' personal information. That's why every Privacy Policy we generate is adapted to comply with the major privacy laws relevant to you. Just tell us where you operate and we'll customise your Privacy Policy accordingly.
CPRA, CCPA & CalOPPA
CPRA, CCPA & CalOPPA protect personal data belonging to residents of California. If you collect personal information online in the U.S, we'll make sure your Privacy Policy complies with CPRA, CCPA & CalOPPA laws.
GDPR
GDPR controls data privacy in the EU. If your business operates within an EU member state or collects personal data from EU citizens, we'll generate a Privacy Policy that includes the necessary GDPR wording.
The rest of the world
Our Privacy Policies are adapted to be a fit with major privacy laws around the world to keep your business safe.
Totally tailor-made Privacy Policies
Every business is different, that's why every Privacy Policy we generate is unique. We take into account factors like your industry, how and where you operate and what platform you use to put together a Policy tailor-made just for you.
Website Privacy Policy
Keep your website on the right side of the law with an up-to-date Privacy Policy.
Mobile App Privacy Policy
Don't let an out-of-date or incorrect Privacy Policy let your app down.
Ecommerce Privacy Policy
Reassure your customers that their information is in safe hands with a tailor-made Privacy Policy.
SaaS Privacy Policy
Get a Privacy Policy unique to your subscription based SaaS application.
CPRA+CCPA Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy that complies with the CCPA law in the United States.
GDPR Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy that complies with the latest GDPR regulation in Europe.
CalOPPA Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy that complies with the CalOPPA law in the United States.
Custom Privacy Policy
Custom-built Privacy Policies for businesses that do a little bit of everything.