Privacy Policy
Last updated: September 25, 2024
This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use, and disclosure of Your personal information when You use the Service.
By using the Service, You agree to the collection and use of personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If You do not agree to this Privacy Policy, do not use the Service. The controller of Your personal information is MOESCAPE TECHNOLOGY CORP. - British Columbia, Canada.
Definitions
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, capitalized terms have the meaning given them in Our Terms of Service. In addition, the term “personal information” means any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual, or that is protected as “personal information”, “personal data” or similar term under laws that apply to Us.
Collecting and Using Your Data personal information
Types of Data Collected
Personal Information
While using Our Application and Service, We may ask You to provide Us with certain personal information. To register to use the Application and Service, We ask that You provide Us Your phone number. We may also request Your email address to communicate with You.
User Content and Chat Communications
The Application and Service allow users to create and share User Content and use a Chatbot to communicate with others. If Your User Content or Chatbot includes Your personal information Our systems may store that personal information as part of providing the Application and Service. In addition, Your personal information may be accessed and used by other users. We cannot be responsible for the acts or omissions of other users use of Your personal information.
Usage Data
Usage Data is collected automatically when using the Service through the use of cookies and other technologies.
Usage Data may include information such as Your Device's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of Our Service that You visit, the time and date of Your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
When You access the Service by or through a mobile device, We may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device You use, Your mobile device's unique ID, the IP address of Your mobile device, Your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser You use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
We may also collect information that Your browser sends whenever You visit Our Service or when You access the Service by or through a mobile device.
Information from Third-Party Social Media Services
We allow You to create an account and log in to use the Service through the following Third-party Social Media Services:
Google
Facebook
Twitter
If You decide to register through or otherwise grant Us access to a Third-Party Social Media Service, We may collect personal information that is already associated with Your Third-Party Social Media Service's account, such as Your name, Your email address, Your activities, or Your contact list associated with that account.
You may also have the option of sharing additional information with Us through Your Third-Party Social Media Service's account.
If You choose to provide such information and personal information, during registration or otherwise, You are giving Us permission to use, share, and store it in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Information Collected while Using the Application
While using Our Application, in order to provide features of Our Application, We may collect, with Your prior permission:
Information regarding Your location
Information from Your Device's phone book (contacts list)
Pictures and other information from Your Device's camera and photo library
We use this information to provide features of Our Service, and to improve and customize Our Service. The information may be uploaded to Our servers and/or a service provider's server or it may be simply stored on Your device.
You can enable or disable access to this information at any time, through Your Device settings.
Use of Your Personal Information
We may use personal information personal information for the following purposes:
To provide and maintain Our Service, including monitoring the usage of Our Service.
To manage Your Account: to manage Your registration as a user of the Service. The personal information You provide can give You access to different functionalities of the Service that are available to You as a registered user.
For the performance of a contract: the development, compliance and undertaking of the purchase contract for the products, items or services You have purchased or of any other contract with Us through the Service, including the Terms.
To contact You: To contact You by email, telephone calls, SMS, or other equivalent forms of electronic communication, such as a mobile application's push notifications regarding updates or informative communications related to the functionalities, products, or contracted services, including the security updates, when necessary or reasonable for their implementation.
To provide You with news, special offers, and general information about other goods, services, and events that We offer that are similar to those that You have already purchased or enquired about unless You have opted not to receive such information.
To manage Your requests: To attend and manage Your requests to Us.
For business transfers: We may use Your information to evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or another sale or transfer of some or all of Our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by Us about Our Service users is among the assets transferred.
For other purposes: We may use Your information for other purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of Our promotional campaigns, and evaluating and improving Our Service, products, services, marketing, and Your experience.
Sharing and Disclosure of Your Personal Information
We may share and disclose Your personal information in the following situations:
With Service Providers: We may share Your personal information with service providers, processors, vendors and other entities that perform functions on Our behalf or assist in providing, maintaining, and improving Our Application and Service.
For business transfers: We may share or transfer Your personal information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of Our business to another company.
With Affiliates: We may share Your information with Our affiliates, in which case We will require those affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy. Affiliates include Our parent company and any other subsidiaries, joint venture partners, or other companies that We control or that are under common control with Us.
With business partners: We may share Your information with Our business partners to offer You certain products, services, or promotions.
Under certain circumstances, We may be required to disclose Your personal information if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by law enforcement public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency), or in response to legal process, such as a court order, subpoena, warrant or civil discovery. We may also disclose Your personal information to comply with a legal obligation, protect and defend Our rights or property, to exercise or defend legal claims, prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service, protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public, or protect against legal liability.
With other users: when You share personal information or otherwise interact in the public areas of the Service and Application with other users, such information may be viewed by all users and may be publicly distributed outside. If You interact with other users or register through a Third-Party Social Media Service or the Chatbot, Your contacts on the Third-Party Social Media Service may see Your name, profile, pictures, and description of Your activity. Similarly, other users will be able to view descriptions of Your activity, communicate with You, and view Your profile. We are not responsible for how other users use Your personal information.
With Your Consent: We may disclose Your personal information for any other purpose with Your consent.
Retention of Your Personal Information
The Company will retain Your personal information only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use Your personal information to the extent necessary to comply with Our legal obligations (for example, if We are required to retain Your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce Our legal agreements and policies. Please see Our Terms and Data Retention Policy for how We handle the deletion of inactive accounts.
The Company will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of Our Service, or We are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.
Transfer of Your Personal Information
Your information, including personal information, is processed at Our operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located. It means that this information may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of Your state, province, country, or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ from those of Your jurisdiction.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by Your submission of such information represents Your agreement to that transfer.
The Company will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that Your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of Your personal information will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of Your data and other personal information.
Cookies
We use cookies and other tracking mechanisms, such as web beacons, to track information about Your use of Our Service. We may combine this information with other personal information We collect from You (and Our third party service providers may do so on Our behalf).
Cookies. Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that We transfer to Your Device’s hard drive through Your web browser for record-keeping purposes. Some cookies allow Us to make it easier for You to navigate the Service, while others are used to enable a faster log-in process or to allow Us to track Your activities at Our Service. There are two types of cookies: session and persistent cookies.
Session Cookies. Session cookies exist only during an online session. They disappear from Your computer when You close Your browser or turn off Your computer. We use session cookies to allow Our systems to uniquely identify You during a session or while You are logged into the Service. This allows Us to process Your online transactions and requests and verify Your identity, after You have logged in, as You move through the Service.
Persistent Cookies. Persistent cookies remain on Your computer after You have closed Your browser or turned off Your computer. We use persistent cookies to track aggregate and statistical information about user activity.
[In addition, We, Our service providers and others sometimes use data-gathering mechanisms on the Service. including without limitation “web beacons”, “clear GIFs”, “pixels” and/or “tags” (“Tracking Technologies”). These perform statistical and administrative functions, such as measuring site and page traffic, verifying advertising paths, better understanding user interests and activity, gathering related information (such as information relating to a particular browser, device or IP address), and positioning images, and typically do so without detracting from Your online experience.]
We generally use the following types of cookies and Tracking Technologies on Our Service:
Strictly Necessary Cookies: These cookies are necessary for the Service to function and cannot be switched off in Our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by You which amount to a request for services, such as setting Your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set Your browser to block or alert You about these cookies, but some parts of the Service will not then work.
Functional Cookies: These cookies enable the Site to provide enhanced functionality and personalization. They may be set by Us or by third party providers whose services We have added to Our pages. If You do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Performance Cookies: These cookies allow Us to count visits and traffic sources so We can measure and improve the performance of Our Service. They help Us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how users move around the Service. All information these cookies collect is aggregated. If You do not allow these cookies We will not know when You have visited Our Service, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Please see the section entitled Analytics below for more information.
Targeting Cookies: These cookies may be set through Our Service by Our advertising partners. These cookies may collect information Your online activities over time and across different Internet websites or online services when You use Our Service. [We do not currently use targeting cookies for targeted advertising.]
By accessing and using Our Service, You consent to the use of cookies and Tracking Technologies and Our sharing of information collected through cookies and Tracking Technologies with third parties for data analytics and site performance.
Disabling Cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but if You prefer, You can edit Your browser options to block them in the future. The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell You how to prevent Your computer from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify You when You receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. Visitors to Our Service who disable cookies will not be able to browse certain areas of the Service or use certain features of the Service.
Security of Your Personal Information
The security of Your personal information is important to Us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While We strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect Your personal information, We cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Analytics
We may use third-party Service providers to monitor and analyze the use of Our Service.
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of Our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network. You may opt-out of certain Google Analytics features through Your mobile device settings, such as Your device advertising settings or by following the instructions provided by Google in their Privacy Policy:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Firebase is an analytics service provided by Google Inc.You may opt-out of certain Firebase features through Your mobile device settings, such as Your device advertising settings or by following the instructions provided by Google in their Privacy Policy:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
We also encourage You to review the Google's policy for safeguarding Your data:
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245
For more information on what type of information Firebase collects, please visit the How Google uses data when You use Our partners' sites or apps webpage:
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
Your Rights and Choices
If You want to make a request to access, delete or correct or exercise other rights regarding Your personal information, please email Us at
community@moescape.app
. We will respond to requests to the extent and within the time frame required by law. We will need to verify Your identity before responding to requests, which may require Us to request certain additional personal information.
GDPR Privacy
Legal Basis for Processing personal information under GDPR and UK GDPR
Certain jurisdictions require Us to have a legal basis for the processing of Your personal information. We rely on the following legal bases for GDPR and UK GDPR: Consent: You have given Your consent for processing personal information for one or more specific purposes.
Performance of a contract: Provision of personal information is necessary for the performance of an agreement with You (such as to provide the Service) and/or for any pre-contractual obligations thereof.
Legal obligations: Processing personal information is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which We are subject.
Vital interests: Processing personal information is necessary in order to protect Your vital interests or of another natural person.
Public interests: Processing personal information is related to a task that is carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in Us.
Legitimate interests: Processing personal information is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by Us.
In any case, We will gladly help to clarify the specific legal basis that applies to the processing, and in particular whether the provision of personal information is a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract.
Your Rights under the GDPR and UK GDPR
You have the right under this Privacy Policy, and by law, if You are within the EU or UK, to:
Request access to Your personal information. The right to access, update or delete the information We have on You. Whenever made possible, You can access, update or request deletion of Your personal information directly within Your account settings section. If You are unable to perform these actions yourself, please Contact Us to assist You. This also enables You to receive a copy of the personal information We hold about You.
Request correction of the personal information that We hold about You. You have the right to have any incomplete or inaccurate information We hold about You corrected.
Object to processing of Your personal information. This right exists where We are relying on legitimate interest as the legal basis for Our processing and there is something about Your particular situation, which makes You want to object to Our processing of Your personal information on this ground. You also have the right to object to where We are processing Your personal information for direct marketing purposes.
Request erasure of Your personal information. You have the right to ask Us to delete or remove personal information when there is no good reason for Us to continue processing it.
Request the transfer of Your personal information. We will provide to You, or to a third party You have chosen, Your personal information in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Please note that this right only applies to automated information which You initially provided consent for Us to use or where We used the information to perform a contract with You.
Withdraw Your consent. You have the right to withdraw Your consent from using Your personal information. If You withdraw Your consent, We may not be able to provide You with access to certain specific functionalities of the Service.
Exercising Your GDPR Data Protection Rights
You may exercise Your rights of access, rectification, cancellation, and opposition by contacting Us at the following email address: . Please note that we may ask You to verify Your identity before responding to such requests. If You make a request, We will try Our best to respond to You as soon as possible.
You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about Our collection and use of Your personal information. For more information, if You are in the European Economic Area (EEA), please contact Your local data protection authority in the EEA.
Mobile Devices
Your mobile device may give You the ability to opt-out of the use of information about the apps You use in order to serve You ads that are targeted to Your interests:
"Opt-out of Interest-Based Ads" or "Opt-out of Ads Personalization" on Android devices
"Limit Ad Tracking" on iOS devices
You can also stop the collection of location information from Your mobile device by changing the preferences on Your mobile device.
"Do Not Track" Policy as Required by California Online Privacy Protection Act (CalOPPA)
Our Service does not respond to Do Not Track signals.
However, some third-party websites do keep track of Your browsing activities. If You are visiting such websites, You can set Your preferences in Your web browser to inform websites that You do not want to be tracked. You can enable or disable DNT by visiting the preferences or settings page of Your web browser.
Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If You are a parent or guardian and You are aware that Your child has provided Us with personal information, please Contact Us. If We become aware that We have collected personal information from anyone under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, We take steps to remove that information from Our servers.
If We need to rely on consent as a legal basis for processing Your information and Your country requires consent from a parent, We may require Your parent's consent before We collect and use that information.
Your California Privacy Rights
(California's Shine the Light law)
Under California Civil Code Section 1798 (California's Shine the Light law), California residents with an established business relationship with us can request information once a year about sharing their personal information with third parties for the third parties direct marketing purposes.
If You'd like to request more information under the California Shine the Light law, and if You are a California resident, You can contact Us using the contact information provided below.
California Privacy Rights for Minor Users
Links to Other Websites
Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. If You click on a third-party link, You will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let You know via email and/or a prominent notice on Our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "Last Updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If You have any questions about these Terms and Conditions, You can contact us:
By email:
community@moescape.app