PRIVACY NOTICE
Last updated July 15, 2022
Thank you for choosing to be part of our community at Travelarrow (
“Company”
,
“TravelArrow”
,
“Travel Arrow”
,
"Travel arrow”
,
“we”
,
“us”
, or
“our”
). We are committed to protecting your personal information and your right to privacy. If you have any questions or concerns about our notice , or our practices with regards to your personal information, please contact us at travelarrowplugin@gmail.com .
When you visit our website
travelarrow.io
or
browser extension
, and use our services, you trust us with your personal information. We take your privacy very seriously. In this privacy notice , we seek to explain to you in the clearest way possible what information we collect, how we use it and what rights you have in relation to it. We hope you take some time to read through it carefully, as it is important. If there are any terms in this privacy notice that you do not agree with, please discontinue use of our Sites and our services.
This privacy notice applies to all information collected through our website such as
travelarrow.io
, and/or any related services,
browser extension
, sales, marketing or events (we refer to them collectively in this privacy notice as the "Services").
Please read this privacy notice carefully as it will help you make informed decisions about sharing your personal information with us.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?
WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH ANYONE?
HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?
HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?
DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM MINORS?
WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?
CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES
DO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS?
DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS POLICY?
HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS POLICY?
LINKS AND INFORMATION SHOWN ON THIS WEBSITE.
Information automatically collected
In Short
:
Some information — such as IP address and/or browser and device characteristics — is collected automatically when you visit our Services.
We automatically collect certain anonymized information such as your IP address, browser and device characteristics, device type, country, location, information about when you use our Services and other technical information either directly or using Google Analytics. This information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of our Services, and for our internal analytics and reporting purposes.
We collect anonymized information (hotel name, price, dates, etc) when you visit a website like Priceline, Expedia, Booking, etc. No information is traced back to specific users and is only used to speed up results next time someone visits the same product / makes the same search.
We use Google Analytics to track users counts and demographic information.
How do we use your information?
In Short
:
We process your information for purposes based on legitimate business interests, the fulfillment of our contract with you, compliance with our legal obligations, and/or your consent.
We use personal information collected via our Services for the purposes described below.
We use the information we collect or receive:
To enforce our terms, conditions and policies for Business Purposes, Legal Reasons and Contractual.
To respond to legal requests and prevent harm. If we receive a subpoena or other legal request, we may need to inspect the data we hold to determine how to respond.
To deliver services to the user. We may use your information to provide you with the requested service.
For other Business Purposes. We may use your information for other Business Purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage and purchase trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and to evaluate and improve our Services, products, marketing and your experience. We may use and store this information in aggregated and anonymized form so that it is not associated with individual end users and does not include personal information. We will not use identifiable personal information without your consent.
Will your information be shared with anyone?
In Short
:
We only share information with your consent, to comply with laws, to provide you with services, to protect your rights, or to fulfill business obligations.
We may process or share data based on the following legal basis:
Consent: We may process your data if you have given us specific consent to use your personal information in a specific purpose.
Legal Obligations: We may disclose your information where we are legally required to do so in order to comply with applicable law, governmental requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena (including in response to public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements).
Vital Interests: We may disclose your information where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding potential violations of our policies, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person and illegal activities, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.
Do we user cookies and other tracking technologies?
We use the tracking technology Google Analytics to determine user count and demographic information.
How long do we keep your infromation?
In Short
:
We keep your information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy notice unless otherwise required by law.
We will only keep your personal information for as long as it is necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy notice , unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (such as tax, accounting or other legal requirements). No purpose in this policy will require us keeping your personal information for longer than 2 years .
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize it, or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
How do we keep your information safe?
In Short: We aim to protect your personal information through a system of organizational and technical security measures.
We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational security measures designed to protect the security of any personal information we process. However, please also remember that we cannot guarantee that the internet itself is 100% secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, transmission of personal information to and from our Services is at your own risk. You should only access the services within a secure environment.
Do we collect information from minors?
In Short: We do not knowingly collect data from or market to children under 18 years of age.
We do not knowingly solicit data from or market to children under 18 years of age. By using the Services , you represent that you are at least 18 or that you are the parent or guardian of such a minor and consent to such minor dependent’s use of the Services . If we learn that personal information from users less than 18 years of age has been collected, we will deactivate the account and take reasonable measures to promptly delete such data from our records. If you become aware of any data we have collected from children under age 18, please contact us at travelarrowplugin@gmail.com.
What are yours privacy rights?
In Short: You may review, change, or terminate your account at any time.
If you are resident in the European Economic Area and you believe we are unlawfully processing your personal information, you also have the right to complain to your local data protection supervisory authority. You can find their contact details here:
http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.htm
.
Controls for DO-NOT-TRACK features
Most web browsers and some mobile operating systems and mobile applications include a Do-Not-Track (“DNT”) feature or setting you can activate to signal your privacy preference not to have data about your online browsing activities monitored and collected. No uniform technology standard for recognizing and implementing DNT signals has been finalized. As such, we do not currently respond to DNT browser signals or any other mechanism that automatically communicates your choice not to be tracked online. If a standard for online tracking is adopted that we must follow in the future, we will inform you about that practice in a revised version of this privacy notice .
Do California residents have specific privacy rights?
In Short: Yes, if you are a resident of California, you are granted specific rights regarding access to your personal information.
California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the “Shine The Light” law, permits our users who are California residents to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, information about categories of personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared personal information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing to us using the contact information provided below.
If you are under 18 years of age, reside in California, and have a registered account with the Services , you have the right to request removal of unwanted data that you publicly post on the Services . To request removal of such data, please contact us using the contact information provided below, and include the email address associated with your account and a statement that you reside in California. We will make sure the data is not publicly displayed on the Services , but please be aware that the data may not be completely or comprehensively removed from our systems.
Do we make updates to this policy?
In Short: Yes, we will update this policy as necessary to stay compliant with relevant laws.
We may update this privacy notice from time to time. The updated version will be indicated by an updated “Revised” date and the updated version will be effective as soon as it is accessible. If we make material changes to this privacy notice , we may notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to review this privacy notice frequently to be informed of how we are protecting your information.
How can you contact us about this policy?
If you have questions or comments about this policy, you may email us at travelarrowplugin@gmail.com.
Links and Information shown on this website and browser extension
All the information on our website and browser extension comes from travel and retail websites themselves. We may receive commissions for purchases made through some of the links at companies partnered with us on the site.
How can you review, update, or delete the data we collect from you?
Based on the laws of some countries, you may have the right to request access to the personal information we collect from you, change that information, or delete it in some circumstances. To request to review, update, or delete your personal information, please visit: travelarrowplugin@gmail.com . We will respond to your request within 30 days.
Partnerships and services
"We use Hotjar on travelarrow.io main website in order to better understand our users’ needs and to optimize this service and experience. Hotjar is a technology service that helps us better understand our users’ experience (e.g. how much time they spend on which pages, which links they choose to click, what users do and don’t like, etc.) and this enables us to build and maintain our service with user feedback. Hotjar uses cookies and other technologies to collect data on our users’ behavior and their devices. This includes a device's IP address (processed during your session and stored in a de-identified form), device screen size, device type (unique device identifiers), browser information, geographic location (country only), and the preferred language used to display our website. Hotjar stores this information on our behalf in a pseudonymized user profile. Hotjar is contractually forbidden to sell any of the data collected on our behalf. For further details, please see the ‘about Hotjar’ section of Hotjar’s support site.
This privacy policy was created using Termly’s Privacy Policy Generator.