Update Date: 06 September 2024
Privacy Policy
1. Introduction And Data Controller
As UNİVERLİST TEKNOLOJİ SANAYİ VE ANONİM ŞİRKETİ located at Erzene Mah.
        Ankara Cad. , Ebiltem Blok No: 172/14 Bornova, İzmir/TÜRKİYE,
        (hereinafter referred to as “Company” or “we” or “our” or “us”), we want
        our users or customers (hereinafter referred to as “you” or “your”)  to
        be confident that their personal data is safe and secure with us. For
        this reason, the aforementioned mobile application (hereinafter
        collectively referred to as the App), which is established, designed and
        operated by Company, shall collect, process and store your personal
        information as a result of visiting or using the App.
This
Privacy Policy
is adopted
        for the continuance and improvement of the activities carried out by
        Univerlist in line with the principles outlined in the PDP Law. This
        Privacy Policy explains which data we collect, how we intend to use,
        store, protect and share the data we collect, how you can withdraw your
        consent for the processing of these data, and how you can correct and
        edit the data. Capitalized terms in this Policy shall have the meanings
        specified in the Terms and Conditions unless defined separately in this
        Policy.
2.Collection Of Personal Data And Methodology
The company may process your personal data for the purposes specified in
        this Privacy Policy.
The personal data of users collected and used by Univerlist in
        particular are as follows: your name and surname, e-mail address and
        phone number which we will receive once you contact Univerlist, your
        order information if you purchase in-app purchase, the voice which you
        have uploaded to application and an identifier for advertisers
        designated in your mobile device used in accessing our services (The
        Identifier for Advertisers-IDFA), an identifier for vendors/developers
        designated your mobile device (The Identifier for Vendors-IDVF) and
        Internet Protocol Address-IP Address. We collect your username,
        password, and e-mail address information only when you sign up to the
        App and become a member through Registration.
Identity Information
Name and surname
Contact Information
Phone number, e-mail address
Process Security
Internet traffic data (network movements, IP address, visit data,
              time and date information), device name, In-app  purchase history,
              Token ID (when you allow notifications through your device),
              identifier  for advertisers designated in your mobile device used
              in accessing our services(if you give a permission, the Identifier
              for Advertisers-IDFA), identifier for vendors/developers
              designated your mobile  device (The Identifier for Vendors-IDVF)
Audio Records
The audios you have uploaded to
the App
Customer Transaction
Order Information
Marketing Data
IDFA, IDVF
We may collect your aforementioned data directly from you through
        electronic or physical mediums, your mobile device, third-party
        applications, or third-party sources which you can access our
        application via these mediums such as Apple App Store, Google Play App
        Store (similar platforms together with “App Stores”), for compliance
        with legal obligations, enhancing our services, administering your use
        of our services,  as well as enabling you to enjoy and easily guide our
        services.
We may collect your log data generated while you are using our
        services/applications (through our products or third party products).
        This log data may include information such as your device’s Internet
        Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the
        configuration of the app when utilizing our service/application, the
        time/date of your use of the service/application, and other statistics.
3.General Bases Concerning Personal Data Processing
In accordance with this Privacy Policy, personal data are processed by
        Univerlist as a data controller in line with the basic principles listed
        here:
being in accordance with law and good faith,
being proper and, where necessary, up-to-date,
being processed for specific, direct and legitimate purposes,
being limited for the objective for which they are processed and data
          minimization; and
being stored for the period prescribed in the relevant legislation or
          required for the purpose for which they are processed.
A) Purposes Of Processing Personal Data
Identity Information
Contact Information
execution of activities in compliance with legislation
execution  of  company / product / service  commitment
                  operations
execution of communication activities
execution/auditing of business activities
execution of goods/services sales processes
execution of agreement processes
conducting storage and archive activities
Process Security
execution of information security processes
delivering information to authorized individuals,
                  establishments, and organizations
execution/audit of business actions
Audio Records
conducting storage and archive activities
execution of agreement processes
execution/auditing of business activities
Customer Transaction
execution/auditing of business activities
execution of agreement processes
Marketing Data
conducting marketing analysis studies
execution  of  advertising / campaign / promotion processes
Moreover, the purposes of processing  personal data may be updated in
        line with obligation and legislation.
B) Legal Grounds Of Collection
Identity Information
Contact Information
Customer transaction
execution of performance of the contract
legitimate interest
explicit consent
legal obligation
Audio Record
legitimate interest
explicit consent
execution of performance of the contract
Process Security
execution of performance of the contract
legitimate interest
Marketing Data
explicit consent
Third Party Websites And Applications
The App
may include links to other websites that are unknown to Univerlist and
        whose content is not controlled. These linked websites may contain terms
        and conditions other than Univerlist texts. Univerlist cannot be kept
        responsible for the use or disclosure of information that these websites
        may process. Likewise,  Univerlist shall not have any responsibility for
        any links from other sites provided to the App.
Push Notifications
The App
may once in a while send you to push notifications via its mobile
        applications regarding application upgrades or notifications about our
        services.  You can always edit notification preferences through the
        settings on your device and stop receiving such notifications.
Your data will be stored for the period specified in the applicable
        legislation or for a reasonable time until the purpose of the processing
        ceases to exist, or during legal periods of limitation.
Univerlist may continue to store your personal data, even after the
        expiry of the intention of its use delivered that it is required by
        other laws or a separate grant by you in this regard.
In circumstances where you allow Univerlist to store your personal data
        for extra time by giving your permission,  such data shall be
        immediately deleted, destructed, or anonymized upon the expiry of such
        additional time or once the objective of processing no longer exists.
4.Domestic And Cross-Border Transfers Of Personal Data
Cloud server services are provided by Amazon Web Services; therefore,
        the location of the servers is in Frankfurt, Germany. In this context,
        your personal data collected while visiting, enrolling, or using our
        Platform regardless of your status as a member, visitor, or user are
        transferred to Frankfurt.
In addition, your name, Contents, IP address, and Session IDs may be
        shared with public institutions and organizations authorized to request
        personal data to fulfill our legal obligations under the applicable
        laws.
Your payment information and name will be shared with the payment
        service providers via our Platform. Your internet or other electronic
        network activity information, device information, IP address, and
        session IDs will be shared with analytics providers for our Platform.
5.Your Rights
Privacy laws provide certain rights for data subjects. In this context,
        you have a right to:
Learn whether or not your personal data have been processed;
Request information as to processing if your data have been processed;
Learn the purpose of processing personal data and whether data are
          used following their purpose;
Know the third parties in the country or abroad to whom personal data
          have been transferred;
Request rectification in case personal data is processed incompletely
          or inaccurately;
Request deletion or destruction of personal data;
Request notification of the operations to third parties to whom
          personal data have been transferred in case of any rectification or
          deletion or destruction;
Object to the occurrence of any result that is to your detriment
          utilizing analysis of personal data exclusively through automated
          systems;
Request compensation for the damages in case you incur damages due to
          the unlawful processing of personal data.
6. How does Univenn protect your images and other data?
We aim to help you understand how Univenn processes your personal data
        and what options you have for managing this data. It's also important
        that you know how Univenn safeguards your photos and videos. You can
        find all related information in our privacy policy below.
The following points summarize some important details about our app and
        security measures:
Univenn is an app that offers photo and video editing features. It
        enhances the resolution and colors of your photos and videos, and it
        also allows you to create new images using artificial intelligence.
Univenn's technologies are not used to identify or authenticate
        individuals in photos or videos.
You retain full control over the photos and videos you upload, enhance,
        or create through Univenn. Whether you use Univenn to edit your existing
        photos and videos or to create new ones, we do not claim ownership,
        sell, or trade any of these images or videos. Your photos and videos are
        used to improve our AI technologies only if you explicitly give your
        consent.
Your images and videos are safeguarded in accordance with privacy and
        data protection laws, and are protected through security measures such
        as encryption and cloud storage. For more information on how Univenn
        processes your personal data, please refer to our privacy policy.
How does Univenn protect and store your images and other data?
6.a) Editing, Enhancement, and AI Training
In certain jurisdictions, we may use personal data to enhance the photo
        and video editing and generative features in Univenn and other apps
        provided by us and our affiliates, but only with your permission. For
        example, your photos and videos might be used to train and validate our
        photo and video editing algorithms.
Data Categories: The following data may be used in this process:
Photos and videos you upload
Face data processed for AI-generated images
Enhanced photos, videos, and AI images created by Univenn
While face data can be considered biometric in some jurisdictions, our
        applications do not identify or authenticate individuals in uploaded
        images or videos, and we do not train our technologies for such
        purposes. We do not collect or use facial data from U.S.-based users to
        develop or train our photo and video editing features or algorithms.
Legal Basis: These activities are conducted only with your consent
        (Article 6.1.a GDPR and Article 9.2.a GDPR). We do not perform these
        actions without your explicit consent. You can review and update your
        consents at any time in the app's privacy settings.
Storage: When we store the photos, videos, face data, enhanced images
        and videos, and AI-generated images created by Univenn, these are
        retained for a maximum of one (1) year from the collection date. After
        this period, unless there are legal obligations requiring longer
        retention, the data will either be deleted or anonymized.
You can claim your rights by sending an email to
info@univerlist.com
along with your name, surname, ID number or passport number, your
        nationality, address, phone number and the subject of your claim.
This Privacy Policy may be revised by our Company when deemed necessary.
        If you continue to access the App and use, you shall be deemed to have
        allowed the changes in this Privacy Policy.
Univenn, Univerlist Teknoloji San. ve Tic. A.Ş, 2024