Privacy Policy
Effective: 2024/12/16
Your privacy and data security are extremely important to us. We are
          committed to the responsible management, protection, and use of your
          personal information.
This Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) serves to explain what
          information Cygnus Space (Hong Kong) Company Limited, which operates
          the application Artguru AI,
(“Artguru AI”)
and its affiliates and subsidiaries (collectively, “we”,
          “us”, or “our”) collect, and how we use and
          protect your information when you use the application (the
          “App”) that we develop.
1. What
Personal Information
Do We Collect and How Do We Use the Information?
Purpose
Categories of Collected Information
To enable you to use our App and to provide you with
                information about our products and services when you send us a
                request to seek customer support.
Contact information(such as email address), technical
                information on your device(such as device type, device model,
                functional attributes, operating system and its version), your
                IP address, and other information you provide us through our
                App, for example, when you submit a request to clear your
                data.
To comply with our legal obligations and other obligations
                arising out of the instructions received from the
                authorities.
Any information necessary to ensure the performance of these
                purposes.
To establish, exercise or defend our rights and those of our
                employees, and to carry out corporate transactions or operations
                (for example, in case of bankruptcy, merger, acquisition,
                reorganization, sale of assets or assignments, and due diligence
                related to any such transactions).
Any information necessary to ensure the performance of these
                purposes.
2. Legal Basis of Your Personal Information
We process Personal Information for the purposes set out in this
          Privacy Policy, as described above. Our legal basis to process
          personal information includes processing that is: necessary for the
          performance of the contract with you (for example, to provide you with
          the services you request); necessary to comply with legal requirements
          (for example, to comply with applicable accounting rules and to make
          mandatory disclosures to law enforcement); necessary for our
          legitimate interests (for example, to manage our relationship with
          you, to ensure the security of our services, to communicate with you
          about our products and services); and based on consent by you.
In some instances, you may be required to provide us with Personal
          Information for processing as described above, in order for us to be
          able to provide you all of our services, and for you to use all the
          features of our app.
3.
Retention of your information
We will retain your personal information for as long as is necessary
          to carry out the purposes set out herein. We will also retain your
          personal information deemed necessary to comply with legal
          obligations, settle disputes, and enforce agreements.
In principle, we do not store your personal information any longer
          than strictly necessary for the purposes for which we process your
          personal information.
Where applicable, we will delete your personal information upon your
          request. We are entitled at all times to delete your personal
          information without notice. In such a case, we owe no compensation to
          you as a result of deletion of the personal information.
If you wish to obtain further information about the retention periods
          as applied to your personal information, you may contact us at
          [support@artguru.ai].
The information collected by us about the use of our App is usually
          transferred to our servers in the USA and stored there. It’s
          worth noting that since we have offices in the People’s Republic
          of China and the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the
          People’s Republic of China (“Hong Kong”), the
          information we collect could be visited and processed in the
          abovementioned regions.
4.
Recipients of your information
Other than as consented by you, we commit that we will not share or
          sell your personal data to any third party.
We may share your personal information with the following third
          parties:
Names or the Categories of the Third Party
Privacy Policies
Purpose of Sharing
Apple ID
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/
Use your Apple account to purchase content or subscribe
Depending on where you are and which product you asked for, we may
          share your personal data with our affiliates so that we can respond to
          your request and provide our services or for general purposes. You can
          obtain the identity and contact details of our affiliates with whom we
          share your personal data by contacting us using the details set out
          below in the “CONTACT US” section.
Except for the following reasons, we will not disclose or transfer
          your personal data to any non-affiliated third parties:
(1) Legal Reasons
We will share personal data if we have a good-faith belief that
          access, use, preservation, or disclosure of the information is
          reasonably necessary to meet any applicable law, regulation, legal
          process/procedure, lawsuit or enforceable governmental request.
(2) External Processing
To provide you with a better experience through improving the App or
          otherwise where you have consented, we may share the personal data
          with third-party service providers (in particular, site hosting,
          backend service provider, analytics service providers), contractors
          and agents, and use it consistent with this Privacy Policy.
(3) Business Transfers
If we are involved in a reorganization, merger, acquisition, sales of
          assets or liquidation, we will continue to ensure the confidentiality
          of your personal data and give affected users notice personal data is
          transferred or become subject to a different Privacy Policy in
          advance.
5. Your Rights
We provide you with the rights described below when you use our App.
          Please contact us at
support@artguru.ai
if you would like to exercise your rights under applicable law. When
          we receive an individual rights request from you, please make sure you
          are ready to verify your identity. Please be advised that there are
          limitations to your individual rights. We may limit your individual
          rights in the following ways:
Where denial of access is required or authorized by law;
When
          granting access would have a negative impact on other's
          privacy;
To
          protect our rights and properties;
and
          Where the request is frivolous or burdensome.
i. Right to withdraw consent
If we rely on consent to process your personal information, you have
          the right to withdraw your consent at any time. A withdrawal of
          consent will not affect the lawfulness of our processing or the
          processing of any third parties based on consent before your
          withdrawal.
ii. Right of access and rectification
If you request a copy of your personal information that we hold, we
          will provide you with a copy without undue delay and free of charge,
          except where we are permitted by law to charge a fee. We may limit
          your access if such access would adversely affect the rights and
          freedoms of other individuals. You may also request to correct or
          update any of your personal information held by us, unless you can
          already do so directly via the App.
iii. Right to erasure (the “Right to be Forgotten”) You
          may delete any of your personal information held by us at any time
          using the ‘Clear My Data’ portal in the App.
iv. Right to restriction
You have the right to restrict our processing your personal
          information where one of the following applies:
You contest the accuracy of your personal information that we
          processed. We will restrict the processing of your personal
          information, which may result in an interruption of some or all of the
          services, during the period necessary for us to verify the accuracy of
          your personal information;
The processing is unlawful and you oppose the erasure of your
          personal information and request the restriction of its use
          instead;
We no longer need your personal information for the purposes of the
          processing, but it is required by you to establish, exercise or
          defense of legal claims; or
You have objected to processing, pending the verification whether the
          legitimate grounds of our processing override your rights.
We will only process your restricted personal information with your
          consent or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims
          or for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person
          or for reasons of important public interest. We will inform you if or
          when the restriction is lifted.
v. Right to object to processing
You may object to our processing at any time and as permitted by
          applicable law if we process your personal information on the legal
          basis of consent, contract or legitimate interests. We can continue to
          process your personal information if it is necessary for the defense
          of legal claims, or for any other exceptions permitted by applicable
          law.
vi. Right to data portability
If we process your personal information based on a contract with you
          or based on your consent, or the processing is carried out by
          automated means, you may request to receive your personal information
          in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, and to
          have us transfer your personal information directly to another
          “controller”, where technically feasible, unless exercise
          of this right adversely affects the rights and freedoms of
          others.
vii. Notification to third-parties
If we share your personal information with third parties, we will
          notify them of any requests for rectification, erasure or restriction
          of your personal information, unless this proves impossible or
          involves disproportionate effort. Upon your request, we will identify
          such third parties.
viii. Automated individual decision-making, including profiling
You have the right not to be subject to a decision based solely on
          automated processing of your personal information, including
          profiling, which produces legal or similarly significant effects on
          you, unless an exception applies under applicable law.
ix. Right to lodge a complaint
If you believe we have infringed or violated your privacy rights,
          please contact us at support@artguru.ai, so that we can work to
          resolve your concerns. You also have a right to lodge a complaint with
          a competent supervisory authority situated in a Member State of your
          habitual residence, place of work, or place of alleged
          infringement.
6. Residents of California, Virginia, Colorado, Utah, and Connecticut
          may have statutory rights under state comprehensive privacy law
          including the rights specified below.
You can exercise these rights by contacting us (for contact
          information, please, see How to Contact Us Section).
Right to request the categories of Personal Information collected
          about you. Artguru AI will provide, where relevant and required by
          law, the types of data we collect.
Right to request the categories of sources from which your Personal
          Information is collected. Artguru AI will provide, where relevant and
          required by law, the types of tools and organizations we use to
          collect data.
Right to request the business or commercial purpose for collecting
          your Personal Information. Artguru AI will provide, where relevant and
          required by law, the purposes to collect data.
Right to request the categories of third parties to whom Personal
          Information is disclosed, and the categories of Personal Information
          disclosed. Artguru AI will provide, where relevant and required by
          law, information regarding the other organizations that may receive
          your Personal Information.
Right to request the specific pieces of Personal Information
          collected about you. Artguru AI will provide, where relevant and
          required by law, your Personal Information.
Right to request that Personal Information collected about you be
          deleted. We may keep Personal Information for legal reasons but will
          accommodate deletion requests when required. Please be aware that
          erasing some Personal Information may affect your ability to Use
          Artguru AI .
Request that your inaccurate Personal Information be corrected. If
          you believe your Personal Information is not correct you may provide
          Personal Information to replace the erroneous data.
Request that Artguru AI does not sell or share your Personal
          Information. Each state may interpret a “sale” of Personal
          Information differently, however, if you are a resident of the states
          above or Nevada and request that your Personal Information not be
          sold, Artguru AI will honor that request. Individuals in California
          may request their information not be shared with any third
          party.
Please keep in mind that in case of a vague request to exercise any
          of the aforementioned rights we may engage with you in a dialogue to
          ask for more details if so needed to complete your request. In case
          this is impossible, we reserve the right to refuse granting your
          request.
Following the provisions of the applicable law, we might also ask you
          to prove your identity (for example, by requesting your user or some
          other proof of your identity) in order for you to invoke the mentioned
          rights. This is made to ensure that no right of third parties is
          violated by your request, and the mentioned rights are exercised by an
          actual Personal Information subject or an authorized person.
Please note that we will process your request within 1 month after
          receiving it. We may extend this period by two months where necessary,
          taking into account the complexity and number of the requests. If we
          extend the response period, we will let you know within one month from
          your request. We will not discriminate against you for exercising your
          rights under the law.
7. How You Exercise Your Rights
To exercise your rights described above, please submit a verifiable
          consumer request to us via email. Only you or your authorized agent
          may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal
          information. You may only make a verifiable consumer request for
          information twice within a 12-month period. A verifiable consumer
          request must: provide sufficient information that allows us to
          reasonably verify your identity and make us confirm we collected
          personal information about you; describe your request with sufficient
          details that allows us to understand and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request accurately if we cannot verify your
          identity.
8. How We Respond Your Request
We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within 45
          days of receipt. If we require more time (up to 90 days), we will
          inform you of the reason and extension period by email, telephone or
          other electronic means.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable
          consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly
          unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will
          tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost
          estimate before completing your request.
9. Non-Discrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA
          rights. Such discrimination include: denying you our services;
          charging you different prices or rates for our services; providing you
          a different level or quality of our services; suggesting that you may
          receive a different price or rate for services or a different level or
          quality of services.
10. Data collection instructions for minors
The App does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not
          knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children
          under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided
          us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our
          servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your
          child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so
          that we will be able to do necessary actions. For users aged 13~16,
          they have the right to opt in, and if you are the parent or guardian
          of users who are aged 13~16, you can also contact us.
11. Changes to the Policy
Any information that is collected is subject to the Policy in effect
          at the time such information is collected. We may, however, modify the
          Policy from time to time. If such change has been made, we will
          provide you additional forms of notice of modifications or updates as
          appropriate under the circumstances. Your continued use of our app or
          services following the change of the Policy will mean you accept those
          changes.
12. Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about the Policy, you may
          contact us at email: support@artguru.ai.