Lion Weather - Privacy & Terms
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
App Support
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://trilliwon.notion.site/Privacy-Policy-b9994d4356de404b9c57c7bb51d5a3ad?pvs=25:
Privacy Policy
I Will takes the privacy of its users seriously and will always strive to protect your privacy and preserve the trust you place in us.
I Will is owned, operated, and maintained by Trilliwon (“Trilliwon”, “us”, or “we”). This Privacy Policy is designed to tell you about our practices regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of information that Trilliwon and/or its third party service providers collect through the I Will application (“Application”). Data collected through your use of the Application is governed by this Privacy Policy. Please be sure to read this entire Privacy Policy before using the Application.
By accessing or using I Will, you consent to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. Irrespective of which country you live or use the Application in, you authorize us to transfer, store, and use your information in the United States and any other country where we operate. We may modify or update this Privacy Policy at any time effective upon its posting on I Will. Your continued use of this Application constitutes your acceptance of this Privacy Policy and any modifications or updates thereto.
Information Collection and Use
We collect and use your information to provide, understand, and improve I Will. We only collect and retain as much information as is absolutely necessary for the ongoing operation of our services. This information may include:
Your usage of I Will features;
The type of device you use, the IP address of your device, and your operating system;
Details about your I Will subscription if you are a subscriber;
I Will personality settings, and times you do not wish to be disturbed by notifications;
Your anonymized device ID if notifications are enabled in I Will; and
Your anonymized user ID if notifications are enabled in I Will.
We use the information we collect to provide services and notifications. We also use the information to create, develop, operate, deliver, and improve our products, services, content, and advertising.
Information cannot be linked to a particular user unless that user manually provides us with their anonymized, randomly-generated device or user ID.
We retain your information only as long as necessary to provide our services. Specifically, we retain the following information:
All support-related communications, including but not limited to user-initiated emails and bug reports.
Aggregated Data Collection
I Will may automatically collect anonymous information regarding your interaction with, and use of, I Will. Anonymous information that we may collect includes, but is not limited to, device identifier and hardware information, IP address, system type, and other information about your interactions with the Application. We use this information to operate and improve our Application and customer support. We do not share this anonymous personal information with third parties except to the extent necessary to accomplish I Will’s functionality. We may share anonymous, aggregate statistics with outside parties, such as how many people use a particular feature in I Will. Anonymous, aggregated data is considered non-personal information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.
Website Visitors
As is true of most internet services, we gather some information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes Internet Protocol (“IP”) addresses, browser type and language, Internet service provider (“ISP”), referring and exit websites and applications, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data.
We use this information to understand and analyze trends, to administer the site, to learn about user behavior on the site, to improve our product and services, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. Trilliwon may use this information in our marketing and advertising services.
Information Disclosure
We may preserve or disclose your information if we believe that it is reasonably necessary to comply with a law, regulation, legal process, or request from public and government authorities within or outside your country of residence, such as to comply with a subpoena or for law enforcement purposes; when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights or the safety of others; to address fraud, security, technical issues, or to protect our operations; or if Triliwon is involved in a merger, acquisition, reorganization, sale or transfer of all or a portion of its assets.
Security
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. Please be aware that, although we endeavor to provide reasonable security, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
Accessing or Deleting Your Information
You may delete your information from server at any time by deleting the I Will iOS app. Deleted information may be kept in our servers for up to 90 days.
Information for European Union Customers
By using I Will and providing your information, you authorize us to collect, use, and store your information outside of the European Union.
International Transfers of Information
Your information may be transferred to, stored, and processed in the United States where our servers are located and our central database is operated. The data protection and other laws of the United States and other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country. Please be assured that we seek to take reasonable steps to ensure that your privacy is protected. By using the Application, you understand that your information may be transferred to our facilities and those third parties with whom we share it as described in this Privacy Policy.
Disclaimer
While we work hard to protect your data, no transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be absolutely secure, and we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us. Transmitting personal information is done at your own risk.
Privacy Policy Updates
At times it may be necessary for us to make changes to this Privacy Policy such as due to changes in the services we offer, Apple's policies and procedures, and/or the applicable laws of the United States. We reserve the right to update or modify this Privacy Policy at any time without prior notice. Please review this Privacy Policy periodically, especially before you provide any Information to I Will.
Contact Us
If you have questions about the policies described in this statement, please email us directly at:
trilliwon.work@gmail.com
Last Updated: 10/9/2024
Notion uses cookies. See
Cookie Notice
for details.
Accept all
Reject all