Privacy Policy
La
st updated:
February
29
, 2024
Effective Date: February
29
, 2024
Notice:
EA values your personal information and the personal information you provide with us. We will process the personal
                    information in strict accordance with the requirements of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the
                    Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free
                    movement of such data (General Data Protection Regulation) and the other applicable laws as well as the provisions of this
                    Agreement (collectively, “Applicable Laws”).
This Policy applies to all products and/or services provided by Shanghai EA Medical Instruments Co., Ltd. (registered
                    address: Room 601-603, No. 500 Zhengli Road, Yangpu District, Shanghai) and its affiliates (hereinafter referred to as "EA"
                    or "We"). And your visit to this web site or usage of products and/or services provided by the site is also subject to this
                    Policy.
Therefore, before you visit or use this web site or the products and/or services provided by EA, please read carefully to
                    fully understand this Policy, especially the terms in bold. If you click the "Confirm" button or check "Agree", it means you
                    have fully understood and agreed to this Policy. Any questions, comments or suggestions about the provisions or content of
                    this Policy, please contact us through the contact information provided at the bottom of this Policy. We are glad to provide
                    you any assistance.
Part I
Definitions
Personal information: means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person ('information
                        subject'); an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by
                        reference to an identifier such as a name, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the
                        physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person.
Data processing: means any operations performed on personal information (whether by automated means). Common data
                        processing includes (but is not limited to) collection, recording, organization, structuring, storage, adaptation or
                        alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available,
                        alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction of personal information.
3.
Affiliate: means any other entities directly or indirectly controlled by Angelalign Technology Inc., which include but are
                    not limited to: Wuxi EA Medical Instruments Technologies Limited and its branches, Wuxi EA Bio-Tech Co., Ltd., Beijing EA
                    Bio-Tech Co., Ltd., Shanghai EA Medical Instruments Co., Ltd. and its branches, Angelalign Technology Pte. Ltd. and its
                    subsidiaries.
Part II
Privacy Policy
This Policy explains to you how EA, may collect, retain, process, share and transfer your personal information when you
                    visit our sites or use our system, and does not apply to online websites or services that we do not own or control.
How we collect and use your personal information
How we share and publicly disclose your personal information
How we store and protect your personal information
How you should manage your personal information
How we protect the personal information of children
How your personal information is transferred globally
How we modify and update this Policy
How to contact us
How we collect and use your personal information
We may acquire your personal information or the personal information of others that you provide from a variety of channels.
                    You can provide us the information while browsing our web site, through our social media pages and mini programs, or while
                    participating in our activities. When you visit our web site, browse our social media pages, or use mini programs, we will
                    collect information about your device or your usage by automated means like Cookies, web server logs and Web Beacon. We may
                    also collect your personal information indirectly from other channels.
Personal information collection
(1)
Personal information of you and others that you actively provide to us
-
Registering the system account or related services
To register an account on the EA system (including but not limited to iOrtho system, Partner Portal, etc.) as a
                    doctor,
doctor’s assistant/consultant, medical student or manager(s) of company/group accounts, you need to provide us with your
                    personal information, including but not limited to:
your name, gender, avatar, phone number, WeChat ID, email, physician practice certificate, instructor’s name and
other relevant qualification certificates, name, address, phone number, email, and bank account number of the clinic or
                    hospital that you belong to, and the other information reasonably required by EA.
-
Obtaining products and/or services
To obtain products and/or services provided by EA, you will provide us with
(un)processed personal information of patients, including but not limited to: patient's name, gender, date of birth, photo,
                    and case information. Case information includes doctor's diagnosis and treatment, photos of patient's teeth, face, and X-ray
                    photos, scan data, STL, CBCT and the other case information reasonably required by EA.
-
Payment for the products and/or services and financial order management
For the purpose of products and/or services payment, financial order management and internal audit, we will collect
the payment information of you and/or the clinic, hospital or company that you belong to, including name of drawee, bank
                    account and the other related information reasonably required by EA
.
-
Products
packaging and logistics delivery
We will collect and use
contact information (including name, delivery address and phone number) of the doctor, doctor’s assistant/consultant or
                    medical student and/or the clinic or hospital, and relevant patient’s name and case number
for the purpose of our products packaging and logistics delivery
.
-
Start Smile Simulation
To complete the smile assessment, you need to provide the following information:
your identity (adults or parents looking for solutions for their children), facial photographs of you or others, your name,
                    email address, mobile phone number,
city
, invisible correction requirements and the other information reasonably required by EA
.
-
Exclusive reservation for Chinese national athletes
As a sponsor of Training Bureau
of
General Administration of Sport of China, EA has opened an exclusive reservation channel for Chinese national athletes. If
                    you’re a Chinese national athlete, we may collect the following information you provided:
personal name, date of birth, city, phone number, email address, sport event and
the other information reasonably required by EA
, from the exclusive reservation page on EA web site to help you make appointment with clinic.
-      Applying for job
To join our
Angel
family, we may collect the following information you provided:
personal name, date of birth, city, phone number, email address, education background and
the other information reasonably required by EA
, to make the interview.
-
Opt-in page on the web site
W
e may collect the following information you provided:
user name/personal name, phone number, date of birth, city, email address and
the other information reasonably required by EA
, from
the opt-in page on EA web site to help you make appointment with clinic, send you our activity information regarding EA
                    products and services and customized service by our customer focused team.
-
Product/Service consulting, suggesting, and feedback
You can consult, evaluate, suggest, and feed back on our products and/or services, and we will collect such
                    information.
-      Obtaining
products and/or services promotion
To send you our products and/or services promotion and other information (such as special offers, products and/or services
                    launch) regarding Angel Aligner and other affiliated products and services, we may collect and use
your name, phone number, email, social media account (e.g. WeChat ID), city and the other related information reasonably
                    required by EA
.
-
Participating in activities
We may invite you to fill out survey questionnaire, for which you may need to provide information including:
your name,
em
ail address, mobile phone number, occupation, rank and other information
. At the same time, you can reserve various online and offline activities (including our training, conference, course) held
                    by us. For this purpose, we will collect
your name, email address, mobile phone number, city, remarks, courseware, appointment date, and participation time
.
(2)
Personal information collected by EA during your use of our products and/or services
To ensure the safe operation of the web site, and to provide you with convenient, reliable and trustworthy products,
                    services and use environment, we may collect your operation, logging, network and device information (including but not
                    limited to device model, device identification code, operating web site, IP address, operator, etc.) and other personal
                    information based on the permission setting of your mobile device web site (including but not limited to service
                    recommendation based on location permission, photo upload based on camera permission, etc.). If you enable these
                    permissions, you authorize us to collect and use the personal information to implement the above-mentioned functions. If you
                    disable these permissions, you cancel the authorization and we will no longer collecting and using the personal data. This
                    way, we will not be able to provide you with the above-mentioned functions corresponding to the authorization.  Your
                    disabling of the permissions will not affect the processing of personal information based on authorization as described
                    previously.
Meanwhile, in order to prevent malicious programs and the necessary for safe operation, we will collect the installed
                    application information or running process information, the overall operation of the application, the overall installation
                    and use of the application, frequency, application crashes, application sources, performance data, etc.
(3)
Personal information collected offline
When you use the products and/or services we provide offline, or interact and communicate with us, we may collect and use
                    information related to you or your patients using our products and services, including but not limited to:
name, age, occupation, date of birth, work experience, and education background.
(4)
Personal information collected by EA indirectly through a third party
In order to provide you with better, higher-quality and more personalized services, or provide services for you, or in
                    order to prevent Internet fraud, our affiliates and partners will share your personal information legally sourced with us in
                    accordance with the provisions of the Applicable Laws or agreement with you, or with your prior consent. You agree that we
                    are authorized to obtain the personal information you provide and process the information within the scope of your
                    authorization.
If you’re a doctor, we understand that you provide us with the aforementioned personal information of patients in the
                    purpose of providing EA products and/or services to them. You are authorized and qualified to use the information as well as
                    provide it to us and authorize us in accordance with the Applicable Laws to process the information. Furthermore, we
                    understand that before you provide us with the aforementioned information, you have signed informed consent with the
                    patients, which authorizes you to provide us with and manage the patient's personal information, and allows us to process
                    the data in the manner described in this Policy.
Before you collect patient data of minors who have reached the age of 13, you should obtain express consent of them and
                    their guardians. For those under the age of 13, you should obtain the express consent of their guardians. If you fail to
                    obtain the above consent, you must not collect relevant patient personal information.
You are obligated to provide real and effective personal information about you and your patients. The information should be
                    updated in time in case of any change so that we can verify your identity and provide related products and/or services. If
                    you submit another person's personal information, you should obtain his/her legitimate authorization. The above information
                    you provide will be authorized for our use during your use of the services.
Use of Personal Information
By providing your personal information to EA, you agree that EA can use the information alone or in combination with
                    existing information for the following purposes:
(1)
Allow you to use, purchase, or subscribe to products and services provided by EA, and EA may label products and documents
                    with relevant information, including your and your patient’s name, address, telephone number and the other contact
                    information;
(2)
Provide you with relevant information about our products, services, news and events;
(3)
Provide information about you or your medical institute to patients and allow them to contact you;
(4)
Invite you to participate in our survey questionnaire;
(5)
Analyze our legacy products and services, develop new products and services, and customize our products and services as
                    well as information we provide;
(6)
Help you to establish and manage the information and files of patients registered with EA, and produce and customize
                    products and services according to your treatment plan;
(7)
Resolve malfunctions of our web site and services;
(8)
Facilitate internal audit, data analysis and research to improve our products or services;
(9)
Transfer your personal information for the purpose of transactions such as mergers, acquisitions or asset sales. Before the
                    transfer, we will give you prior notice and ensure that your personal information will get protection equivalent to this
                    Policy;
(10)
Use for purposes required by laws and regulations, court orders or other legal procedures, or government organs;
(11)
Other legal purposes
After personal information collection, we will use technical means to de-identify it. De-identified personal information
                    will not be able to identify the subject without using additional information. Please understand and agree that, in this
                    case, we are authorized to use the de-identified information; and without disclosing your personal information, we are
                    allowed to analyze the user database and make commercial use. We will use collected personal information in accordance with
                    the provisions of this Policy to realize the functions of our products and/or services. We will seek your consent before we
                    use such information for other purposes not stated in this Policy, or use the
the information collected for specific purposes for other purposes.
How do we use Cookie
(1)
A cookie is a small text file that our sites store on your computer or mobile device when you visit our websites. Our
                    websites, apps and other services, send this data to your browser when you first request a web page and then store the data
                    on your computer or other device so the website or app can access, store or collect information from your device when you
                    first request a web page. Browsers support cookies and similar technologies (such as local storage and pixels) so that our
                    websites can remember information about your visit and can use the information to improve your experience and to create
                    aggregated anonymized statistics about usage of the site. In this Policy, we use the term “cookie” to refer both to cookies
                    and similar technologies.
(2)
You can manage or delete the cookies as you like. You can refuse cookies by modifying your browser settings, or you can
                    clear all cookies saved in your mobile device. In this case, you may need to repeat the login and change user settings each
                    time you visit this web site, which will affect your use of this web site to some extent. For further information of our
                    cookies,
please
click here
.
How we share and publicly disclose your personal information
We will keep personal information you provide confidential and safe in accordance with relevant laws and regulations of
                        the People's Republic of China, and will not provide or display the information to any third party in any way, except in
                        the following cases:
(1)
We have obtained your express consent or authorization in advance that you authorize us or we access by ourselves such
                    information as patient information.
(2)
When judicial or administrative organs require our web site to disclose personal information in accordance with legal
                    procedures and statutory powers, we will provide relevant information accordingly.  We shall be exempt from liability for
                    any disclosure in this case.
(3)
We assume no liability towards any leakage, loss, embezzlement or falsification of personal information caused by force
                    majeure and affecting the normal operation of the web site, such as hacking, computer virus invasions or attacks, or
                    temporary shutdown by government control.
(4)
We assume no liability towards any leakage, loss, embezzlement or falsification of personal information caused by you
                    telling others your password or sharing your registered account with others.
(5)
We assume no liability towards any leakage, loss, embezzlement or falsification of personal information occurring on any
                    other web sites linked to this web site.
By providing us personal information, you agree that EA can share the information with third parties for the purposes
                        specified in this Policy under the following circumstances:
(1)
We may share the personal information you provide with our affiliates. We will only share necessary information for the
                    purposes stated in this Policy. If our affiliates want to change the purpose of processing personal information, they will
                    gain your approval again. If patient's personal information is involved, the patient's approval will be obtained either by
                    you or by ourselves;
(2)
We may share your orders, account, device, location, and other personal information with third parties such as partners to
                    ensure your smooth access to our products and services. We will only share your personal information for legal, just,
                    necessary, specific and clear purposes in the intention to successfully provide products and services for you. Our partners
                    are not entitled to use the shared personal information for any other purpose. At present, our partners include the
                    following types:
-
Supplier of goods or technical services
We may share the personal information you provide with third parties that support EA in ways like supplying materials, or
                    providing cooperation products and/or services, infrastructure or technical services, logistics and distribution services,
                    payment services, and data processing.
-
Partners who jointly promote with us
For your better experience of browsing and using this web site, and to keep you informed about products and/or services in
                    a timely manner, we sometimes entrust other companies to promote our products and services.  We may share both personal and
                    non-personal information you provide with our joint marketing partners. For this purpose, we will notify you to obtain your
                    consent. If patient personal information is involved, the patient's approval will be obtained either by you or by
                    ourselves.
-
Third-party components
To better provide you with products and services, we may share your personal information with third-party components
                    embedded in the web site and APP.
Please click here for details
.
-
Other purposes you agree
Personal information shared to achieve the purpose you agree to from time to time, including any other purpose stated upon
                    information collection (for example: we may share the collected information with your medical institute or other users of
                    this web site); and
-
Others
Personal information provided to courts or government organs in accordance with laws and regulations, court orders or other
                    legal procedures, or the requirements of government organs.
We will sign confidentiality agreements with companies, organizations, and individuals with whom we share personal
                    information, to require them to treat personal information in compliance with our instructions, this Policy, and any other
                    relevant confidentiality and security measures.
We will not transfer your personal information to any company, organization, or individual except for the following
                        circumstances:
(1)
Transfer with express consent: After obtaining your express consent, we will transfer the personal information you provide
                    to other parties. If the patient's personal information is involved, the patient's approval will be obtained either by you
                    or by ourselves;
(2)
In case of any acquisition, merger or insolvency liquidation, or other circumstances involving merger, acquisition or
                    insolvency liquidation, of
EA, if personal information transfer is involved, we will require the new company, organization or individual that holds
                    your personal information to continue to follow this Policy, or we will require such a company, organization or individual
                    to obtain your authorization and consent again. If patient personal information is involved, the patient's approval will be
                    obtained either by you or by ourselves.
We will only publicly disclose your personal information under the following circumstances:
(1)
We have obtained your express consent or you choose to disclose the information proactively. If patient's personal
                    information is involved, the patient's approval will be obtained either by you or by ourselves;
(2)
If we are confirmed that you have violated laws and regulations or seriously violated EA's relevant Policy or rules, or we
                    try to protect the personal and property safety of users of EA and its affiliates or to protect the public from
                    infringement, we may disclose your personal information by following laws and regulations or relevant Policy rules of EA. If
                    patient's personal information is involved, the patient's approval will be obtained either by you or by ourselves.
How we store and protect your personal information
In accordance with the relevant laws and regulations of the Applicable Laws, we will keep the web log information for
                        at least 6 months. We will only retain you and other personal information provided by you for the necessary shortest
                        period for the purpose set forth in this Policy, unless otherwise provided by laws and regulations or otherwise
                        authorized and agreed by you. After aforementioned storage period expires, we will delete or anonymize your personal
                        information and the personal information you provided.
The personal information collected and generated during our operations will be stored in your country of residence,
                        except the following circumstances: (1) Clearly stipulated by laws and regulations; or (2) Express authorization is
                        obtained from you. If patient's personal information is involved, the patient's approval will be obtained either by you
                        or by ourselves.
During your use of our products and/or services, we will continue to store the personal information you provide within
                        the shortest period required for providing the products and services, unless you cancel authorization, delete the
                        information, or deregister the account.
We have taken reasonable and feasible safety protection measures that conform to industry standards to keep and protect
                        the personal information you provide from unauthorized access, public disclosure, usage, modification, damage or loss.
                        Information submitted online is encrypted for transmission for security; the back-end storage system and the front-end
                        user information collection system are physically separated by being deployed on different servers; the network
                        equipment and security equipment at the security boundary are regularly assessed and audited, vulnerabilities are
                        patched in time, and weak passwords are eliminated; web site and code-level vulnerability scans are performed on a
                        regular basis to detect security vulnerabilities and configuration non-conformances; all O&M personnel accessing
                        electronic personal information shall pass the two-factor authenticated bastion host before performing any operation so
                        that all operations are recorded.
We have grouped an information security management team and formulated a detailed web site security management
                        system
and personal information protection system. Moreover, we have passed relevant national certification on data
                        security.
We will take reasonable and feasible measures to ensure that only related personal information is collected.
Given that the Internet is not absolutely safe, and e-mail, instant messaging, and communication with other users are
                        not encrypted, we do not recommend that you send personal information in these ways. Please use a relatively complex
                        password so that we can guarantee the personal information security of you and your patients.
We have formulated a network security incident report and disposal management web site, based on which we handle
                        personal information security incidents by following the four steps of reporting, responding, post-analyzing, and
                        rectifying. We will also inform you of the specific situation and remedy measures in accordance with laws and
                        regulations in a timely manner. Meanwhile, we will also report the disposal of the incident according to the
                        requirements of the regulatory authorities. With regard to the patient personal information you provide, you may need to
                        notify the corresponding subject after you receive our security incident notification.
How you should manage your personal information
Query and modify your personal information and the personal information you provide: After registration success,
                        account information such as user name and password will be generated. You can log in to your account and query and
                        modify the account information in "Personal Center" or send us a written request at our email. If you find a security
                        breach or illegal use of your account, please send a written request to our email to notify us in a timely manner and
                        report the case to a relevant department.
Delete your personal information and the personal information you provide, and deregister your account: You have the
                        right to deregister your account and request that we delete the personal information collected on this web site. You can
                        delete part of your personal information by editing your personal account (log in to your account and edit in "Personal
                        Center"), or send an email to us to submit the requirements. You understand that we will verify your identity before
                        deleting your personal information and the personal information you provide or deregistering your account. Unless
                        otherwise specified by law, if the user logs out, EA will delete your personal information and the personal information
                        you provide, and stop providing services (including but not limited to login and placing orders. The points in your
                        account will be cleared). Note that when your information has been deleted from our services or after we receive and
                        agree to your application for deletion, the corresponding one may not be removed from the backup system immediately, but
                        will be done when update for backup.
Withdraw agreed authorization: According to this Policy, you can withdraw web site permissions that you have granted to
                        this web site. This requires setting of your device and the specific setting method may vary with the system, brand, and
                        model of your mobile phone.
When you cancel authorization, delete personal information, or deregister your account, we will delete your personal
                        information and the personal information you provide in accordance with the law, or anonymize it as permitted by law to
                        keep it in a state where it cannot be retrieved or accessed. However, we will still store some of your information in
                        accordance with the law.
Please take good care of your account information, and ensure the security of your account and the actions implemented
                        through the account. Unless required by relevant laws and with the consent of EA, your account is for your use only, and
                        you may not borrow, transfer, gift, inherit or allow others to use your account in any way.
We will not be able to respond to your request and reserve the right to seize your account if your request:
(1)
concerns national security and/or national defense;
(2)
concerns public security, public health, and/or major public interests;
(3)
concerns criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and/or execution of judgments;
(4)
proves by sufficient evidence that you have subjective malice or abuse of rights;
(5)
seriously prejudicial to your, other individuals' or organizations' legitimate rights and interests if your request is
                    responded to;
(6)
involves business secrets;
(7)
involves other contents prohibited by laws and regulations of the Applicable Laws.
If this web site is to be closed, we will stop collecting the personal information you provide after relevant services
                        stop operating.  We will notify you of the closing in an announcement. The personal information already held will be
                        deleted or anonymized.
We will generally process the above-mentioned requests within 15 working days.
For your reasonable request, we will not charge you any fees in principle, but for repeated requests that exceed the
                    reasonable limit, we will collect a certain cost as the case may be. We may reject requests in written that are unreasonably
                    repetitive, require too many technical means (for example, the need to develop new
systems or fundamentally change existing practices), pose risks to the legitimate rights and interests of others, or are
                    highly impractical.
How we protect the personal information of children
Without the consent of their parents or guardians, children (under 13) are not allowed to create accounts on this web site.
                    If your patient is a child, it is recommended that you ask his or her parent or guardian to read this Policy carefully and
                    use our services or provide us with information with prior consent. We will only use, share, transfer or disclose the
                    personal information of a child collected with the consent of his or her parent or guardian for using our products or
                    services if the laws and regulations permit, the parent or guardian explicitly agrees, or it is necessary for protecting the
                    child.
How your personal information is transferred globally
In principle, the personal information collected and generated during our operations will be stored in your country of
                        residence.
As we provide products or services through resources and servers all over the world, your personal information may be
                        transferred to overseas jurisdictions in the country/region where you use the products or services or, be accessed from
                        such overseas jurisdictions. We only share your personal information and the personal information you provide when
                        necessary, and only for the purposes stated in this Policy. If our affiliates want to change the purpose shown, they
                        need to obtain your consent separately. If patient's personal information is involved, the patient's approval will be
                        obtained either by you or by ourselves.
3.
In accordance with this Policy, you agree that the above-mentioned personal information can be transferred to any
                    country/region where our affiliates operate (including the
People's Republic of China), and the information can be processed by us and/or the affiliates. If your personal information
                    and the personal information you provide will be shared/transmitted to our affiliates or trusted third parties outside of
                    your country of residence, we will: (1) protect the information in foreign countries substantially; and (2) strictly abide
                    by laws and regulations of your country of residence on cross-border data transmission.
This Policy and data processing in accordance with it are governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the
                    Applicable Laws. Regardless of the place where we process the data, we will take reasonable measures to protect the privacy
                    of your personal information as well as the personal information you provide.
How we modify and update this Policy
We may modify and update this Policy (referred to as "Changes") from time to time in accordance with changes in the
                        laws and regulations of the Applicable Laws, or for the need to maintain the transaction order or protect consumer
                        rights. You can check or download the latest version at the bottom of this web site at any time.
If you disagree with any change, you have the right to give us feedback through the contact information provided by
                        us.  If the feedback is accepted, we will appropriately adjust the changed items.
If you still disagree with the changed items, you should stop using web site services from the effective date when the
                        changed items go into effect, and the changed items will have no effect on you. If you continue to use web site services
                        after the changed items take effect, it shall be deemed as you have agreed to in the changed items.
How to contact us
If you have any questions or suggestions about this web site or this Policy, or you have any complaints, please contact us
                    via privacyservices@angelaligner.com, and we will deal with it within 15 working days
.
V
ersion: A7