Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy Policy - MoobaayStudio
Privacy Policy
MOOBAAY
APPLICAIONS AND GAMES
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Mobay Studio (“we,” “us,” “our,” or “Company”) knows that you care about how your personal information is used and shared, and we take your privacy seriously.  Please read the following to learn more about how we use your personal information.  By visiting, accessing or using the http://www.candy-mobile.com website and domain name, and any other linked pages, features, content, or application services offered from time to time by Company in connection therewith, or using any of our services or mobile applications (collectively, the “Services”), you acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies outlined in this Privacy Policy.
Personal Information and Non-Personal Information
Mobay Studio may collect personal and non-personal information from you when you use the Service. Personal information is information that specifically identifies an individual, including, but not limited to, an individual’s name, phone number, credit card or other billing information, email address and home address. This Privacy Policy in no way limits or restricts our collection of aggregate or anonymous information. In this Privacy Policy, we refer to all information collected from or about you, including personal information and non-personal information, as “Your Information.”
Information we collect and use
Our primary goals in collecting and using information are to provide and improve the Service, to administer and assist you in administering your Account on the Service, and to provide you with a better experience with the Service. We store and process information in the United States.
We can collect your score in game and upload to our server.
Use of Applications
When you launch any of our applications, we collect information regarding your device type, operating system and version, carrier provider, IP address, Media Access Control (MAC) address, International Equipment Mobile ID (IMEI), whether you are using a point package, the game version, the device’s geo-location, language settings, and unique device ID. In addition, we create a unique user ID to track your use of our Service. This unique user ID is stored in connection with your Account profile information to enable us to move Your Information to a new device at your request. In addition, it may be used to link a character with which you play our games to your username on the Forums. When you play our games, we also collect information about your play and interaction with other users and the Service.
How do I contact Mobay Studio about my personal information
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at
moobaaystudio@gmail.com
Address
: Pham Van Dong, Bac Tu Liem, Ha Noi
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it