Privacy Policy
We, ANCİENDA TEKNOLOJİ YAZILIM VE PAZARLAMA A.Ş., residing at Ayazağa Mah. Mimar Sinan Sk. No: 21A/13 Sarıyer/İstanbul, place great importance at your privacy. This is the Privacy Policy of apps of Ancienda and its various & next versions (hereinafter collectively referred to as "us", "we", or "our") and is incorporated into and is subject to our Terms of Use which can be found at
https://www.ancienda.com/terms-conditions.
In this Privacy Policy, we refer to our products and services as the "Service". Please read on to learn more about our data handling practices. Your use of the Service signifies that you agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Service.
Last edited: 29.08.2024
A. WHAT DATA DO WE COLLECT?
We, Ancienda, are committed to protecting your personal data and taking all necessary steps to ensure that it is processed only in accordance with your requests. Ancienda pays attention to the correct use of personal data of customers and other companies and to raise awareness of its employees in this regard. You do not have to provide us with the personal data requested from you, but if you choose not to, we may not be able to offer you our products or services.
The personal data we collect from you are not only information that we actively collect while you interact with our services but also information that you voluntarily provide to us in various contexts (such as by sending an email to us). Therefore, it is not possible to define an exclusive list of all potential types of personal data that we may collect from you. However, we provide below the typical types of personal data we collect from you:
Your name, correspondence address, phone number, date of birth, e-mail address, search inquiries, technical data such as URL, IP address, information in your profile.
We also collect and gather user contents (e.g., photos, screenshots, comments, and other materials) that you create on the Service. We collect face data from images you upload to our apps that use face recognition or face-swapping features. We do not retain face data longer than necessary for the intended purpose. All facial data is automatically deleted within 180 days of its creation to enhance our services and AI models and ensure privacy. We use face data solely to provide the features and functionality of our apps, such as face recognition or face-swapping, and to improve the quality and accuracy of these features. We store face data for 180 days to analyze, improve, and optimize the app’s features. We do not store face data indefinitely. We do not share your face data with any third parties. If there is any future change in this practice, we will update our privacy policy accordingly and seek your explicit consent. We would like to remind you that if you only allow your camera or photo gallery, we will access it from your device and access only the images you choose to share with us. We also state that your device's photo or video library will never be automatically scanned or imported. The photos you transfer to the app may contain various personal data. As Ancienda, we do not control the content of this data, and that the responsibility for the personal data contained in these photographs belongs to you. If you do not agree with all the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Service.
We also collect error-reporting information if the Service crashes or hangs up so that we can investigate the error and improve the stability of the Service for future releases. In general, these reports do not contain personally identifiable information, or only incidentally. As part of these error reports, we receive information about the type and version of your device, the device identifier, the time the error occurred, the feature being used and the state of the application when the error occurred. We do not use this information for any purpose other than investigating and fixing the error.
We would also like to state that we do not collect personal data of children under the age of 13. If you are under the aforementioned age limit, please do not use Ancienda services and provide us with no personal data.
B. HOW AND ON WHAT LEGAL BASIS DO WE COLLECT YOUR DATA?
You directly provide us with most of the data we collect (for instance, by signing up) but we also use automated processes to collect some information about you.
As described above in more detail, we collect and process your data when:
You use the app or visit its website; in which case we use cookies and similar technologies (more on this below);
You interact with and read our emails,
You contact us or interact with our services in any other manner.
Cookies and Similar Technologies:
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. They are widely used to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site.
We use cookies to:
Collect analytics information, for which we use privacy-friendly analytics providers;
Help you via our support chat function, for which we use support service providers.
Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. To find out more about cookies visit
www.aboutcookies.org
.
The legal basis for the processing of your personal data collected within this scope is the legitimate interests of the Company, a possible or existing contractual relationship and your explicit consent, if necessary.
C. TO WHOM DO WE TRANSFER YOUR DATA?
We will not rent or sell your information to third parties without your consent, except as noted in this Privacy Policy. However, Ancienda can transmit your personal data apart from facial data to the following organizations:
- Companies and solution partners working on our behalf. We work with other companies and our solution partners to carry out certain commercial activities on our behalf. In certain circumstances, access to your personal data may be required during the process. We may share User Content and your information (including but not limited to, information from cookies, log files, device identifiers, location data, and usage data) with businesses that are legally part of the same group of companies that is part of, or that become part of that group ("Affiliates"). Affiliates may use this information to help provide, understand, and improve the Service (including by providing analytics) and Affiliates' own services (including by providing you with better and more relevant experiences). But these Affiliates will honor the choices you make about who can see your contents.
- We also may share your information as well as information from tools like cookies, log files, and device identifiers and location data, with third-party organizations that help us provide the Service to you ("Service Providers"). Our Service Providers will be given access to your information as is reasonably necessary to provide the Service under reasonable confidentiality terms.
- We may also share aggregate or anonymous information with third parties, including advertisers and investors. For example, we may tell our advertisers the number of users our app receives. This information does not contain any personal or personally identifiable information and is used to develop content and services that we hope you will find of interest.
- We remove parts of data that can identify you and share anonymized data with other parties. We may also combine your information with other information in a way that it is no longer associated with you and share that aggregated information.
Parties with whom you may choose to share your User Content:
- Any information or content that you voluntarily disclose for posting to the Service, such as User Content, becomes available to the public. With this feature, we can be protected from exhibitionism. Once you have shared User Content or made it public, that User Content may be re-shared by others.
Third-Party Storage of Face Data: As stated, we do not share face data with any third parties. Therefore, there are no third-party storage practices to describe.
We use or may disclose your personal information only as follows:
- To verify your identity;
- To connect you with others as enabled by the Service;
- To share your Profile with others on the Service;
- To allow your use of certain features of the Service that may be offered from time to time such as Premium Services (see our Terms of Use);
- To show you the names of persons you communicate with and to show your name to persons you communicate with on the Service;
- To deliver to you any administrative notices, alerts and communications relevant to your use of the Service;
- To provide you with relevant content that you requested, using information that you allow us to collect from you or that you provide to a social media provider with which your account is connected, such as information regarding your and your contacts' respective locations;
- To contact you via email, SMS or otherwise for the purpose of informing you about new products, services or promotions offered by us (you can opt-out of such emails or SMS by sending an email to
contact@ancienda.com
);
- For internal operations, including troubleshooting problems, data analysis, testing, research, improvements to the Service, detecting and protecting against error, fraud or other illegal activity;
- To protect and defend our rights or property (including to enforce our Terms of Use and other agreements); or
- In connection with a corporate transaction involving us, such as the purchase or sale of a business unit, an acquisition, merger, sale of assets, or other similar event.
We direct these third parties to use the information only in the provision of specified services. Companies are prohibited from transmitting information to third parties unless it is necessary to provide the service. As Ancienda, we act within this principle.
a) Approval:
In all cases, except for the legal enforcement and protection cases listed below, Ancienda will ask for your explicit consent to disclose your personal information to third parties.
b) Legal enforcement:
Ancienda reserves the right to disclose your personal information to third parties without your consent, in order to comply with laws, decrees and court orders, to cooperate with investigations by prosecution offices, and to prevent fraud.
c) Protection:
We may disclose your personal data if we decide that disclosure is reasonably necessary to enforce our terms and conditions or to protect our transactions or our users.
We may share your personal data with third parties located in countries other than your country. Your personal data, therefore, may be subject to privacy laws that are different from those in your country. Personal data collected within the European Union may, for example, be transferred to and processed by third parties located in a country outside of the European Union. In such instances, we ensure that the transfer of your personal data is carried out in accordance with applicable privacy laws and, in particular, that appropriate contractual, technical, and organizational measures are in place such as the Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the EU Commission.
D. PROTECTION OF PERSONAL DATA
Ancienda implements various administrative, internal and technical security measures to protect your personal data and ensures the security of your personal data.
You can always control what information you choose to share with us on the Service. To do so, you can change your settings in the Service or in your mobile device. Alternatively, you can remove the Service from your mobile device entirely. You can remove your data anytime you want. If you ask us to delete your account, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to remove your data from our servers. Any personally identifiable information that (i) you share in text messages, photos, videos or otherwise in or through the application with other users, or (ii) submit on a blog, bulletin board or chat room on our website or elsewhere, can be viewed and used by others, including to send you unsolicited messages or to commit identity theft. We are not responsible for any use or misuse of your information that might result from your disclosure of information.
If you accessed a website, product or service provided by a third party, including through the Service, such third party may also collect information about you. Please see the privacy policies of each such third party for more information about how they use the information they collect. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any exchange of information between you and any third party.
Ancienda employees are trained to understand and act in accordance with these control measures. In addition, employees are provided with an understanding of their privacy policy, the principles and standards of protection of personal data. We employ advanced encryption and security protocols to protect face data from unauthorized access or use during the brief period it is stored on our servers. Although we are committed to protecting your personal data, there are also precautions you should take. We recommend that you take all necessary preventive measures to protect your personal data during internet use.
However, it should be noted that since no communication method on the internet is 100% secure, we cannot guarantee absolute security, no matter how hard we strive to protect your personal information.
If your consent is required for the processing of your personal information, you can withdraw your consent to be valid later. You can delete your face data anytime by deleting the app. This action is irreversible and will permanently remove all stored face data.
E. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR DATA?
Ancienda makes it easy to keep your personal information accurate, complete and up to date. If a longer retention period is not required by law or is not permitted, we will retain your personal data for the time required to fulfill the objectives outlined in this privacy policy which can be maximum 180 days. This time frame is chosen to balance the need for data to improve our service with the importance of protecting user privacy.
All Personal Information is stored on your device. To erase this data, simply delete the app; this action is irreversible. In order to enhance our services and AI models, we may occasionally retain anonymized data, without any links to your identity, as a necessary part of our service delivery. Safety and privacy are paramount to us, and as such, we also delete your Facial Data six months after its creation. Should you decide to remove the app and any photos generated by it, you can do so by deleting the app. Please be aware that all deletion actions are permanent and cannot be undone once confirmed. Your account or specific models, all associated information will be permanently purged from our system, ensuring your complete data removal.
F. YOUR RIGHTS
If you wish to use any of the rights described below, you may contact us at any time by emailing us at
contact@ancienda.com
. We process and answer your requests without undue delay and in any event within one month of our receipt of the request unless a longer period is required due to the complexity of the request. In this case, our response time can be up to three months in total as permitted by Article 12 of the GDPR.
1.  Right to request access
You have the right to request access into the data that we are processing on you, see Article 15 of the GDPR, including information about:
a.the purposes of the processing; the categories of personal data concerned
b.the recipients or categories of recipient to whom the personal data have been or will be disclosed
c.the envisaged period for which the personal data will be stored
Furthermore, you have the right to obtain a copy of the personal data undergoing processing. Please note that the access may be restricted due to intellectual property or trade secrets.
2.  The right to object
You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data on grounds relating to your particular situation when the data are processed based on the balancing-of interest rule in Section 6(1)(f) of the GDPR, see Article 21 of the GDPR. In this case, we will cease the processing unless there is compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms or if the processing is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims. You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes at any time. We will cease the processing of your personal data for this purpose after the objection. Please note that if you exercise this right, your user license to use the Service will cease automatically.
3.  Right to rectification and erasure
You have the right to have inaccurate personal data rectified, see Article 16 of the GDPR. Furthermore, you have the right to have your personal data erased where one of the following grounds applies, see Article 17 of the GDPR:
a.the personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed,
b.if you have withdrawn your consent and there are no other legal grounds for the processing,
c.if you have objected to the processing and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for the processing,
d.the personal data have to be erased for compliance with a legal obligation in Union or Member State law,
e.the personal data have been unlawfully processed or the personal data have been collected in relation to the offer of information society services.
You can request deletion of any face data stored within the app by contacting us. Face data is stored for a maximum of 180 days and is automatically deleted thereafter.
Please note that your right to erasure may be limited if the data are necessary for compliance with a legal obligation or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
4.  Right to withdraw consent
You have the right to obtain restriction of processing in certain circumstances, see Article 18 of the GDPR. If you have the right to restriction, we will only process your data with your consent or for the establishment, exercise or defense of a legal claim or to protect a person or important grounds of public interest the right to withdraw consent. If we have asked for your consent to our processing of your data, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time, see Article 7 of the GDPR. If you withdraw your consent, we will cease processing of the data for which you have withdrawn consent, unless we have a legal obligation to keep some or parts of your data. Please note that if you withdraw your consent, your user license to use the Services will cease automatically. The withdrawal of your consent does not affect the lawfulness of processing based on your consent before its withdrawal.
5.  The right to data portability
You have the right to receive the personal data you have provided us with which we process in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and have the right to transmit those data to another controller if the processing is based on consent or contract performance, see Article 20 of the GDPR.
G. CHANGES IN THE PRIVACY POLICY AND CONTACT INFORMATION
We may review this Privacy Policy at various times. The most current version of the Privacy Policy will determine how your personal information is used and will be available on this page. If you continue to access the Service or the applications after these changes become effective, you agree that you are bound by this revised Privacy Policy.
If you have any questions or concerns about the protection of your personal data while using the Ancienda website or applications, please email at the address above.
If you have any questions regarding this policy, you can contact us by mail. Please use our current address in the Contact Information section of our website.