PRIVACY POLICY
PRIVACY POLICY
1. Protection of user data and ensuring privacy are among the fundamental principles of the company.
2. The information provided by the users to use the application and the data accessed through the application will not be used for purposes other than those specified in the terms of use and privacy policy.
3. The company has the right to access the communication instruments specified by the user while registering for the application or updated later, for notification, campaign, marketing, communication and other purposes, unless the company has a written request to the contrary.
4. The company has the right to access the content that the user shares with the application, and this right will be used with third parties only in cases specified in the terms of use and privacy policy. Otherwise, user data and information will not be shared with third parties.
5. In order to identify the problems related to the system in the application and to solve the possible problems that may arise in the Application immediately, the Company may record the IP address of the Users, the information registered in the social network user account, and use these records for the purposes specified in the terms of use and privacy policy. These IP addresses can be used by the Company to define its users and visitors in general and to collect demographic data in a comprehensive way.
Data Kinds
6. The types of data we collect are classified in 2 different categories. "Personal data" and "Anonymous data". Personal Data is the set of information that enables users to be identified and data provides access to user identity. Anonymous Data means data that is not related to personal information and refers to information that alone does not allow the user to be identified. The collection of personal and anonymous data is provided in 4 ways.
1-Information directly provided by Users;
I. Personal data you use to create your account when logging into the application.
II. Data that is required by the application or can be accessed as a result of the service.
III. The e-mail address and contents you use when you send us e-mails.
IV. Data obtained as a result of participating in any survey that we may conduct, related to our application or regardless of the application you use.
V. All data associated with the application, which the user-specified company can access.
2-Information collected through technology;
I. Our servers can collect the type of your mobile device or computer, the information of your mobile application and browser, your IP address and related technological information and data. This information includes data such as domain name, time of entering application and how use of the application.
II. The websites you visit can save small information on your computer or phone and then read that information when you visit the same site. The files in which this small information is saved are called cookies or definition information. Our application can access cookie data.
3-Information collected from you about others;
I. Our users can send an application invitation to their friends through the application. In such cases, we can access the invited person's information. In this way, they can request the deletion of the data of the users or third parties whose data we have accessed.
4-Information collected through other platforms;
I. We can provide information and data flow from other platforms for the purposes of strengthening our application and advertising. The owners of the data obtained in this way can request the deletion of their data.
Data Usage
7. Generally speaking, the use of data is used to respond to requests from you and to provide better service;
a. Performing membership transactions.
b. Improving the services offered, developing new services and informing about them.
c. Promotion and marketing of application goods / products and services in line with the preference and liking of the Member Customer by re-marketing, targeting, profiling and analysis in line with the express consent of the users.
d. Resolving user problems and complaints.
e. Follow-up of accounting and purchasing transactions.
f. Providing information and process security and preventing malicious use.
8. The information obtained within the scope of the application can be used by the company and other collaborating persons and institutions without revealing the identity of the User in any way, only for various statistical evaluations, authorized marketing, database creation efforts and market research.
9. The collected data can be shared with our affiliated companies, in case of a company merger or acquisition, sharing can be provided with the company with which the partnership has been entered.
10. The company can provide links to other sites within the application, publish advertisements of third parties with whom it has an agreement with the Company, and direct users to the site of advertisers or contracted third parties through advertisements. The Company does not bear any responsibility for the privacy practices and policies of other Applications accessed via this link or the content they host. The user is bound by the own privacy policy of those sites.
11. The following situations will constitute exceptions to the privacy policy, and within these cases, the collected personal and anonymous data can be shared with 3rd parties.
a. In cases where the legal and legal regulations require data sharing.
b. In cases where information about the Users is requested in line with a research or investigation conducted by the authorized administrative or judicial authorities in accordance with the procedural method.
c. In cases where it is necessary to provide information to protect user rights and security.
d. In case of any crime detection, violations of rights against the institution or third parties, detection of illegal works and transactions, and the existence of actions that cause damage in the business and transaction area of the Company.
Choice of Use of Personal Data
12. Users have a choice regarding the use of personal data.
13. The company can send promotional e-mails regarding the service, product or news bulletins received. Users have the right not to want to receive such e-mails. In this case, they can send an e-mail to the specified e-mail address or choose the option not to receive e-mail.
14. Changes to Terms of Use and Privacy Policy will be notified to our users by e-mail or similar communication instruments. In this type of notification, the communication preference of users will not be taken into account.
15. Users have the right to use and update their personal data as they wish.
Right to Information about the User's Personal Data Use
16. The rights of the users on the processed personal data are as follows;
a. Learning whether personal data is processed or not
b. Requesting information if personal data has been processed
c. Learning the purpose of processing personal data and whether they are used appropriately for their purpose
d. Requesting correction of personal data in case of incomplete or incorrect processing to.
e. To know the third parties to whom personal data are transferred domestically or abroad
f. Requesting the deletion or destruction of personal data
Privacy and Protection of Personal Data
17. The Company takes care to keep the confidential information provided to it private and confidential, to ensure and maintain confidentiality and to prevent the disclosure of all or any part of the confidential information to the public or unauthorized use and disclosure to a third party, and to take all measures.
18. The company works to provide the required standard and care regarding confidentiality. In this respect, users should use the applications and services offered carefully, and they should not share the application access tools with third parties and should not use carelessly in public areas.
19. The risks that may occur on the internet platform should be taken into consideration. The user should be careful and attentive in any personal data shared. The company does not guarantee 100% protection in any way. The user should be aware of this risk while using the application.
20. The Company will not be liable in case of data loss and disclosure of data that may arise from third parties, the platform it uses or user negligence. The user must show due diligence and accept the risks that may arise.
Right to Change Privacy Policy
21. The company may renew or revise its privacy policy within certain periods in order to provide better service and protection of security. These renewals will be valid for our users as of the date of publication.
Contact
25. For all your questions, opinions, suggestions, objections and complaints about the privacy policy, the use, collection, disclosure and sharing of personal information with third parties, you can contact us directly via
onemind.development@gmail.com
e
-mail address.
Privacy Policy: Metin