Privacy Policy
​
mobDB LLC
Effective Date: 30 Aug, 2024
Introduction
mobDB LLC ("we," "our," or "us") is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, disclose, and safeguard your information when you use our mobile application ("App"). Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. If you do not agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not use the App.
Information We Collect
We do not collect any personal information such as name, age, email address, or any other personally identifiable information. The only information we may collect via the App includes:
App Usage Data
Information related to your usage of the App, such as the frequency and duration of your use, and other related information.
Push Notifications
We may request to send you push notifications regarding your account or the App. If you wish to opt-out from receiving these types of communications, you may turn them off in your device’s settings.
Use of Your Information
Having accurate information about you permits us to provide you with a smooth, efficient, and customized experience. Specifically, we may use information collected about you via the App to:
Improve our App to better serve you.
Perform other business activities as needed.
Prevent fraudulent transactions, monitor against theft, and protect against criminal activity.
Disclosure of Your Information
We may share information we have collected about you in certain situations. Your information may be disclosed as follows:
By Law or to Protect Rights
If we believe the release of information about you is necessary to respond to legal process, to investigate or remedy potential violations of our policies, or to protect the rights, property, and safety of others, we may share your information as permitted or required by any applicable law, rule, or regulation.
Business Transfers
We may share or transfer your information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
Third-Party Service Providers
We may share your information with third parties that perform services for us or on our behalf, including data analysis, email delivery, hosting services, customer service, and marketing assistance.
Marketing Communications
With your consent, or with an opportunity for you to withdraw consent, we may share your information with third parties for marketing purposes, as permitted by law.
Security of Your Information
We use administrative, technical, and physical security measures to help protect your information. While we have taken reasonable steps to secure the information you provide to us, please be aware that despite our efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable, and no method of data transmission can be guaranteed against any interception or other type of misuse.
Policy for Children
We do not knowingly solicit information from or market to children under the age of 13. If we learn that we have collected information from a child under age 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal, or regulatory reasons. We will notify you of any changes by updating the “Effective Date” of this Privacy Policy. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes.
Contact Us
If you have questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
mobDB LLC
Email: hotbasketbooks@gmail.com