Effective Date: February 7, 2025
Your privacy is important to us. This Privacy Policy explains how our apps collect, use, and protect your information.
Information Collection and Use
Our app does not collect or store any personal data on our servers. Any information you provide is stored locally on your device and is not transmitted to any external servers.
AdMob and Advertising
We use Google AdMob to serve advertisements in our app. AdMob may use cookies and mobile ad identifiers to show relevant ads. You can learn more about Google's advertising policies
here
.
IDFA (Identifier for Advertisers)
If you are using an iOS device, we may collect and use your IDFA for personalized advertising. You can opt out of targeted ads by adjusting your device settings under Privacy > Tracking.
Consent for GDPR and European Regulations
If you are in the European Economic Area (EEA), you have the right to provide or withdraw consent for data collection. Our app will present a consent form when required to comply with GDPR and related regulations.
You have the right to access, rectify, or erase your data. For requests, please contact us at
hickson@hickson.in
.
Privacy Rights for Users in US States
Depending on your location, you may have specific privacy rights:
California (CCPA/CPRA)
: You have the right to request access to your data, opt out of data sharing, and request deletion of your personal data.
Virginia (VCDPA)
: You can request access, correction, and deletion of your data.
Colorado, Connecticut, and Other States
: You may have rights similar to California and Virginia. Please contact us for more information.
Platform Services
This Application is distributed on Apple's App Store, a platform for the distribution of mobile apps, provided by Apple Inc. By virtue of being distributed via this app store, Apple collects basic analytics and provides reporting features that enable the Owner to view usage analytics data and measure the performance of this Application. Much of this information is processed on an opt-in basis.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. Any changes will be posted on this page, and the effective date will be updated accordingly. We encourage you to review this policy periodically for any updates.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at
hickson@hickson.in
.
Thank you for using our app!