Privacy Policy
nevishs built this app and it is intended to be used as is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding my
        policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal
        Information if anyone decided to use my Service.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings
        as in our Terms unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
The information that
        I request will be retained on your device and is not collected by me in any way.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are
        commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent
        to your browser from the websites that you visit and are
        stored on your device's internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on
        a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note
        that these external sites are not operated by me.
        Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the
        Privacy Policy of these websites. I have
        no control over and assume no responsibility for the content,
        privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or
        services.
Children’s Privacy
I do not knowingly collect personally
            identifiable information from children. I
            encourage all children to never submit any personally
            identifiable information through
            the Application and/or Services.
            I encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor
            their children's Internet usage and to help enforce this Policy by instructing
            their children never to provide personally identifiable information through the Application and/or Services
            without their permission. If you have reason to believe that a child
            has provided personally identifiable information to us through the Application and/or Services,
            please contact us. You must also be at least 16 years of age to consent to the processing
            of your personally identifiable information in your country (in some countries we may allow your parent
            or guardian to do so on your behalf).
Changes to This Privacy Policy
I may update our Privacy Policy from
        time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page
        periodically for any changes. I will
        notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on
        this page.
This policy is effective as of 2023-12-01
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about my
        Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at nevis.applications@gmail.com.