Blood Pressure - Heart Rate
Privacy Policy
This is a Free app. This SERVICE is provided by NorthernStudio at no cost and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.
If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which are accessible at the app unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Not a medical device
This app offers general fitness and health information and is not a substitute for professional medical advice.
For information purposes
Consult your doctor or healthcare professional before starting any new exercise program or making dietary modifications.
Features limit
Please note that this app does not measure blood pressure, blood sugar, but can help you make a data diary.
How does the app use the collected data?
The processing of data is performed locally on the device. We do not use data for any other purposes or analysis beyond the create app functionality.
Data Collection
Our app collects data solely for the purpose of
app functionality
Data Sharing and Disclosure
'We do not share or disclose data to any third parties. All data processing occurs on the user's device, and no data is transmitted to external servers.'
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, I may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that I request will be retained on your device and is not collected by me in any way.
The app does use third-party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to the privacy policy of third-party service providers used by the app
Google Play Services
AdMob
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 years of age. In the case I discover that a child under 13 has provided me with personal information, I immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact me so that I will be able to do the necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at northernstudiovn@gmail.com