Log In / Register
Visit Ireland Site
What's On
Term Dates
News
►
Family
Education
Competitions
Make & Play
►
Shopping
Reviews
Recipes
Loopy Library
Videos
Offers
Contact Us
About PT
What's On
Term Dates
News
Family
Education
Competitions
Make & Play
Shopping
Reviews
Recipes
Loopy Library
Videos
Offers
Contact Us
About PT
Share:
Home
>
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
www.primarytimes.co.uk
General Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Advertising
Editorial
Competitions
General Guidelines
The nature of internet communications means that communications on (www.primarytimes.co.uk “Website”) may be susceptible to data corruption, interception and delays. This website may include inaccuracies or typographical errors. Primary Times Ltd (the “Publisher”) and any other persons involved in the management the Website may make changes to the content of this Website, at any time without notice. The Publisher shall not be responsible for any detrimental reliance placed on this Website.
The Publisher provides this site on an “as is” basis and makes no representations or warranties of any kind with respect to this Website or its contents and disclaims all such representations and warranties. In addition the Publisher makes no representations or warranties about the accuracy, completeness or suitability for any purpose of the information and related graphics published in this Website. The information contained in this Website may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. All liability of the Publisher howsoever arising for any such inaccuracies or errors is expressly excluded to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Primary Times Ltd nor any of its employees or other representatives will be liable for damages arising out of or in connection with the use of the Website. This is a comprehensive limitation of liability that applies to all damages of any kind, including (without limitation) compensatory, direct, indirect or consequential damages, loss of data, income or profit, loss of or damage to property and claims of third parties.
All brand names, product names and titles and copyrights used in this Website are trademarks or trade names or copyrights of their respective holders. No permission is given by the Schools Publishing Limited in respect of the use of any such brand names, product names or titles or copyrights and such use may constitute an infringement of the holder’s rights.
All design, text, graphics and the selection or arrangement thereof are the copyright of Primary Times Ltd. Any use of materials on this Website (including reproduction for purposes other than those noted above and modification, distribution or republication) without the prior written permission of the Publisher is strictly prohibited.
“Primary Times” and “Early Times” are the exclusive trademarks and get-up of Primary Times Ltd. All other trademarks, product names and company names or logos referred to in the Website are the property of their respective owners.
1. General Terms & Conditions
The Publisher is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. This policy explains how we use the information we collect about you and the procedures that we have in place to safeguard your privacy. When you register on this Website we need to know your name, postal address and e-mail address. This information allows you to enter our online competitions, access a number of exclusive promotions, plus contribute to areas such as our book reviews, message boards and free classified adverts.
When registering with the Website you have the option to “opt in” to our mailing lists. You will be asked to answer various general questions about yourself and to specify the areas in which you are interested. This data is then used to tailor the information which we send to you to cover the topics and merchandise which we believe you might be interested in.
You can amend or remove your preferences by logging into your account, clicking on the 'Your Account' link and then click on the 'Update Your Contact Details' link.
From time to time we may also provide you with information about any special offers or features of the Website which we think may be of interest to you and for related marketing purposes. By submitting your information you consent to its use for this purpose. If you would rather not receive this material please login to your account, click on the 'Your Account' link and then the 'Update Your Contact Details' link and uncheck the tick box at the bottom of the form which says 'Tick this box to receive our email newsletter'.
We monitor customer traffic on an aggregate basis in order to help us develop and improve the Website for the benefit of our Readers. Unlike some websites we do not use “cookies” to collect information about you. In order to enhance your use of the Website we use “session cookies” which will only last for the duration of that visit to the Website.
2. Privacy Policy
Primary Times Ltd (the “data controller”) takes the privacy of your personal information very seriously and is committed to safeguarding your privacy and your personal information, complying with the Data Protection Act 2018 and the Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations 2003. This Privacy Policy relates to our and our subsidiaries (Primary Times Limited) use, of any personal information we collect from you directly, or indirectly via 3rd party data providers, covering individuals who:
visit our main website (
primarytimes.co.uk
) or any of our network of websites (primarytimes.net, schoolspublishing.co.uk, primarytimes.i.e)
use our products and services;
contact us concerning our products and services;
are a reader of our publications;
attend or register to attend any events (including online events) or other events in which Primary Times Ltd participates;
complete surveys Primary Times Ltd has issued or commissioned;
complete competition entries Primary Times Ltd has issued or commissioned;
through telephone research of your organisation and your role in the organisation;
through research of public resources to identify organisations and your role in the organisation;
are provided to us as part of 3rd party data for inclusion in our future marketing campaigns and where consent has been provided for 3rd party marketing campaigns;
supply products or services to Primary Times Ltd ;
have applied to work for Primary Times Ltd , or are current or former employees of Primary Times Ltd ;
This Privacy Policy will explain the following:
what personal information may be collected about you;
how Primary Times Ltd will use this personal information;
when Primary Times Ltd may use this personal information to contact you;
how long will Primary Times Ltd retain your personal information;
how this personal information may be shared with other parties;
how your personal information will be kept secure;
your rights regarding the personal information you provide to us;
the use of cookies on the Primary Times Ltd websites;
how to contact us.
In this policy, personal information means information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person. An identifiable person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, and online identifier or to one or more factors specific to his/her physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity.
Primary Times Ltd encourages you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to from Primary Times Ltd so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information. Primary Times Ltd is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of the Primary Times Ltd and Primary Times Ltd family of websites.
What personal information is held about you and how we use it?
1. Users of our products and services
Primary Times Ltd collects personal information from you when you use our products or services, including name, email address, postal address, and telephone number
We will use this personal information:
To carry out obligations arising from being a registered user of our product and services. The lawful basis for processing your personal information for this purpose will be “Contractual Need”.
To send you personalised communications which you have requested or may be of interest to you. These may include information about publications, webinars, events, surveys, product and service developments, promotions of our associated brands’ products and services. The lawful basis for processing your personal information for this purpose will be “Legitimate Interest”.
2. Individuals contacting us concerning our products and services
Primary Times Ltd collects personal information from you when you contact us about our products or services or subscribe to our newsletters, including name, email address, postal address, telephone number.
We will use this personal information:
To send you personalised communications which you have requested or may be of interest to you. These may include information about publications, webinars, events, surveys, product and service developments, promotions of our associated brands’ products and services. The lawful basis for processing your personal information for this purpose will be “Legitimate Interest”.
Primary Times Ltd does not share this information with third parties, except those who are required to facilitate the delivery of our services, such as distributors, mailing houses, fulfilment houses etc.
3. Subscribed reader or single request reader of our publications
Primary Times Ltd collects personal information from you when you subscribe or request a single copy of our publications, including name, email address, postal address, telephone number and job title.
We will use this personal information:
To carry out obligations arising from being a subscribed reader of our publication/s. The lawful basis for processing your personal information for this purpose will be “Contractual Need” for paid subscriptions and “Legitimate Interest” for free or single request subscriptions.
To send you personalised communications which you have requested or may be of interest to you. These may include information about publications, webinars, events, surveys, product and service developments, promotions of our associated brands’ products and services. The lawful basis for processing your personal information for this purpose will be “Legitimate Interest".
Primary Times Ltd uses automated decision making and profiling to personalise and ensure the communications are relevant to you, with no significant effect on you or your rights. The lawful basis for processing your personal information for this purpose will be “Legitimate Interest".
4. Attendees or registrants to our events (including online events) or other events which Primary Times Ltd participates
Primary Times Ltd collects personal information from you when you register at or register to attend an event hosted by or participated at by Primary Times Ltd . The personal information collected will include your name, email address, telephone number and job title.
We will use this personal information:
To carry out obligations arising from being a registered attendee of our event or other events which Primary Times Ltd The lawful basis for processing your personal information for this purpose will be “Legitimate Interest”.
To send you personalised communications which you have requested or may be of interest to you. These may include information about publications, webinars, events, surveys, product and service developments, promotions of our associated brands’ products and services. The lawful basis for processing your personal information for this purpose will be “Legitimate Interest”.
Primary Times Ltd uses automated decision making and profiling to personalise and ensure the communications are relevant to you, with no significant effect on you or your rights. The lawful basis for processing your personal information for this purpose will be “Legitimate Interest”.
5. Individuals who complete surveys Primary Times Ltd has issued or commissioned
Primary Times Ltd collects personal information from you when you complete a survey we have issued or commissioned. The personal information collected will include your name, email address, postal address, telephone number and job title.
We will use this personal information:
To send you personalised communications which you have requested or may be of interest to you. These may include information about publications, webinars, events, surveys, product and service developments, promotions of our associated brands’ products and services. The lawful basis for processing your personal information for this purpose will be “Legitimate Interest”.
Primary Times Ltd uses automated decision making and profiling to personalise and ensure the communications are relevant to you, with no significant effect on you or your rights. The lawful basis for processing your personal information for this purpose will be “Legitimate Interest”.
The personal information may be made available to 3rd party recipients. To provide this information to others for direct marketing of their product or services by inclusion in Primary Times Ltd ’s commercial dataset. The lawful basis for processing your personal information for this purpose will be “Legitimate Interest”.
6. Individuals who enter competitions Primary Times Ltd has issued or commissioned
Primary Times Ltd collects personal information from you when you enter a competition we have issued or commissioned. The personal information collected will include your name, email address, postal address, telephone number and job title.
We will use this personal information:
To carry out obligations arising from entering the competition which Primary Times Ltd has offered. The lawful basis for processing your personal information for this purpose will be “Legitimate Interest”.
To send you personalised communications which you have requested or may be of interest to you. These may include information about publications, webinars, events, surveys, product and service developments, promotions of our associated brands’ products and services. The lawful basis for processing your personal information for this purpose will be “Legitimate Interest”.
Primary Times Ltd uses automated decision making and profiling to personalise and ensure the communications are relevant to you, with no significant effect on you or your rights. The lawful basis for processing your personal information for this purpose will be “Legitimate Interest”.
The personal information may be made available to 3rd party recipients. To provide this information to others for direct marketing of their product or services by inclusion in Primary Times Ltd ’s commercial dataset. The lawful basis for processing your personal information for this purpose will be “Legitimate Interest”.
7. Individuals who have provided information through telephone research conducted by Primary Times Ltd
Primary Times Ltd collects personal information from you when you take part in telephone research on organisations conducted by Primary Times Ltd . The personal information collected will include your name, email address, telephone number, postal address, company name and job title.
We will use this personal information:
To send you personalised communications which you have requested or may be of interest to you. These may include information about publications, webinars, events, surveys, product and service developments, promotions of our associated brands’ products and services. The lawful basis for processing your personal information for this purpose will be “Legitimate Interest”.
Primary Times Ltd uses automated decision making and profiling to personalise and ensure the communications are relevant to you, with no significant effect on you or your rights. The lawful basis for processing your personal information for this purpose will be “Legitimate Interest”.
The personal data may be made available to 3rd party recipients. To provide this information to others for direct marketing of their product or services by inclusion in Primary Times Ltd ’s commercial dataset. The lawful basis for processing your personal information for this purpose will be “Legitimate Interest”.
8. Companies who supply products or services to Primary Times Ltd
Primary Times Ltd collects personal information from you when you supply products or services to Primary Times Ltd , including name, email address, postal address, telephone number and job title.
We will use this personal information:
To carry out obligations arising from you providing us products or services. The lawful basis for processing your personal information for this purpose will be “Contractual Need”.
9. Individuals who have applied to work for Primary Times Ltd
Primary Times Ltd collects personal information from you when you apply to work for Primary Times Ltd , including name, email address, postal address, telephone number, employment history, education history and details of referees.
We will use this personal information:
To complete the interview process, we will use your personal information to communicate with you, complete background checks where permitted by law and manage you application through the interview selection process. The lawful basis for processing your personal information for this purpose will be “Contractual Need”.
10. Individuals who are current or former employees of Primary Times Ltd
Primary Times Ltd collects personal information from you when you work for Primary Times Ltd , including name, email address, postal address, telephone number, date of birth, employee identification number, bank details, national insurance number and emergency contact details.
We will use this personal information:
To enable us to employ, pay and manage your work. The lawful basis for processing your personal information for this purpose will be “Contractual Need”.
In case of emergencies when will utilise your emergence contact details. The lawful basis for processing your personal information for this purpose will be in the employees “Vital Interests”.
To comply with applicable tax, employment and health & safety laws. The lawful basis for processing your personal information for this purpose will be “Compliance with Legal Obligations”.
Information provided to us by 3rd parties.
1. Visitors to our website
When someone visits one of our sites (
primarytimes.co.uk
or any of our network of brand specific websites we use a 3rd party service, Google Analytics to collect details of website traffic and visitor information, including browser type, internet service provider, URLs of referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, information you search for, locale and language preferences, identification numbers associated with your devices, your mobile carrier, and system configuration information. For full detailed information about the use of cookies on our website, please see the section on “How we use cookies on the Primary Times Ltd websites”.
We use the website traffic and visitor information to improve our understanding of the use of the Primary Times Ltd websites and in order to determine what Primary Times Ltd services are the most popular. The lawful basis for processing your personal information for this purpose will be “Legitimate Interest”.
How long will you retain my personal information?
We will retain and process your personal information as long as is needed to provide the product or service that you’ve elected to receive from us.
For personal information used by us for our own direct marketing purposes, we will retain the data whilst accurate or responsive and if not, no longer actively use after 5 years.
Personal information obtained from 3rd parties for the Primary Times Ltd Commercial dataset will be recompiled on a regular basis to ensure the data is fresh and relevant.
How will my personal information be shared?
We do share information with third parties, with the exception of those directly involved in the creation publication and distribution of our publications, electronic mail and news. These partner companies may include mailing houses, data management partners and fulfilment services. Our partners are contracted to operate under the rules of GDPR and never to disclose any data to third parties.
We may be require to share your data with a third-party auditing organisations (such as ABC or BPA) so they can verify aggregated statistics about circulation and usage of our products or review our policies, processes and procedures for compliance with relevant standards. You can view their privacy policy by following this
link
. And
link
How is my personal information kept secure?
Primary Times Ltd is committed to protecting the security of your personal information. We will use a variety of security technologies and procedures to protect your personal information from unauthorised access, use or disclosure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
Primary Times Ltd secures the personal information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorised access, use or disclosure. Primary Times Ltd ensures personal information is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol, when transmitted to other websites. We aim to have all our websites using SSL protocol. In the unlikely event of a data breach, we will inform you within the required time frame as set out in our data breach policy.
What are my choices with my personal information?
Primary Times Ltd is committed to providing you with control on how your data is used and processed. You can review, edit or delete your personal information free of charge by contacting us directly at
contact@primarytimes.co.uk
, by telephone or via postal communication to the contact details provided in the section “
Contact Us
”.
Your rights concerning your personal information are:
you can ask about the personal information we hold about you and we will show you, free of charge;
you can request your personal information is corrected and we will update the details and inform you when completed, free of charge;
you can object to your data being processed and we will stop processing your data once no longer required for performance of contract or legal obligations, free of charge;
you can object to receiving direct marketing communications from us and we will stop all communications by channel (email, post, telephone or SMS) or within certain subject areas, free of charge. In addition, any direct marketing communications you receive from us will always include a clear, simple method to 'opt-out' of future communications by channel.
you can ask for your personal information to be erased, once no longer required for performance of contract or legal obligations, which we will complete bar keeping the minimal personal details to ensure we do not contact you again, free of charge;
Any request by you to no longer use your personal information by 3rd parties for commercial data information, will be completed free of charge.
How we use cookies on the Primary Times Ltd websites
Primary Times Ltd use “cookies” to help personalise and enhance your online experience when visiting our website.
A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
You can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. If you elect not to activate the cookie or to later disable cookies, you may still visit our Websites, but your ability to use some features or areas of the website may be limited. For instructions on how to control, disable or delete cookies for your browser, please visit
www.aboutcookies.org
.
Your right to lodge a complaint with ICO
You have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner Office (
www.ico.org.uk
)
Changes to this Policy
Primary Times Ltd will occasionally update this Privacy Policy to reflect company and customer feedback. Primary Times Ltd encourages you to periodically review this policy to be informed of how Primary Times Ltd is protecting your information.
Contact Us
Primary Times Ltd welcomes your comments regarding this Privacy Policy or about Primary Times Ltd ’s privacy practices. Please contact us by email at
contact@primarytimes.co.uk
, or telephone at: 01733 385300, or at:
FAO: Data Protection Officer
Primary Times Limited
6 Swan Court
Forder Way
Hampton
Peterborough, PE7 8GX
3. Advertising
Advertisement Copy is accepted from Advertisers (or authorised Advertising Agencies acting on Advertisers behalf) by the Publisher (www.primarytimes.co.uk a trading style and website of Primary Times Ltd) on the following Standard Terms and Conditions:
All copy and content is subject to approval by the Publisher, whose decision is final.
All copy and content must be honest, legal, decent and truthful, and meet all regulatory requirements.
All copy and content must be the intellectual property of the Advertiser or authorised for use on
www.primarytimes.co.uk
by the intellectual property owner without infringement of copyright. The Advertiser will indemnify the Publisher against any damages and or expenses which the Publisher may incur as a direct or indirect consequence of the Advertisement’s appearance on
www.primarytimes.co.uk
in respect of any claim including but not limited to libel and infringement of copyright or design rights.
The publisher will not be held responsible for consequential loss due to the rejection of material deemed unsuitable, the non-appearance of advertisements, or errors therein. In the event of Publisher error the liability of the Publisher shall be limited to the cost paid for that single Advertisement insertion.
Copy and content is to be supplied by the Advertiser or Agencies by the stated deadline.
Payment terms are strictly 14 days from invoice. All charges from the Publisher are subject to VAT at the rate prevailing upon invoice date. Queries must be raised within seven days of invoice. Supply of copy and/or content are deemed to be sufficient evidence of agreement to pay even where no signed contract exists. Late payments will attract an interest charge 1% above the Bank Base Rate.
Cancellations: must be made not less than four weeks prior to the advised copy deadline date. Failure to comply will result in a charge being made for the full cost of the advertisement space booked.
4. Editorial
All submitted copy and content is subject to approval by the Publisher, whose decision is final.
All submitted copy and content must be honest, legal, decent and truthful, and meet all regulatory requirements.
All submitted copy and content must be the intellectual property of the Submitter or authorised for use on
www.primarytimes.co.uk
, by the intellectual property owner without infringement of copyright. The Submitter will indemnify the Publisher against any damages and or expenses which the Publisher may incur as a direct or indirect consequence of the editorial appearance in the magazine in respect of any claim including but not limited to libel and infringement of copyright or design rights.
5. Competitions
All competitions on this site are provided by a third party (the “Advertiser”) and it is the Advertisers (or their nominated representative) responsibility to ensure the details of the competition displayed are correct. Links are sent to the Advertiser to approve prior to the competition going live. By approving the link the Advertiser is entering into a contract with Primary Times Ltd, to supply the winner(s) with their prize(s) directly as per the competition. The names of the winner(s) will be selected at random by the Publisher and will be passed to the Advertiser within 24 hours of the published closing date of the competition. Any errors or omissions are entirely the responsibility of the Advertiser (or representative).
Prizes are as displayed within a competition, there is no provision to offer cash alternatives or replacements.
When entering competitions on the Website you will be asked to register online first. Please see Privacy Policy above regarding your privacy and how the information registered on the Website is used, and in particular the option to “opt in” if you would like to receive email information from us about events, products and services which may interest you.
Facebook competition winners will be announced on the competition post. Once notified they have won, the winner needs to make contact within 5 days. Failure to do so will result in the prize being forfeited.
6. General Guidelines
By way of general guidance, both advertising and editorial submissions should not:
be likely to cause offence to or be an adverse influence on users of any age
be racist or sexist, sexually explicit, provocative, offensive, blasphemous or abusive
contain swear words or language likely to offend
promote or encourage unlawful, distasteful, or unsafe/dangerous activity
breach a third party’s copyright, or pretend to be from someone else
be inaccurate, out-of-date, malicious, mischievous
be written in anything other than straightforward English
promote political opinion or extol propaganda
Keep up to date
Receive the latest news, events, offers, competitions and so much more!
Sign Up
Officially audited as the UK's biggest circulated magazine
Primary Times
- the definitive what’s on and where to go family guide of activities and
                events for children
                of primary school age. Things to do with your kids during the school holidays including arts and craft
                activities, music and theatre for children, parties, competitions, days out, and family attractions
                along
                with term time drama schools, dance classes,
                after school clubs and sports activities. Things to do at a place near you!
Terms & Conditions
·
© 2025 Primary Times Ltd. All Rights Reserved