Privacy Policy
Welcome to use WallArt (hereinafter referred to as WallArt) applications and related services!
In order to better serve you, please read the "WallArt Terms of Use and Privacy Policy" (hereinafter referred
            to as "this Agreement") carefully. Before you start using WallArt software and related services, please be
            sure to carefully read and fully understand this Agreement, especially the terms involving exemption or
            limitation of liability, terms of rights license and information use, terms of consent to open and use
            special single services, applicable law and dispute resolution terms, etc. If you are under 18 years old,
            please read and fully understand this Agreement in the company of your legal guardian, and download this
            software after obtaining the consent of your legal guardian.
            If you use WallArt software and related services, it is deemed that you have fully understood this Agreement
            and promised to accept the constraints of the Agreement as a party to this Agreement.
1. Scope of Application
1.1 This Agreement is an agreement between you and WallArt Technology Co., Ltd. (hereinafter
                referred to as "the Company") regarding your downloading, installation, registration, login, use
                of WallArt software, and obtaining related services provided by WallArt software. For certain
                services involved in this Agreement, you know and agree to accept the above service content,
                which is deemed to accept that the relevant rights and obligations between the two parties are
                also subject to this Agreement.
1.2 "User" refers to all users who directly or indirectly obtain and use WallArt software and related
                services, including natural persons, legal persons and other organizations. In this Agreement, it is
                called "User" or "You".
1.3 WallArt refers to the client application named English: WallArt, which is legally owned and operated
                by the company. The company provides users with wallpaper-related functions such as wallpaper
                recommendation and work upload.
1.4 The content of this Agreement also includes the relevant agreements, rules and other content about
                WallArt software and related services that the company has released and may continue to release in the
                future. Once the aforementioned content is officially released and delivered to users in an appropriate
                manner (website announcement, system notification, etc.), it will be an integral part of this Agreement,
                and you should also comply with it.
2. Use of WallArt software and related services
2.1 You can use WallArt software and related services by obtaining WallArt client applications or
                visiting WallArt related websites through pre-installation, third-party downloads authorized by the
                Company, etc. If you do not obtain this software from the Company or a third party authorized by the
                Company, the Company cannot guarantee that the unofficial version of WallArt software can be used
                normally, and the losses you suffer as a result have nothing to do with the Company.
2.2 The Company may develop different application software versions for different terminal devices. You
                should obtain, download and install the appropriate version according to the actual device conditions.
2.3 You can use WallArt software and related services or update the WallArt version according to your
                own needs. If you no longer need to use WallArt software and related services, you can uninstall it
                yourself.
2.4 In order to better improve user experience and services, the Company will provide software updates
                or changes from time to time (including but not limited to software modifications, upgrades, function
                enhancements, development of new services, software replacements, etc.). To ensure the security of
                WallArt software and related services and improve user services, after the software and related services
                are updated or part of the service content is updated, the company will remind users in ways including
                but not limited to system prompts, announcements, in-site messages, etc., where possible. Users have the
                right to choose to accept the updated version or service. If the user does not accept, some functions
                will be restricted or cannot continue to be used.
2.5 Unless authorized in writing by the company in advance, you may not make any unauthorized access or
                use of WallArt software and related services in any form, including but not limited to adaptation,
                copying, dissemination, vertical search, mirroring or trading.
                2.6 You understand that you need to prepare terminal devices related to the software and related
                services (such as computers, mobile phones, etc.) by yourself when using WallArt software and related
                services. Once you open the WallArt software in its terminal device, it is deemed that you use WallArt
                software and related services. In order to fully realize all the functions of WallArt, you may need to
                connect its terminal device to the Internet. You understand that you will bear the required expenses
                (such as traffic fees, Internet access fees, etc.).
2.7 The Company grants you the right to use the WallArt software and related services in a personal,
                non-transferable, non-exclusive and non-commercial manner. All other rights not expressly authorized in
                this Agreement remain reserved by the Company. You must obtain the Company's written permission when
                exercising these rights. If the Company does not exercise any of the aforementioned rights, it does not
                constitute a waiver of such rights.
2.8 In order to enable you to better use the WallArt software and related services and to protect the
                security of your account, certain functions and/or certain individual service items require you to
                provide real identity information, register with your real name and log in in accordance with relevant
                national laws and regulations before you can use them.
3. About "Account"
3.1 WallArt provides users with a registration channel. Users have the right to choose a legal character
                combination as their account and set a password that meets security requirements. The account and
                password set by the user are the credentials used by the user to log in and use WallArt software and
                related services as a registered user.
3.2 You understand and promise that the account you set shall not violate national laws and regulations
                and relevant rules of the company. Your account name, avatar, profile and other registration information
                and other personal information shall not contain illegal and bad information. You shall not open an
                account in the name of others (including but not limited to using others' names, titles, font sizes,
                avatars, etc. in a way that is confusing) without their permission. You shall not maliciously register
                WallArt accounts (including but not limited to frequent registration, batch registration of accounts,
                etc.). You must comply with relevant laws and regulations during the registration and use of your
                account, and shall not engage in any behavior that infringes on national interests, damages the
                legitimate rights and interests of other citizens, or is harmful to social morality. The company has the
                right to review the registration information you submit.
3.3 The ownership and related rights of your registered account in WallArt belong to the company. After
                completing the registration procedures, you only have the right to use the account. Your account is
                limited to your personal use. Without the written consent of the Company, you are prohibited from
                giving, lending, renting, transferring, selling or otherwise permitting others to use the account in any
                form. If the Company discovers or has reasonable grounds to believe that the user is not the original
                registrant of the account, the Company has the right to suspend or terminate the provision of services
                to the registered account without notifying you, and has the right to cancel the account without
                assuming any legal liability to the user who registered the account.
3.4 You are responsible for maintaining the security and confidentiality of your personal account and
                password, and assume all legal liability for the activities you engage in under the name of your
                registered account, including but not limited to any data modification, speech publication, payment and
                other operations you perform on WallArt. You should attach great importance to the confidentiality of
                your account and password, and do not disclose your account and password to others under any
                circumstances. If you find that someone else is using your account without permission or any other
                security vulnerability occurs, you should notify the Company immediately.
3.5 If your account loses or forgets your password, you can follow the Company's complaint channel to
                promptly file a complaint to request the retrieval of your account or password. You understand and
                acknowledge that the company's password recovery mechanism only needs to identify the consistency
                between the information filled in the complaint form and the system record information, and cannot
                identify whether the complainant is the real account user. The company specifically reminds you to keep
                your account and password properly. When you are finished using it, you should log out safely. If you do
                not keep it properly, it may lead to account theft or password loss, and you will be responsible for it.
3.6 When registering, using and managing an account, you should ensure the authenticity of the identity
                information filled in when registering the account. Please use real, accurate, legal and valid relevant
                identity certification materials and necessary information (including your name and email address,
                contact number, contact address, etc.) when registering and managing the account. In accordance with the
                relevant laws and regulations of the country, in order to use this software and services, you need to
                fill in real identity information. Please complete the real-name authentication in accordance with the
                relevant laws and regulations, and pay attention to updating the above relevant information in a timely
                manner. If the materials or information you submit are inaccurate, untrue, illegal, or the company has
                reason to suspect that it is wrong, untrue or illegal, the company has the right to refuse to provide
                you with relevant services or you may not be able to use WallArt software and related services or some
                functions will be restricted during use.
3.7 In addition to registering a WallArt account by yourself, users may also authorize the use of their
                legally owned user accounts, including but not limited to other software accounts of the Company, and
                third-party software or platform user accounts registered with real names, to register and log in to use
                WallArt software and related services, except where the third-party software or platform has
                restrictions or prohibitions on this. When users log in with the aforementioned existing accounts, they
                should ensure that the corresponding accounts have been registered with real names, and the relevant
                provisions of this Agreement shall also apply.
3.8 You understand and agree that in addition to logging in and using WallArt software and related
                services, you can also use WallArt accounts to log in and use other software and services provided by
                the Company and its affiliates and controlling companies. When you log in and use the aforementioned
                services with a WallArt account, you shall also be subject to the User Agreement and other terms of the
                agreement of the actual service provider.
3.9 If your account is stolen or lost due to your own reasons or other force majeure, you shall be
                responsible for it and the Company shall not bear any responsibility.
4. Protection of User Personal Information
4.1 The Company and its users are committed to protecting user personal information (i.e., information
                that can identify the user independently or in combination with other information). Protecting user
                personal information is one of the Company's basic principles.
4.2 The Company will use security technologies and other security measures that match the WallArt
                software and related services and establish a sound management system to protect your personal
                information.
4.3 You may review and modify your submitted personal information at any time. You understand and agree
                that for security and identity identification (such as account or password recovery and appeal services,
                etc.), you may not be able to modify the initial registration information and other verification
                information provided during registration.
4.4 We will not share, transfer or publicly disclose your personal information to any third party
                without your permission, except in the following circumstances:
(1) We obtain your explicit authorization and consent in advance;
(2) You share, transfer or disclose your personal information to a third party on your own
                        initiative;
(3) It is directly related to national security, national defense security, public security,
                        public health and public interests;
(4) It is disclosed or provided when necessary in accordance with the requirements of applicable
                        laws, regulations, regulatory procedures, mandatory administrative and judicial requirements, or
                        is directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and judgment execution; We
                        will publicly disclose your personal information based on the requested personal information
                        type and disclosure method. Subject to laws and regulations, when we receive a request for the
                        above-mentioned disclosure of information, we will require the production of corresponding legal
                        documents, such as a subpoena or investigation letter. We will carefully review all requests to
                        ensure that they have a legal basis and are limited to data that administrative and judicial
                        departments have the legal right to obtain for specific investigation purposes;
(5) To the extent permitted by laws and regulations, it is necessary to protect the legitimate
                        rights and interests of other users of WallArt, the company and its affiliates, control the
                        life, property and other legitimate rights of the company, or safeguard the safe and stable
                        operation of rights products or services, such as finding, preventing, and handling illegal
                        activities such as fraud and reducing credit risks; however, this does not include violating the
                        commitments made in this Privacy Policy and disclosing or providing personal information for
                        profit purposes;
(6) The company initiates litigation or arbitration against users to protect its legitimate
                        rights and interests;
(7) In the event of a merger, division, acquisition, asset transfer or similar transaction, if
                        personal information is transferred, the Company will require the new company or organization
                        holding your personal information to continue to be bound by this Privacy Policy. Otherwise, the
                        Company has the right to require the company or organization to obtain your authorization again;
(8) Personal information from legally disclosed information, such as legal news reports,
                        government information disclosure and other channels;
(9) For academic research purposes, or for academic research institutions, when it is necessary
                        to conduct statistical or academic research for the public interest, and when the results of
                        academic research or description are provided to the outside, the personal information contained
                        in the results shall be de-identified;
(10) Other circumstances stipulated by laws and regulations.
4.5 Please be careful not to disclose your various property accounts, bank cards, credit cards,
                third-party payment accounts and corresponding passwords and other important information when using
                WallArt software and related services, otherwise any losses caused by this will be borne by you. You
                should not publish, upload or disseminate personal information on WallArt.
5. User Behavior Guidelines
5.1 User Behavior Requirements
                You shall be responsible for your use of this product and related services. Unless permitted by law or
                with the prior written permission of the Company, you shall not use the WallArt software and related
                services in the following ways:
5.1.1 Use any plug-in, external plug-in, system or third-party tool that is not authorized or
                        permitted by the Company to interfere with, damage, modify or otherwise affect the normal
                        operation of the WallArt software and related services.
5.1.2 Use or target WallArt software and related services to conduct any behavior that endangers
                        computer network security, including but not limited to:
(1) Illegal intrusion into other people's networks, interference with the normal
                                functions of other people's networks, stealing network data and other activities that
                                endanger network security;
(2) Providing programs and tools specifically used to engage in activities that endanger
                                network security, such as intrusion into networks, interference with the normal
                                functions and protective measures of networks, stealing network data;
(3) Knowing that others are engaged in activities that endanger network security,
                                providing them with technical support, advertising promotion, payment settlement and
                                other assistance
(4) Using unauthorized data or accessing unauthorized servers/accounts;
(5) Accessing public computer networks or other people's computer systems without
                                permission and deleting, modifying or adding stored information;
(6) Attempting to explore, scan, test the weaknesses of WallArt systems or networks
                                without permission or other acts that undermine network security;
(7) Attempting to interfere with or undermine the normal operation of WallArt systems or
                                websites, intentionally spreading malicious programs or viruses, and other acts that
                                undermine and interfere with normal network information services;
(8) Forging TCP/IP data packet names or parts of names. 5.1.3 Reverse engineer, reverse
                                assemble, compile or otherwise attempt to discover the source code of the WallArt
                                software.
5.1.4 Malicious registration of WallArt accounts, including but not limited to frequent and
                        batch registration of accounts.
5.1.5 Other acts that violate laws and regulations, this Agreement, the company's relevant rules
                        and infringe upon the legitimate rights and interests of others.
                        In any case, if the company has reason to believe that any of your actions violates or may
                        violate the above agreement, the company may independently judge and handle it, and at any time,
                        it has the right to terminate the provision of services to users without any prior notice and
                        pursue relevant responsibilities.
5.2 Information Content Specifications
5.2.1 After completing the real-name authentication in accordance with the regulations, users
                        can log in to WallArt with a registered account or WallArt cooperation platform account to
                        publish content, post comments, etc.
5.2.2 The company is committed to making post comments a civilized, rational, friendly and
                        high-quality exchange of opinions. While promoting the development of post comments business, we
                        will continue to strengthen the corresponding information security management capabilities,
                        improve the self-discipline of post comments, earnestly fulfill social responsibilities, abide
                        by national laws and regulations, respect the legitimate rights and interests of citizens, and
                        respect social order and good customs.
5.2.3 The content that users comment on, publish, and disseminate should consciously abide by
                        the Constitution, laws, regulations, and public order, and respect social morality, the
                        socialist system, national interests, citizens' legitimate rights and interests, moral
                        standards, and information authenticity. Users shall not produce, copy, publish or disseminate
                        the following information prohibited by laws and administrative regulations:
(1) Opposing the basic principles established by the Constitution;
(2) Endangering national security and leaking state secrets;
(3) Subverting the state power, overthrowing the socialist system, inciting secession
                                and undermining national unity;
(4) Damaging the honor and interests of the state;
(5) Promoting terrorism and extremism;
(6) Promoting ethnic hatred and discrimination and undermining national unity;
(7) Inciting regional discrimination and hatred;
(8) Undermining the state’s religious policies and promoting cults and superstitions;
(9) Fabricating and spreading rumors and false information, disrupting economic and
                                social order and undermining social stability;
(10) Spreading and disseminating violence, obscenity, pornography, gambling, murder,
                                terror or abetting crimes;
(11) Infringing the legitimate rights and interests of minors or damaging the physical
                                and mental health of minors;
(12) Taking photos or recording others without their permission and infringing on their
                                legitimate rights;
(13 ) Contains content that is horrific, violent, bloody, highly dangerous, or harmful
                                to the physical and mental health of the performer or others;
(14) Endangers network security or uses the network to endanger national security,
                                honor, and interests;
(15) Insults or slanders others and infringes upon the legitimate rights and interests
                                of others;
(16) Intimidates or threatens others with violence or conducts human flesh searches;
(17) Involves the privacy, personal information, or materials of others;
(18) Spreads obscene language and damages social order and morality;
(19) Infringes upon the legitimate rights and interests of others, such as privacy,
                                reputation, portrait, and intellectual property rights;
(20) Spreads commercial advertisements, or similar commercial solicitation information,
                                excessive marketing information, and spam;
(21) Comments in languages ​​other than the commonly used languages ​​on this website;
(22) Has nothing to do with the information being commented on;
(23) The information published is meaningless, or character combinations are
                                deliberately used to evade technical review;
(24) Other violations of laws, regulations, policies, and public order and morality,
                                interference Other information about the normal operation of WallArt or the infringement
                                of the legitimate rights and interests of other users or third parties.
5.3 The company has established a public complaint and reporting platform. Users can complain to the
                company and report various illegal and irregular behaviors, illegal dissemination activities, illegal
                and harmful information, etc. in accordance with the company's publicized complaint and reporting
                system. The company will promptly accept and handle user complaints and reports to jointly create a
                clean and healthy online space.
6. WallArt Data Usage Specifications
6.1 Without the written permission of the Company, users shall not, by themselves or authorize, allow or
                assist any third party to perform the following acts on the information content in the WallArt software
                and related services under this Agreement:
(1) Copy, read or use the information content of WallArt software and related services for
                        commercial purposes including but not limited to publicity, increasing reading volume, page
                        views, etc.;
(2) Unauthorized editing, sorting or arranging of the information content of WallArt software
                        and related services and displaying it in channels other than the source page of WallArt
                        software and related services;
(3) Using any form of identification method including but not limited to special logos and
                        special codes, by themselves or assisting a third party to generate adverse effects such as
                        traffic flow, reading volume guidance, transfer or hijacking on the information or content of
                        WallArt software and related services;
(4) Other acts of illegally obtaining the information content of WallArt software and related
                        services. 6.2 With the written permission of the Company, the user's sharing and forwarding of
                        information and content of WallArt software and related services shall also comply with the
                        following specifications:
(1) The crawled, counted, and obtained relevant search hot words, hit rates,
                                classifications, search volume, click-through rates, reading volume and other related
                                data shall not be publicized, provided, or disclosed to any third party in any way
                                without the prior written consent of the Company;
(2) No changes shall be made to the source web pages of WallArt software and related
                                services in any form, including but not limited to the homepage (profile page) links of
                                WallArt software and related services, advertising system links and other entrances, and
                                no obstruction such as blocking, inserting, pop-up windows, etc. shall be made to the
                                display of the source pages of WallArt software and related services;
(3) Safe, effective, and strict measures shall be taken to prevent WallArt software and
                                related services from being used to browse or browse the source pages of WallArt
                                software and related services. The information content of the software and related
                                services is illegally obtained by a third party through any form, including but not
                                limited to "spider" programs;
(4) The relevant data content shall not be used for purposes beyond the scope of the
                                company's written permission, for any form of sales and commercial use, or disclosed to,
                                provided to, or allowed to be used by third parties in any way.
(5) The user's sharing, forwarding, and copying of the information content of WallArt
                                software and related services to any third party shall also comply with other
                                specifications and standards established by the company for this purpose.
7. Breach of Contract
7.1 In response to your violation of this Agreement or other terms of service, the company has the right
                to independently judge and take measures such as advance warning, refusal to publish, immediate
                suspension of information transmission, deletion of replies, short-term prohibition of speaking,
                restriction of part or all functions of the account, and even permanent closure of the account. The
                company has the right to announce the results of the handling and decide whether to resume use based on
                actual circumstances. The company will keep relevant records of suspected violations of laws and
                regulations and suspected crimes, and report to the relevant competent authorities and cooperate with
                the relevant competent authorities in investigation in accordance with the law.
7.2 If you violate this Agreement or other terms of service and cause complaints or lawsuits from third
                parties, you shall bear all legal responsibilities. If the Company and its affiliates and controlling
                companies pay compensation to any third party or are punished by state organs due to your illegal or
                breach of contract behavior, you shall also fully compensate the Company and its affiliates and
                controlling companies for all losses suffered as a result.
7.3 The Company respects and protects the intellectual property rights, reputation rights, name rights,
                privacy rights and other legal rights of legal persons and citizens. You guarantee that the text,
                pictures, videos, audio, links, etc. uploaded when using WallArt software and related services do not
                infringe on the intellectual property rights, reputation rights, name rights, privacy rights and other
                rights and legal rights of any third party. Otherwise, the Company has the right to remove the suspected
                infringing content upon receipt of a notice from the right holder or relevant party. You shall bear all
                legal responsibilities for all claims made by third parties; if the Company and its affiliates and
                controlling companies suffer losses (including economic and goodwill losses) due to your infringement,
                you shall also fully compensate the Company and its affiliates and controlling companies for all losses
                suffered.
8. Changes, interruptions and termination of services
8.1 You understand and agree that the WallArt software and related services provided by the Company are
                provided in accordance with the status quo that can be achieved with existing technology and conditions.
                The company will do its best to provide you with services and ensure the continuity and security of the
                services. You understand that the company cannot foresee and prevent technical and other risks at any
                time, including but not limited to force majeure, viruses, Trojans, hacker attacks, system instability,
                third-party service defects and other various security issues that may cause service interruptions, data
                loss and other losses and risks.
8.2 You understand and agree that the company has the right to modify, interrupt, suspend or terminate
                WallArt software and related services after public notice for the needs of overall service operation,
                without being responsible to users or assuming any compensation liability.
9. Advertising
9.1 During your use of WallArt software and related services, you fully understand and agree that the
                service may include information, advertising or brand promotion services launched by the company for
                individuals or enterprises. You agree that the company has the right to display commercial
                advertisements, promotions or information (including commercial or non-commercial information) related
                to WallArt software and related services and/or third-party suppliers and partners in WallArt software
                and related services.
9.2 If you do not agree with the advertisement, you have the right to choose to close the advertisement
                information; if WallArt pushes notification services, you have the right to close the service or stop
                using WallArt software and related services.
9.3 The company shall perform its advertising and promotion obligations in accordance with the law. You
                shall judge the authenticity and reliability of the advertisement or promotion information and be
                responsible for your own judgment. Except as expressly provided by laws and regulations, the purchase or
                transaction made by you due to the advertisement or promotion information or the damage or loss suffered
                due to the aforementioned content shall be borne by the user, and the company shall not be liable.
10. Intellectual Property
10.1 The intellectual property rights of the content provided by the Company in WallArt software and
                related services (including but not limited to software, technology, programs, web pages, text,
                pictures, images, audio, video, charts, layout design, electronic documents, etc.) belong to the
                Company. The copyright, patent rights and other intellectual property rights of the software relied on
                by the Company in providing this service belong to the Company. Without the permission of the Company,
                no one may use it without authorization (including but not limited to monitoring, copying,
                disseminating, displaying, mirroring, uploading, downloading the content in WallArt software and related
                services through any robot, spider or other program or device).
10.2 You understand and agree that the text, pictures, videos, audio, etc. uploaded and published when
                using WallArt software and related services are original or legally authorized by you. The intellectual
                property rights of any content uploaded and published by you through WallArt belong to you or the
                original copyright owner.
10.3 You acknowledge, understand and agree that the public content uploaded and published by you through
                WallArt (excluding content visible only to the user) is authorized to be used by the Company and its
                affiliates and controlling companies on a global, free, non-exclusive and sublicensable basis, including
                but not limited to the current or other websites, applications, products or terminal devices, etc., and
                the Company and its affiliates and controlling companies are authorized to modify, copy, adapt,
                translate, compile or produce derivative products of the corresponding content.
10.4 You confirm and agree to authorize the Company to protect the rights of the content uploaded and
                published by you in the name of the Company or entrust a professional third party to protect the rights
                of the content that infringes the intellectual property rights you upload and publish. The forms of
                protection include but are not limited to: monitoring infringement, sending protection letters, filing
                lawsuits or arbitration, mediation, settlement, etc. The Company has the right to make decisions on
                protection matters and implement them independently.
                10.5 The Company provides technical support for the development and operation of WallArt, and has full
                rights to all data and information generated during the development and operation of WallArt software
                and related services.
10.6 Please do not use any trademark, service mark, trade name, domain name, website name or other
                significant brand features of the Company, including but not limited to WallArt, etc. (hereinafter
                collectively referred to as "Logos"), without the prior written consent of the Company. You may not
                display, use or apply for trademark registration, domain name registration, etc., the aforementioned
                logos of this clause alone or in combination in any way, nor may you express or imply to others that you
                have the right to display, use, or otherwise handle these logos. You shall bear all legal
                responsibilities for any losses caused to the Company or others due to your violation of this Agreement
                by using the above-mentioned trademarks, logos, etc. of the Company.
10.7 WallArt may review certain wallpapers submitted by users to decide whether to release them
                publicly. Before the final release, the titles of some wallpapers may be modified, translated, or set as
                featured to ensure the quality of the content and optimize the user experience of global users.
10.8 The copyright of all content downloaded by users belongs to the original author. The sharing or
                reprinting of these contents by users is subject to the relevant terms of the original content source,
                and no copyright license is provided.
10.9 Some excellent wallpapers uploaded by users may be officially published to the special topic module
                or recommended on the official social network account.
10.10 Any user can download wallpapers published by others for personal use, but the copyright of these
                wallpapers still belongs to the original author. The downloader should indicate the original author when
                sharing or reprinting, and promise not to use these wallpapers for any commercial purpose. If any user
                infringes on the relevant rights of the original author of the wallpaper, no relevant responsibility
                will be assumed.
10.11 It has the right but no obligation to review the content of wallpapers submitted by users, and has
                the right to deal with information that violates laws and regulations or infringes on rights based on
                relevant evidence and in accordance with laws and regulations such as the Tort Liability Law and the
                Regulations on the Protection of Information Network Communication Rights.
11. Privacy Policy
WallArt attaches great importance to the protection of user information. Before using WallArt software and
            related services, please be sure to read this privacy policy carefully. The company may collect and use your
            relevant information. Once you choose to use WallArt software and related services, it means that you agree
            that the company will collect, use (including commercial cooperation use), and store your relevant
            information in accordance with this privacy policy.
11.1 Scope and method of possible collection of personal information
                When you use WallArt software and related services, we will collect, store and use the following data
                related to your personal information. This information can be used for you to register, log in, bind
                your account, receive verification codes when you retrieve your password, etc. If you do not provide
                relevant information, you may not be able to register as our user or enjoy certain services we provide,
                or you may not be able to achieve the intended effect of the relevant services.
1. Information you provide to us
1.1 The information you fill in and/or provide when you register, log in or use WallArt
                                software and services may include name, mobile phone number, email address, address,
                                etc., which can be used alone or in combination to identify the user's identity. You can
                                choose not to provide one or some information, but this may prevent you from using
                                WallArt's related special services.
1.2 If you log in to WallArt in other ways, we will request your personal information
                                from a third party. We will still ask you to provide personal information that we need
                                but cannot be provided by a third party. If you refuse to provide it, you will not be
                                able to use some of WallArt's services.
2. Information obtained from your use of WallArt software and services
2.1 Log information. When you use WallArt software and services, we will automatically
                                collect your use of our services and save them as relevant network logs. For example,
                                your search query content, IP address, browser type, language used, date and time of
                                access to the service, cookies, web beacon, etc.
2.2 Device or application information. Some mobile devices or applications contain
                                unique application numbers. For example, the configuration information, device version
                                number, device identification code, IP address, etc. provided by the mobile device,
                                browser or other programs you use to access WallArt services.
                                In order to provide better services and improve user experience, WallArt software may
                                record information data such as hardware model, operating system version number,
                                International Mobile Equipment Identity (IMEI), network device hardware address (MAC),
                                etc.
2.3 Location information. When you turn on the device positioning function and use the
                                location-based services provided by WallArt, we will use various technologies for
                                positioning after obtaining your consent so that you can obtain related services without
                                manually entering your own geographic coordinates. These technologies include IP
                                addresses, GPS, and other sensors that can provide relevant information (for example,
                                information about nearby devices, Wi-Fi access points, and base stations may be
                                required). You can stop informing WallArt about your geographic location by turning off
                                the positioning function (most mobile devices allow you to turn off positioning
                                services. For details, we recommend that you contact the service provider or
                                manufacturer of your mobile device).
3. Your information we obtain from third parties
                        We may obtain your account information (avatar, nickname, etc.) that you authorize to share from
                        third parties, and bind your third-party account to your WallArt account after you agree to this
                        Privacy Policy, so that you can log in directly through the third-party account and use our
                        products and/or services. We will use your personal information in accordance with the agreement
                        with the third party and after confirming the legitimacy of the source of personal information,
                        and in compliance with relevant laws and regulations.
4. When you use WallArt's search service, we will collect your query keyword information, device
                        information, etc. In order to provide efficient search services, some of this information will
                        be temporarily stored in your local storage device. Here, you need to note that your keyword
                        information cannot identify your personal identity alone, and it does not belong to your
                        personal information, so we have the right to use it for other purposes; only when your search
                        keyword information is linked to your other information and can identify your personal identity,
                        during the combined use period, we will treat your search keyword information as your personal
                        information, and process and protect it together with your search history in accordance with
                        this privacy policy.
5. When you use the identity authentication service provided by WallArt, we will collect your
                        name, ID number, occupation, relevant identity certification and other information. WallArt will
                        protect your privacy information to the greatest extent. If you do not provide this information,
                        we will not be able to provide relevant services.
                        6. When you participate in WallArt's marketing activities, we will collect your name, mailing
                        address, contact information, bank account number and other information. This information is the
                        basis for you to receive transfers or gifts. If you refuse to provide this information, we will
                        not be able to transfer money or issue gifts to you.
11.2 Storage of Personal Information
1. Location of Information Storage
                        In accordance with the provisions of laws and regulations, we store your personal information
                        collected in China within the territory of the People's Republic of China
2. Storage Period
                        We will only retain your personal information for the period necessary for the purposes
                        described in this Privacy Policy and the time limit required by laws and regulations.
11.3 Use of Cookies and Similar Technologies
1. When you use WallArt products or services, we may use various technologies to collect and
                        store information to provide you with an easier access experience, and may send one or more
                        cookies or anonymous identifiers to your device during this process. This is done to understand
                        your usage habits, save you from repeatedly entering registration information, or help determine
                        the security of your account.
2. When you use WallArt products or services, we may use cookies and similar technologies to
                        collect your information to understand your preferences, conduct consultations or data analysis,
                        improve product services and user experience, improve advertising effectiveness, promptly detect
                        and prevent security risks, and provide better services to users and partners.
3. We will not use cookies for purposes other than those described in this Privacy Policy. You
                        can retain or delete cookies according to your preferences. You can clear all cookies saved in
                        the software or web pages.
11.4 Possible Uses of Personal Information
1. We will use the collected personal information in accordance with the provisions of this
                        Privacy Policy and to implement the functions of our products and/or services.
2. By using the collected information data, WallArt Software will be able to provide you with
                        personalized services as much as possible and improve existing services.
3. By using the collected information data, WallArt Software will provide you with more relevant
                        advertisements instead of general advertisements.
4. When we provide services, it is used for identity authentication, customer service, security
                        prevention, fraud monitoring, archiving and backup purposes to ensure the security of the
                        products and services we provide to you.
5. By using the collected information data, we can better understand how you access and use our
                        services, so as to respond to your personalized needs in a targeted manner, such as language
                        settings, location settings, personalized help services and instructions, etc.
6. In order to ensure the security of the service and help us better understand the operation of
                        our application, we may record relevant information data, such as the frequency of your use of
                        the application, crash data, overall usage, performance data, etc. We will not combine the
                        information we store in the analysis software with any personally identifiable information you
                        provide in the application.
7. In order to give you a better experience, improve our services or other purposes you agree
                        to, we may use the information data collected through a certain service for our other services
                        in aggregating information data or in a personalized way, subject to the relevant laws and
                        regulations. For example, the information collected when you use one of our services may be used
                        in another service to provide you with specific content or to show you information related to
                        you that is not generally pushed. If we provide corresponding options in the relevant services,
                        you can also authorize us to use the information provided and stored by the service for our
                        other services.
8. After collecting your personal information, we will de-identify the data through technical
                        means, and the de-identified information will not be able to identify the subject. Please
                        understand and agree that in this case we have the right to use the de-identified information;
                        and without disclosing your personal information, we have the right to analyze and commercially
                        utilize the user database.
9. Please note that all personal information you provide when using our products and/or services
                        will continue to be authorized for us to use during your use of our products and/or services
                        unless you delete it or refuse us to collect it through system settings. After you cancel your
                        account, we will stop providing you with products or services, delete your personal information
                        at your request, or anonymize it, except as otherwise provided by laws and regulations.
                        10. We will collect statistics on the use of our products and/or services, and may share these
                        statistics with the public or third parties to show the overall usage trends of our products
                        and/or services. However, these statistics do not contain any of your personal identification
                        information.
11.5 Possible ways to share personal information
                Except for the following circumstances, we and our affiliates and controlled companies will not share
                your personal information with any third party without your consent:
1. As our business continues to develop, we and our affiliates may conduct mergers,
                        acquisitions, asset transfers or similar transactions, and your personal information may be
                        transferred as part of such transactions. We will notify you before the transfer, and we will
                        continue to protect or require the new controller to continue to protect your personal
                        information in accordance with laws and regulations and standards not lower than those required
                        by this Privacy Policy.
2. Without your permission, we will not share, transfer or publicly disclose your personal
                        information to any third party, except in the following circumstances:
(1) We have obtained your explicit authorization and consent in advance;
(2) You share, transfer or disclose your personal information to a third party on your
                                own initiative;
(3) It is directly related to national security, national defense security, public
                                security, public health and public interests;
(4) It is disclosed or provided when necessary in accordance with the requirements of
                                applicable laws, regulations, regulatory procedures, mandatory administrative and
                                judicial requirements, or is directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution,
                                trial and judgment execution; We will publicly disclose your personal information based
                                on the requested type of personal information and disclosure method. Subject to
                                compliance with laws and regulations, when we receive a request for the above-mentioned
                                disclosure of information, we will require the production of corresponding legal
                                documents, such as a subpoena or investigation letter. We will carefully review all
                                requests to ensure that they have a legal basis and are limited to data that
                                administrative and judicial departments have the legal right to obtain for specific
                                investigation purposes;
(5) To the extent permitted by laws and regulations, it is necessary to protect the
                                legitimate rights and interests of other users of WallArt, the company and its
                                affiliates, control the life, property and other legitimate rights of the company, or
                                safeguard the safe and stable operation of rights products or services, such as finding,
                                preventing, and handling illegal activities such as fraud and reducing credit risks;
                                however, this does not include violating the commitments made in this Privacy Policy and
                                disclosing or providing personal information for profit purposes;
(6) The company initiates litigation or arbitration against users to protect its
                                legitimate rights and interests;
(7) In the event of a merger, division, acquisition, asset transfer or similar
                                transaction, if personal information is transferred, the Company will require the new
                                company or organization that holds your personal information to continue to be bound by
                                this Privacy Policy. Otherwise, the Company has the right to require the company or
                                organization to obtain your authorization and consent again;
(8) Personal information from legally disclosed information, such as legal news reports,
                                government information disclosure and other channels;
(9) For academic research purposes, or for academic research institutions, when it is
                                necessary to conduct statistical or academic research for the public interest, and when
                                the results of academic research or description are provided to the outside, the
                                personal information contained in the results shall be de-identified;
(10) Other circumstances stipulated by laws and regulations.
11.6 Personal Information Security Protection
1. We attach great importance to information security. We strive to take various reasonable
                        physical, electronic and management security measures to protect your personal information and
                        prevent your information from being improperly used or unauthorized access, use or leakage.
2. We will use encryption technology, anonymization and other means to protect your personal
                        information; we will use trusted protection mechanisms to prevent personal information from
                        being maliciously attacked.
3. We have established a special security department, security management system and data
                        security process to ensure the security of your personal information. We adopt a strict data use
                        and access system and conduct security audits on data and technology. We formulate emergency
                        response plans. For security incidents such as personal information leakage, we will immediately
                        activate the emergency response plan to prevent the expansion of security incidents.
4. Although the above reasonable and effective measures have been taken and the standards
                        required by relevant laws and regulations have been complied with, please understand that due to
                        technical limitations and various possible malicious means, in the Internet industry, even if we
                        do our best to strengthen security measures, it is impossible to always guarantee 100% security
                        of information. You need to understand that the system and communication network you use to
                        access our services may have problems due to factors beyond our control. Therefore, you should
                        take active measures to protect the security of personal information, such as: using complex
                        passwords, changing passwords regularly, and not disclosing your account password and other
                        personal information to others.
5. Once a user information security incident (leakage, loss, etc.) occurs, we will promptly
                        inform you in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations: the basic situation and
                        possible impact of the security incident, the disposal measures we have taken or will take,
                        suggestions for you to prevent and reduce risks on your own, and remedial measures for you, etc.
                        We will promptly inform you of the relevant circumstances of the incident in the form of push
                        notifications, emails, letters, SMS, etc. When it is difficult to inform the user information
                        subject one by one, we will take reasonable and effective measures to issue an announcement.
6. At the same time, we will also report the handling of user information security incidents in
                        accordance with the requirements of the regulatory authorities.
                        Please be aware that the personal information protection measures provided by WallArt only apply
                        to the WallArt platform. Once you leave WallArt and browse or use other websites, services and
                        content resources, we have no ability and obligation to protect any personal information you
                        submit on websites other than WallArt, regardless of whether you log in or browse the above
                        websites based on WallArt's links or guidance.
11.7 Management of Personal Information
                We attach great importance to your concern for personal information and do our best to protect your
                rights to access, correct, delete and withdraw your consent to your personal information so that you
                have sufficient ability to protect your privacy and security.
1. After you complete the account registration of WallArt and conduct reasonable and necessary
                        identity verification, you can review, modify and delete your personal information submitted to
                        WallArt. Generally, you can view, modify, and delete the information you submit at any time, but
                        for security and identity identification (such as number appeal service), you may not be able to
                        modify some of the initial registration information submitted during registration.
2. You have the right to update or correct your personal information on your own. Before you
                        update or correct your information, we will first verify your identity, and then correct and
                        update your information.
3. You can apply to cancel your account in our products. Before you cancel your account, we will
                        verify your personal identity, security status, device information, etc. Your cancellation of
                        your account is irreversible. Once you cancel your account, WallArt will stop providing you with
                        products and/or services, and delete all information about your account in accordance with your
                        request, unless otherwise provided by laws and regulations.
4. If your information is in any of the following circumstances, we may not be able to respond
                        to your request in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations:
4.1 related to national security and national defense security;
4.2 related to public security, public health, major public interests, etc.;
4.3 related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and execution of judgments,
                                etc.;
4.4 there is sufficient evidence that you have subjective malice or abuse of rights;
4.5 responding to your request will cause serious damage to the legitimate rights and
                                interests of you or other individuals and organizations;
4.6 involving commercial secrets;
4.7 other circumstances stipulated by laws and regulations.
11.8 This Privacy Policy does not apply to the following situations:
1.1 Information collected by third-party services (including any third-party applications and
                        websites) accessed through WallArt software and services;
1.2 Information collected by other companies, institutions or organizations that provide
                        advertising services in WallArt software and services.
2. Our services may include or link to information or other services (including websites)
                        provided by third parties. Such third-party services may be operated by relevant third parties.
                        Your use of such third-party services (including any personal information you provide to such
                        third parties) is subject to the third party's terms of service and privacy terms (not this
                        Privacy Policy), and you need to read their terms carefully. Please properly protect your
                        personal information and provide it to others only when necessary. This privacy policy applies
                        only to the information we collect, store, use, share, and disclose, and does not apply to any
                        services provided by any third party or the information use rules of any third party. We do not
                        assume any responsibility for any third party's use of the information provided by you.
12. Disclaimer
12.1 You understand and agree that WallArt software and related services may be affected or interfered
                by various factors, and the company does not guarantee (including but not limited to):
12.1.1 The company is fully suitable for the user's use requirements;
12.1.2 The company is not disturbed, timely, safe, reliable or error-free; any software,
                        services or other materials obtained by the user through the company meet the user's
                        expectations;
12.1.3 Any errors in the software will be corrected.
12.2 For network information, account passwords, advertisements or promotions involving borrowing or
                other property, users should be cautious and make their own judgments. Based on the above reasons, the
                company does not assume any direct, indirect, incidental, special, derivative or punitive compensation
                liability for the loss of profits, business reputation, data or other tangible or intangible losses you
                suffer.
12.3 Users understand and agree that in the process of using WallArt software and related services, they
                may encounter force majeure and other factors (force majeure refers to objective events that cannot be
                foreseen, overcome or avoided), including but not limited to government actions, natural disasters,
                network reasons, hacker attacks, wars or any other similar events. In the event of force majeure, the
                company will strive to repair it in time as soon as possible, but the user agrees that the company will
                not be responsible for losses caused to the user due to force majeure.
12.4 The company obtains the right to deal with illegal and illegal content in accordance with the
                provisions of this agreement. This right does not constitute the company's obligations or commitments.
                The company cannot guarantee timely discovery of illegal acts or corresponding treatment.
12.5 The user reads, understands and agrees: Regarding the services of this agreement, the company does
                not provide any kind of express or implied warranty or condition, including but not limited to
                commercial merchantability, fitness for a specific purpose, etc. You must bear the corresponding risks
                for your use of the software and related services of this agreement.
12.6 The user reads, understands and agrees that this agreement is to ensure compliance with national
                laws and regulations, maintain public order and good customs, and protect the legitimate rights and
                interests of others. The company makes every effort to make judgments in accordance with relevant laws
                and regulations within its capabilities, but does not guarantee that the company's judgment is
                completely consistent with the judgment of judicial and administrative agencies. If the consequences
                arise, the user has understood and agreed to bear them.
13. Terms of Use for Minors
13.1 If the user is a minor under the age of 18, he/she should read this agreement and use WallArt
                software and related services under the supervision, guidance and consent of his/her guardian.
13.2 The company attaches great importance to the protection of personal information of minors. When
                filling in personal information, minor users should strengthen their awareness of personal protection
                and be cautious. Please use WallArt software and related services correctly under the guidance of their
                guardians.
13.3 Minor users understand that if you violate laws and regulations and the contents of this agreement,
                you and your guardian shall bear all consequences caused by this in accordance with the law.
13.4 Special tips for minor users:
13.4.1 When using this software and related services, teenagers should learn to use the Internet
                        correctly within a reasonable range under the supervision and guidance of their guardians, avoid
                        being addicted to the virtual network space, and develop good Internet habits.
13.4.2 Young users must abide by the "National Youth Network Civilization Convention":
(1) Be good at online learning and do not browse bad information;
(2) Be honest and friendly in communication and do not insult or defraud others;
(3) Enhance self-protection awareness and do not date netizens casually;
(4) Maintain network security and do not disrupt network order;
(5) Be beneficial to physical and mental health and do not indulge in virtual time and
                                space.
13.5 In order to better protect the privacy rights and interests of minors, the company reminds users to
                be cautious in posting content containing minors' materials. Once posted, it is deemed that the user
                agrees that this software and related services display the information, portraits, sounds, etc. of
                minors, and allows the company to use and process such content related to minors in accordance with this
                agreement.
                The copyright of this agreement is owned by the company, and the company reserves all rights to
                interpret and modify it.
If you have any questions about our app, please contact us:
15255622821@139.com