Products
OpsNow360
Integrated solutions powered by OpsNow
OpsNow FinOps
Manage and optimize cloud infrastructure costs
OpsNow Security
Multi-cloud secure geometry management solution
AlertNow
Unified incident management solution for cloud, on-premises, and more
IoTOps
All-in-one IoT solution to manage large volumes of data from IoT devices
OpsNow Insight
Explore your cloud health based on easy questions
솔루션
이용 사례
클라우드 비용 최적화
클라우드 리소스 Right-Sizing
Tag 관리
보안 취약성 관리
클라우드 구성 오류 감지
통합 알림 발송
산업별 적용
금융
엔터프라이즈
리테일
Resources
Blog
News about cloud and it trends
고객 사례
OpsNow를 도입한 고객사 사례 모음
Resource Center
Free e-books, white papers, and reports
Help Center
Using OpsNow services
이벤트 & 세미나
클라우드 관련 다양한 이벤트와 세미나
Consulting
Pricing
Company
About Us
파트너
News
Contact Us
Sign In
Sign Up
Sign Out
Go to App
한국어
English
Sign In
Sign Out
Sign Up
Go to App
아메리카
United States  (English)
Canada (English)
Brasil (English)
América Latina (English)
한국, 아시아, 퍼시픽 및 일본
한국 (한국어)
日本 (日本語)
Australia/NZ (English)
유럽, 중동 및 아프리카
United Kingdom (English)
Middle East (English)
Europe (English)
United Kingdom (English)
Privacy Policy
August 14, 2024
‘OpsNow Inc.’ (hereinafter referred to as “OpsNow”)has the following policy to protect the personal information of subject of information and manage grievances related to such personal information in accordance with Article 30 of the Personal Information Protection Act [of the Republic of Korea].
Article 1 (Items, Purpose, Retention Period of Managing Personal Information)
① OpsNow shall manage personal information for the following purposes. The processed personal information will not be used for any purpose other than the followings, if the purpose of usage is changed, necessary measures such as obtaining separate consent in accordance with Article 18 of the Personal Information Protection Act will be implemented.
② OpsNow shall process, retain and then delete personal information within the period of retention and use of personal information in accordance with the law or agreed upon when collecting personal information from the information subject.
③ If personal information is unnecessary for instance, retention period has elapsed, the purpose of management is achieved or etc., personal information is promptly destroyed without delay.
④ Management of personal information and retention period are as follows:
Category
Collected Personal Information Items
Purpose
Retention Period
OpsNow Website
Customer inquiry
(Contact Us)
[Prerequisite] Inquiry contents, Name, Company name, Email, Department Phone number
Answering for the customer inquiry, Processing of service-related complaints, and notification of processing results
3 years from the date of collection
OpsNow Newsletter Subscription
[Prerequisite] Name, Company name, Email
Sending promotional newsletters
Until consent is withdrawn
Contents Download
[Prerequisite] Name, Title, Department, Company name, Phone number, Email
Providing promotional technical contents
6 months from the date of collection
Promotion(Event), Application for Free Consulting
[Prerequisite] Name, Title, Company name, Department, Email, Phone number, Industry group, Company size (the number of employees)
[Optional] Inquiry contents
Promotional education(Seminar, Webinar) or Answering for the customer inquiry
1 year from the date of collection
Customers who consent to promotion and marketing
[Prerequisite] Phone number or Email (One of them or more)
Announcement of new services, products, events and promotions
Until consent is withdrawn
OpsNow Services
User Information
[Prerequisite] Email, Name, Company name, Password, Language, Phone number
Providing OpsNow service, Identity verification
When withdrawing membership
* Trial members: 1 year from the end of the trial
** 3 months for the incomplete registration information
Customer Support
[Prerequisite] Email, Company name, Contents of request
OpsNow service technical support, handling service-related complaints
3 years from the date of collection
Article 2 (Providing Personal Information to Third Parties)
OpsNow shall process personal information only within the scope specified in Article 1 (Items, Purpose, Retention Period of Managing Personal Information), and only provide personal information to the third parties in cases that fall under Articles 17 and 18 of the Personal Information Protection Act, including the consent of the information subject and special provisions of the law.
Article 3 (Consignment of Personal Information Management)
① OpsNow is transferring personal information of users to other entrusted companies to provide smooth service and to manage inquiries from users.
Entrusted Company
Purpose of Transfer
Retention Period
Sparkplus
Office management
When withdrawing membership or until the end of the contract of consignment
Bespin Global
Product distribution
NHN KCP
Payment service
PortOne
Payment service
Freshworks Inc.
Operating a customer inquiry and guidance management platform
salesforce.com inc
Operating CRM platform
Infobip
Notification service
Twilio
Notification service
Benepia
Operation of welfare mall
Hunet
Operation of employee training
② OpsNow is transferring personal information of users to overseas to provide smooth service and to manage inquiries from users.
Entrusted Company
Contact Info
Purpose of Transfer
Items of Personal Information Transferred
Relocating Country
Date of Entrustment and Method
Personal Information Usage Period
Salesforce.com inc.
Data Protection Officer / privacy@
salesforce.com​​​​
Promotional and marketing management tools
Name, Company name, Industry field, Email, Department, Title, Phone number, Company size (the number of employees), Inquiry contents
Japan
Transmission over the network at the time of service use
Until consent is withdrawn
Freshworks Inc.
Data Protection Officer / dpo@
freshworks.com
OpsNow360 Service Technical Support, Handling service-related complaints
Email, Company name, Phone number, Contents of technical support request
USA
Transmission over the network at the time of service use
Until the end of the consignment
Infobip
Personal Information Management Team / ritesh.menon@
infobip.com
AlertNow Notification Service SMS / Used for Kakao Function Tool
Phone Number
UK
Transmission over the network at the time of service use
Until the end of the consignment
Twilio
Integrated support team / support@
twilio.com
AlertNow Notification Service SMS / Used for Kakao Function Tool
Phone Number
USA
Transmission over the network at the time of service use
Until the end of the consignment
③ OpsNow, in accordance with Article 26 of the PERSONAL INFORMATION PROTECTION ACT, specifies the matters upon conclusion of consignment agreement, such as prohibition of personal information management for purposes other than the consigned work, technical and managerial protection measures, restriction of re-consignment, management and supervision of entrusted company, and liability including damages in contract documents, etc., and also, supervises whether the entrusted company manages personal information safely.
④ If the contents of the consignment work or the consignee is changed, BESPIN GLOBAL will disclose it through this privacy policy without delay.
Article 4 (Destruction of Personal Information)
① OpsNow shall destroy the relevant personal information without delay when personal information becomes unnecessary, such as when the personal information retention period has passed or the purpose of processing has been achieved.
② If personal information needs to continue to be retained in accordance with other laws even though purpose of management is achieved or the retention period has elapsed agreed by subject of information, such personal information is transferred to a separate database (DB) or preserved to other storage location.
Related Acts
Retention Items
Retention Period
COMMERCIAL ACT
Commercial documents and important documents related to business
10 years
Slip and similar documents
5 years
ACT ON THE CONSUMER PROTECTION IN ELECTRONIC COMMERCE, ETC.
Records of contracts and subscription withdrawals, etc.
5 years
Records of payments and supply of goods, etc.
5 years
Records of customer complaints or dispute resolution
3 years
Records of display/advertisement
6 months
FRAMEWORK ACT ON NATIONAL TAXES
Books and supporting documents for all transactions stipulated by tax laws
5 years
PROTECTION OF COMMUNICATIONS SECRETS ACT
Records of service visit
3 months
③ Procedure and method of personal information destruction are as follows.
A. Destruction procedure
OpsNow selects such personal information which cause for destruction occurred, and destroys the personal information with approval from the personal information protection officer of OpsNow.
B. Destruction method
Personal information in electronic files is deleted using technical methods that prevent it from being regenerated.Personal information printed on paper is shredded by a shredder or destroyed by incineration.
Article 5 (Rights and Obligations of Subject of Information and Legal Representatives and Its Exercise Method)
① Subject of information can view, correct, and delete their personal information in the settings menu, and request to view their personal information.
② Subject of information may request suspension of processing of personal information at any time, and reject the request for suspension of processing in cases where there are special provisions in the law.
③ Subject of information may withdraw consent to the collection and use of personal information at any time by withdrawing membership.
④ If the information subject is under the age of 14, the child’s legal representative has the right to view and update the child’s personal information, and to revoke his/her consent to the collection and use of the child’s personal information.
⑤ Subject of information and their legal representatives can go to ‘Settings' menu to personally handle their rights or go to ‘Contact Us’ to send a request. The details provided to third parties according to the user's service use activities and consent details are available on the Article 3 (Consignment of Personal Information Management)’ of this document where they may withdraw their consent.
⑥ The rights of subject of information may be restricted in accordance with Article 35 (4) and Article 37 (2) of the PERSONAL INFORMATION PROTECTION ACT.
⑦ Correction and deletion of personal information shall not be requested if the personal information is specified as subject to be collected in other laws.
⑧ OpsNow confirms whether the person who requested for reading, correction or deletion, or suspension of management is the person himself/herself or a legitimate representative.
Article 6 (Measures to ensure the safety of personal information)
OpsNow takes the following measures to ensure safety of personal information.
① Conducting of regular self-audits
OpsNow regularly conducts self-audits to ensure safety related personal information management.
② Minimization and training of employees managing personal information
OpsNow implements measures to manage personal information by designating employees who manage personal information and minimizing them by limiting to the persons in charge.
③ Establishment and implementation of internal management plans
OpsNow establishes and implements internal management plans for safe management of personal information.
④ Technical measures against hacking, etc.
OpsNow installs a security program, periodically conducts updates and maintenance, installs system in an external-access-controlled-area, and technically and physically monitors and blocks it to prevent leakage and damage of personal information by hacking or computer virus, etc.
⑤ Encryption of personal information
Personal information of the user and password are stored and managed after encryption, such that they are only known to the member. Separate security features such as the file and transmission data encryption or use of file lock function are used for important data.
⑥ Retention and prevention of forgery and alteration of access logs
OpsNow retains and manages the logs of access to personal information management system for at least one year and uses the security function to prevent forgery, alteration, theft and loss of access logs.
⑦ Restriction on access to personal information
OpsNow takes necessary measures to control access to personal information through granting, modifying, and deleting access rights to the database system that manages personal information, and also controls unauthorized external access by using intrusion prevention systems.
⑧ Usage of locks for document security
Documents and supplementary storage media with personal information are kept in a safe place with lock.
⑨ Access control to unauthorized persons
OpsNow has a separate physical storage area that stores personal information, and access control procedures are established and operated for it.
Article 7 (Matters Concerning Installation, Operation and Rejection of Automatic Personal Information Collection Devices)
① OpsNow uses ‘cookies’ that store and retrieve usage information at any time to provide users with individually customized services.
② A cookie is a small amount of information sent by the server (http) used in the operation of the website to the user’s computer browser, and it is also stored on hard disk of user’s computer.
A. Purpose of use of cookie: To analyze the access and usage patterns of various services and websites accessed by users, popular search keywords, and whether to use secure connections and other contents to provide users with optimized information.
B. Cookie installation, operation and rejection:
Browser
Settings
Chrome
At the top right, click More > Settings > Privacy and security > Third-party cookies​​​​
Edge
Settings and more > Settings > Site permissions > Cookies and site data​​​​
Safari
Safari >Safari > Privacy & Security​​​​
* If you refuse to store cookies, you may experience difficulties using customized services.
③ To provide better services to information subjects, we use Google Analytics, a web log analysis tool provided by Google, Salesforce, and Pixel, a web log collection tool provided by KaKao. Google Analytics, Salesforce, and Kakao Pixel collect behavioral information about our website users through cookies, and in this case, only non-identifying information that cannot personally identify users is collected. Nevertheless, users can refuse the use of cookies by Google Analytics, Salesforce, and Kakao Pixel by installing add-ons or refusing cookie settings in their web browser.
– Installation of Google Analytics blocking browser add-on (https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout)
– Change your advertising settings in Salesforce or utilize the opt-out program (https://optout.aboutads.info/?c=2&lang=EN)
– Kakao cookie use rejection settings (Internet Explorer: Tools → Internet Options → Privacy/Chrome: Settings → Privacy and Security)
Article 8 (Chief Privacy Officer)
① OpsNow has designated the Chief Privacy Officer as below to take responsibility for the work related to personal information management and management of grievance of subject of information related to personal information management and remedy of damage.
▶ Chief Privacy Officer
Name
Deasik Park
Position
CPO
Job Title
Head of a department
Contact Information
privacy@opsnow.com
※ You will be connected to the personal information protection department.
② You may contact the Chief Privacy Officer and Privacy Protection department regarding any inquiries about personal information protection, grievance management, damages remedies, etc. arising out of usage of OpsNow’s services (or business). OpsNow will answer and manage inquiries of the subject of information without delay.
Article 9 (Request for Viewing Personal Information)
Subject of information may file a request for access to personal information pursuant to Article 35 of the PERSONAL INFORMATION ACT to the following departments. OpsNow will make every effort to promptly manage access requests for personal information of subject of information.
▶ Privacy Protection Department
Department
PM Team
Contact Information
privacy@opsnow.com
Article 10 (Remedies for Infringement of Rights and Interests)
Subject of information may apply for dispute resolution or consultation to the Personal Information Dispute Mediation Committee or the Korea Internet & Security Agency’s Personal Information Infringement Report Centre in order to seek remedies for personal information infringement. Please contact the following organizations when reporting and consulting other personal information infringements.
1. Personal Information Dispute Mediation Committee: (without area code) 1833-6972 (www.kopico.go.kr)
2. Personal Information Infringement Report Centre: (without area code) 118 (privacy.kisa.or.kr)
3. Supreme Prosecutor’s Office: (without area code) 1301 (www.spo.go.kr)
4. Korean National Police Agency: (without area code) 182 (cyberbureau.police.go.kr)
The head of a public institution may respond to requests pursuant to the provisions of Article 35 (Access to Personal Information), Article 36 (Rectification or Erasure of Personal Information), and Article 37 (Suspension of Processing of Personal Information, etc.) of the Personal Information Protection Act. A person whose rights or interests have been infringed due to a disposition or omission may request an administrative trial in accordance with the provisions of the Administrative Appeals Act.
※ For more information about administrative trials, please refer to the website of the Central Administrative Appeals Commission (www.simpan.go.kr).
Article 11 (Change of Privacy Policy)
① This privacy policy takes effect as of August 14, 2024.
② You can view the previous privacy policy through below.
First version, no previous history