Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us. We design our products and services with your privacy in mind. This privacy policy explains how we treat the data we collect and receive. By using our service, you consent to our privacy policy.
1. Information We Collect
Personal Data That You Provide Us
We collect personal data from you when you voluntarily provide the information such as when you register for access to, or use the services. We use the personal data to provide the services, and to monitor the use of such services. These include your email address, password, profile information that you provide for your user profile, user created skins, communication between you and us, or between the users.
Non-Identifiable Data
We may collect aggregate statistics about our customers for statistical analysis to improve quality of the product. These statistics are collected passively, and will not include any personally identifying information.
2.Third Party Disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personal data. We may share it with the affiliated organizations that need to know the information in order to provide the service, and that have agreed not to disclose it to others. We may also release your information when we believe it is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our service policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property, or safety.
3. Rights You Have Over Your Data
If you have an account, you can request to receive an exported file of the your personal data that we hold, including data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes. Also, any information that we have may remain in backup storage for some period of time after the requests. If you would like to make a request, please send it to
contact@africaunrise.com
.
4. Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update this policy from time to time if our practices change or if changes in the law require us to do so. In the event that we make changes, we will post notice of the new Policy from the privacy link on the App Store page.
Regarding Native Ads
We use Facebook Audience Network for most of our native ads. You can use the following link to manage the relevant ad settings.
https://m.facebook.com/ads/ad_choices
Contact Us
If you have any questions or feedback about the privacy policy, please also feel free to contact us at
contact@africasunrise.com
.
Update/Effective Date
This Terms of Service was last updated on September 30, 2021.