Login / Register
Contact us
About us
Privacy Policy
Great Game Products, LLC
Privacy Policy
This policy was last updated on March 2024
Great Game Products, LLC and our development, management, and support teams respect the privacy of everyone who uses our applications, visits our website, or enjoys any related services that we may provide you (“
Services
”).
This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, process, and store information about you that is personally identifiable, such as your name, address, telephone number, or email address (“
Personal Information
” or “
data
”).
By accessing or using our Services you consent to us collecting, processing, storing, and sharing your Personal Information in the ways set out in this Privacy Policy.
1. Who We Are
. We are a company called Great Game Products, LLC (“GGP”), registered in Delaware and headquartered at 9030 West Sahara Avenue, #710 – Las Vegas, NV 89117.
2. Information Collection and Use
. We may collect and process the following data about you:
Information that you provide us with when you fill in forms when using our Services, or when you create an account with us;
Details of your use of our Services and the resources that you access (for example, information about how and when you play our games or visit our websites, what device you use to access our Services;
If you contact us or respond to messages and communications that we send to you, we may keep a record of that correspondence;
Your interactions with us on our social media channels; and
Information we collect via cookies, as explained further below.
3. Cookies
. We use cookies and other similar technologies. Cookies are small files that store information on your computer or mobile device. We may use cookies and similar technologies:
To allow us to recognize you and your device, for example, by identifying your IP address;
To allow our Services to interact with a third-party social network or platform (where you have chosen to allow such interaction);
To allow our payment processors to process your payment instructions;
To provide you with more customized Services, for example, to provide our Services in the correct language;
To obtain data that will allow us to understand how people are using our Services so that we can improve them.
To provide the information required by Apple, Google and other Internet and data-storage service providers in the context of networking, score retention, and other game functions that are supported by such service providers.
By accessing our website(s) or using our Services you consent to our use of cookies according to this Privacy Policy. You can disable cookies through your web or phone browser settings, but you may find you are not able to enjoy all the features of our Services if you do so.
4. Payment Information
. When you purchase Services on our websites, we may collect certain payment information from you on behalf of our payment service providers. This information is encrypted and temporarily stored in an unreadable format by GGP. When you purchase items via our apps (such as those available in the App Store or Google Play) we do not collect or store any payment information from you.
5. Use of Personal Information.
You agree that we (or a supplier or group company acting on our behalf and only under our instructions) may use your Personal Information for:
Maintaining temporary data about games-in-progress.
Contacting you, for example as part of customer service or to send you updates about our Services;
Managing your account and relationship with us, and improving your experience when you use our Services;
Research, surveying, and engage with you, for example by sending you communications (including by email) for these purposes;
Marketing and promotion of our Services or related products, for example, sending you communications (including by email) for these purposes on our or a third party’s behalf. For example, we might send you information about local or online bridge contests or tournaments, or merchandise relating to bridge or our Services. If you do not want us to use your data in this way, please let us know by contacting us at help@greatgameproducts.com;
To create reports, analyses, or similar services for use by us for research or business intelligence, for example, to track potential problems or trends with our Services;
Preventing cheating, crime, or fraud. We may also be required to pass your information to organizations involved in crime and fraud prevention;
To provide tax invoices where we are required to do so by law or when requested by you; and
As otherwise expressly set out in this Privacy Policy or as required by law.
6. Shared Personal Information
. We will only share your data with third parties (for example, our group companies or suppliers):
With your consent (including as set out in this Privacy Policy);
As reasonably necessary to provide the Services to you (for example, by providing your Personal Information to suppliers used to fulfill the Services or to communicate with you);
Where it is necessary to carry out your instructions (for example, to process a payment instruction we must provide your Personal Information to our payment processors);
Where your data is on an anonymous and aggregated basis, meaning you could not be personally identified from it;
When you submit information as part of a competition or otherwise interact with our social media channels (for example, by providing a testimonial about one of our Services) we may publish the information you submitted, alongside your name and home country on our website and social media channels;
To comply with any legal obligation, or to enforce or apply our terms and conditions and/or any other agreement with you; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of GGP, our users, or others, or as we reasonably believe is permitted by law or regulation;
If there is a sale of the assets of GGP, or as a result of a change of control of GGP, or in preparation for any of these events, provided that any third party to which GGP transfers or sells GGP’s assets will have the right to continue to use the personal and other information that you provide to us only in the manner set out in this Privacy Policy. We will not sell or rent your information to any third party outside of these circumstances.
7. Third-Party Networks/Platforms
. You may allow our Services to interact with a third-party social network or platform, which will provide information about you to us. These applications or websites are created and maintained by a third party that is not a part of or controlled by GGP. You should ensure that you read their terms of service and privacy policies to understand how they treat your data and what data they might share with us.
You understand that when you allow our Services to interact with any third-party social network or platform, we may share data about you with your contacts (and vice versa) so you can enjoy playing socially or in tournaments (the “Social Data“). This Social Data includes your name, your social media profile picture, and your scores or progress in our games.
You can make changes to what data a third-party social network or platform shares with us or stop our Services from interacting with that social network or platform by adjusting your settings with that third-party provider, however, you may find you are not able to enjoy all of the same features of our Services.
Users of our Services may be automatically assigned a profile visible to other users. Your profile may include the Social Data described above, game achievements or other gameplay information, and details of which other GGP users have viewed your profile. Your profile will be visible to other users of our services. If you choose to view another individual’s profile, that individual and other users may know that you have visited them because some of your Social Data and a link to your profile may be displayed on that individual’s profile. They may also be able to visit your profile.
8. Data Retention
. We will retain your Personal Information for as long as is necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected or as needed to provide you with Services. We may retain your Personal Information after you have closed any account you have with us or after we have ceased providing Services to you if retention of your Personal Information is reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations, meet regulatory requirements, resolve disputes between members, prevent fraud, cheating or abuse, or enforce this Privacy Policy or any other agreement we may have with a user. Your Personal Information may be transferred to, stored at, and processed by staff who work for us or one of our suppliers, at a facility outside the USA. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your Personal Information is treated securely and according to this Privacy Policy.
9. Protection of Personal Information
. The security of your Personal Information is important to us. We strive to maintain appropriate technical and physical safeguards to protect your Personal Information against accidental or unlawful destruction or loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access, use, and all other unlawful forms of processing of the data in our possession. We use the same level of skill in protecting your Personal Information as other similar game developers. However, since the internet is not a completely secure environment, we cannot guarantee that the information you transmit via our Games will not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our safeguards. You understand that we are a game developer and game service provider, not a bank, hospital, or military, and thus do not expect to be a desirable hacker target, nor to develop or implement industrial-grade security protocols. But we invite you to make suggestions in the interest of privacy and enjoyable services.
10. Links from our Services
. We may provide links to third-party websites from our Services. You understand that when you click on these links any data which you provide thereafter is subject to such third party’s privacy policy and not to ours. Although we will endeavor only to link to reputable websites, GGP takes no responsibility for the content, safety, or security of any third-party website.
11. Your rights concerning your Personal Information
. You have the right to request a copy of the information we hold about you. If you would like a copy of some or all of your Personal Information, please contact us — we may charge a small fee for this service.
We want to make sure that your Personal Information is accurate and up to date. You may ask us to modify, correct, or remove information by contacting us at the email address above.
Information that you have shared via our Services on any social network or third-party platform cannot be amended or deleted by us where it is in the control of that social network or third-party platform. In addition, where any third-party copies information that you have made available via the use of our Services (for example, one of your friends on a social network you allow to interact with your account), we may not be able to amend or delete it because it may not be in our control.
You have the right to ask us not to use your Personal Information for marketing purposes. To change your marketing preferences, to unsubscribe, or for any other inquiry, please contact us.
12. Complaints
. We hope that you won’t have any complaints about GGP or our Services. If you are unhappy with our use of your Personal Information, then please contact us. You also have the right to complain to your local data protection authority.
13. Legal matters
. If any court or other competent authority finds any of the terms of this Privacy Policy to be invalid or unenforceable, the other terms of this Privacy Policy will not be affected. This Privacy Policy is governed by and interpreted according to the laws of Nevada. Any dispute arising in connection with this Privacy Policy will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Nevada unless you choose the courts of your home country.
We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect improvements or any other changes to our business or applicable law. We will endeavor to tell you about any significant changes to this Privacy Policy we feel may disadvantage you in any material way. If you have any concerns about having your data used in any manner permitted in this Privacy Policy, you should not use our Services. If you object to any of the changes you should immediately stop using our Services and close any account, you may have with us.
14. Contact us.
We welcome your suggestions and comments at help@greatgameproducts.com. Thanks.
help@greatgameproducts.com