Terms & Conditions
Delivery Policy
Subscription orders are processed within five working days and products are sent out as rapidly as possible.
Philosophy Now
magazine is published every two months, so depending on publication dates and postal transit times it can take up to 9 weeks to fulfil orders, though it is usually much less.
Customers in the UK receive their goods by second class letter post or equivalent.  Customers in the USA are sent their subscription copies of
Philosophy Now
by our agents the
Philosophy Documentation Center
, in Virginia.  Customers in all other countries receive their goods via airmail from our UK offices.
Cancellation / Refund Policy
We do our best to ensure that you will enjoy
Philosophy Now
magazine and we rely on the loyalty of our many long-term subscribers. However, if for any reason you wish to cancel your subscription, please
contact us
and we will give you a refund. We cannot offer refunds for subscriptions purchased more than 6 months previously, except at our discretion in exceptional cases.
Return / Refund Policy
If you receive a copy of
Philosophy Now
magazine which is faulty or damaged (this is rare, but has been known) simply tell us and we will send you a replacement copy. There is no need to return the damaged copy of the magazine. Similarly, if your copy of
Philosophy Now
goes missing in the mail just tell us and we will send you a replacement.
If you purchase any other goods from us (such as CDs or binders) that on receipt turn out to be faulty or damaged, then please return them to us within 3 weeks of receiving them; we will then replace them or give a full refund if you prefer.
Privacy & Data Handling Policy
We do not store any financial details (credit or debit card numbers). If you buy through our website shop your card details are not seen by us but are securely processed by the card processing company,
PayPal
. If you give us your card details by phone or letter we process your payment and then immediately delete your card details. Our website and related systems are regularly audited by
Trustwave
to ensure their security and compliance.
Other personal data (names, addresses and email addresses) are securely handled in accordance with the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). If you subscribe, then to enable us to fulfil your order we will store your name, address and email address on our system. After your subscription expires, we will send you a small number of subscription reminders over a period of no more than 18 months.  (The legal basis for this is called "legitimate interest".) However, you can at any time ask us not to send you these reminders.
You can easily check the data we hold about you by signing in to your personal account on our website. If for any reason you are unable to do that, please
email us
and we will be happy to tell you what our database says about you, if anything.
We do not sell personal data or otherwise disclose personal information to other organisations.
Cookies
Cookies are only used on philosophynow.org for the following purposes:
To recognise visitors who are registered users and have signed in to the website.
To recognise visitors who are using the shopping pages on the website.
Third party software used to analyse the pages that are visited on the website.
Copyright
Copyright and database rights relating to all content on philosophynow.org is owned by
Philosophy Now
, unless otherwise stated. No content from this website may be copied or transmitted on any other website or intranet without permission from
Philosophy Now
. For any queries about this please
contact us
.
ISSN
Philosophy Now
magazine has ISSN 0961-5970 for print and ISSN 2044-9992 for online.
Company Details
Philosophy Now
magazine is published by Anja Publications Limited, a company registered in England and Wales. Company number:  4613679. Registered office: 43a Jerningham Road, London, SE14 5NQ, UK.
Contact Info
We can be contacted in the following ways. By mail: Philosophy Now, 43a Jerningham Road, London, SE14 5NQ, UK. By telephone: +442076397314. By email:
info@philosophynow.org
.