Privacy Policy
Overview
This Privacy Policy describes the information collected by treebetty LLC (‘tbd’,’we’,’us’, ‘our’) through our mobile applications and website and how we use that information.
We Collect Limited Information with Our Applications
In order to improve our product, we collect anonymous aggregate data about visitors to our website with Google Analytics and Plausible Analytics. We do not use any features that track you as a user. We just want to know how people are using the app so we can add features and continue to make it better.
When you download and use our mobile applications, we do not require you to provide any information and we do not collect any information about you.
We Do Not Collect Any Information with Our Applications for Children
When you download and use our mobile applications for children, we do not require you to provide any information and we do not collect ANY information about you.
We Don’t Collect Information of Children
Our website and mobile applications comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act. We don’t knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13, and if in the event that a user identifies himself or herself as a child under the age of 13 through a support request, we will not collect, store or use, and will delete in a secure manner, any personal information of such user.
Location Information
We do not use or collect your precise geographic location.
Sharing of information
We do not share any information with other companies.
Ad Companies
We do not allow advertising companies to collect data through our service for ad targeting.
When You Request Support, You May Send Us Email
We allow users to contact us if they have questions about use of our mobile applications. If you submit a support request, we may receive your email address and other information you provide related to your support request. We use Support Information only to provide support to you.
What Data Do You Retain?
None.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. Use of information we collect is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is collected. Such modifications will become effective on the date set forth in the email.
Your Consent
By using our apps, you consent to the processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, please send us an email at apps [at] treebetty [dot] com.
Last Updated: 10/3/2023