Privacy Policy
About this Policy
The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to help our users understand how we collect and use any data we receive from them.
This policy applies to www.metservice.com and its subdomains. It also applies to the MetService Android and iOS apps.
To continue providing meteorological services to our users MetService collects and retains personal information. Please read this Privacy Policy prior to using the website. By accessing and using MetService’s website you accept this Privacy Policy.
MetService’s use and retention of user information complies with the New Zealand Privacy Act 2020 ("the Act") and other applicable privacy and data protection laws.
Who are “we”?
In this Privacy Policy all references to "we", "us", and "our" refer to Meteorological Service of New Zealand Limited (“MetService”).
You can contact us by email at
privacy@metservice.com
.
Our registered address is:
Meteorological Service of New Zealand Limited
Level 2, 110 Featherston Street, Wellington 6012
What information do we collect?
The type of information MetService collects varies depending on the services you use. The two primary types of information MetService collects are Personal Information and Usage Data.
Personal Information
Personal Information will be collected if you:
Use the website- if your browser supports Cookies, these are collected.
Apply to work at MetService- your CV, email address and phone number may be collected.
Sign up to a mailing list- your email address will be collected to facilitate this.
Make a general inquiry or Official Information request- your email address and any other information you provide will be collected.
Usage Data
This includes but is not limited to:
The type of browser you used.
The date and time of your visit.
Your top-level domain name (e.g. ".nz", ".com").
The address of any web site that referred you to the Site.
Your server's IP address
The address(es) of the page(s) on the Site you browsed.
The address(es) of the document(s) you downloaded.
The search engine you used (if any), and which keywords or phrases you searched with.
Search terms you enter when using the site search.
How do we use your information?
We will never sell, publish, or give away your personal information. MetService will only use your information for analytics and to provide our users with the most relevant information.
Your e-mail address will only be used for the purpose for which you provide it. It will not be added to a mailing list except at your request. We will never disclose your e-mail address without your consent. You will always have the option to opt out of our mailing lists.
We only use usage data for statistical analysis and systems administration purposes. We may provide your usage data to third-party auditors for the limited purpose of verifying usage statistics. Furthermore, we may share aggregated usage data (not personally identifiable information) with third parties such as advertisers or our business partners.
Disclosure
In certain circumstances, we may be obliged to disclose your personal information to law enforcement or other government officials. For example, this may happen during an investigation of fraud or any other activity that is illegal, or if failing to do so could expose us to legal liability.
We may disclose your personal information to another company within our group or to another business that supports our services. This includes any person that hosts or maintains any underlying IT system or data centre that we use to provide a service.
If personal information we collect is hosted by a third-party service provider, we will take reasonable steps to ensure that our agreement with that provider protects that information from unauthorised use.
Protecting your Personal Information
We will take reasonable steps to keep your personal information safe from loss, unauthorised activity, alteration, disclosure, or other misuse.  We implement appropriate technical and organisational measures to ensure a level of security appropriate to risks inherent in processing personal information. If MetService suffered a data breach containing your consequential personal information, we would take reasonable steps to notify you and the Office of the Privacy Commissioner.
We or a business supporting our services may store and process your information overseas. MetService will take all reasonable steps to ensure that the storage and processing complies with New Zealand privacy obligations.
Your Right to Access and Correct your Information
Subject to certain grounds for refusal set out in the Act, you have the right to access your readily retrievable personal information that we hold and to request correction to your personal information.
If we receive a request for correction, we will make the correction if it is reasonable, and the personal information can reasonably be changed.  If we do not make the correction, we will take reasonable steps to note on the personal information that you requested the correction.
If you want to exercise either of the above rights, email us at
privacy@metservice.com
. Your email should provide evidence to confirm that you are the individual to whom the personal information relates and set out the details of your request (e.g. the personal information, or the correction, that you are requesting).
How long will we store your data?
MetService will take all reasonable steps to only retain user information for as long as it is required for the intended purpose. You are always welcome to request MetService deletes any data held about you.
Cookies
"Cookies" are pieces of user-specific information generated by a web server and stored on the users device. MetService uses Cookies to measure web traffic and trends on our site. This is managed by a third-party, Nielsen. To learn more about the information that Nielsen software may collect, please see the
Nielsen Privacy Principles
.
If you prefer not to use Cookies, they can be turned off and cleared in your browser. You will still be able to visit the Site. However, it may result in reduced functionality. Site functionality in the EU may be restricted as we have turned off the ability for third parties to provide cookies.
Additionally, we use Google Advertising, Analytics and Cross Platform Targeting to serve advertising relevant to your interests. These services place Google Analytics Remarketing tags on the Site to track your behaviour on the Site. They also use cross-device targeting to serve relevant advertising across multiple platforms or devices where you are logged into the same accounts (e.g. Google/Gmail). If you would like to customise or opt out of these settings, please visit
Google’s Ad Settings
. For more information on how Google uses personal information, see
Google’s Privacy and Terms
.
MetService may use additional tools for the provision of advertising or analytics. If so, MetService will take reasonable steps to ensure that any additional tools protect your personal information.
Site Search
Our site search is provided by Algolia and is subject to
Algolia’s Privacy Policy
.  Search terms entered into the site search may be collected. However, they are not associated with any other information that we collect, including any personal information.
Use of Device Location in MetService Apps
Our Android and iOS Weather apps offer an optional feature called Location Based Forecast. If enabled, your device location will be used to match you with the nearest available forecast. If you add a Home Screen Widget that uses your current location, your device location will be used in the background to keep the location and forecasts on the widget up to date. Our Android and iOS Weather Apps also offer optional Location based Severe Weather Warning and Extreme Fire Danger Notifications. If enabled, your current location will be used in the background to notify you of Severe Weather Warnings and Fire Danger Notifications in your area.
On Android and iOS, you can choose to add a widget for a specific location instead of one for your current location if you do not want your location used in the background. If you do not want your device location used to find forecasts, you can disable Location Based Forecast at any time and access forecasts via search within the app. Similarly, if you do not want your location used for this purpose, you can simply enable Warnings and Notifications based on your manually inputted Home Location.
Additional Terms
MetService may offer other services that require additional personal information. When using those services, their specific Privacy Policies supersede this one.
Modification
MetService may change this policy without notice at any time by updating it on the website. These changes will be effective immediately. Because of this, we recommend checking this page from time to time. By continuing to use this website following an update, you agree to the changed policy.
This privacy policy was last updated on 19 January 2024.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, our privacy practices, or if you would like to request access to, or correction of, your personal information, you can contact us at
privacy@metservice.com
. More information is available about your privacy rights in New Zealand through the
Office of the Privacy Commissioner
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://metservicenz.sharepoint.com/sites/LegalSpace/Shared%20Documents/General/Legal%20Research/To%20be%20Actioned%202024/privacy@metservice.com:
Sign in
Sub-policy 1
https://www.nielsen.com/legal/privacy-principles/:
Skip to content
Additional privacy information
For Nielsen
Our Privacy Principles
Learn more
Careers Privacy Notice
Learn more
Digital Measurement Privacy Notice
Learn more
Marketing Privacy Notice
Learn more
Marketing Cloud Privacy Notice
Learn more
Website Privacy Notice
Learn more
Client Communications Privacy Notice
Learn more
Need more help?
Privacy questions can be submitted by email to:
privacy.department@nielsen.com
Contact us
Find the right solution for your business
In an ever-changing world, we’re here to help you stay ahead of what’s to come with the tools to measure, connect with, and engage your audiences.
How can we help?
postid
How can we help?
*
Please select...
Sales Inquiry
Other Inquiry
Inquiry type
*
Please select...
Audience measurement
Gracenote content metadata
Marketing optimization
Media planning
Retail and transaction data
Sports marketing optimization
Former and Current Employee Inquiries
Careers and Internships Opportunities
First name
*
Last name
*
Business email address
*
Job title
*
Industry
*
Please select...
Agency
Automotive
Consulting
CPG
Education
Electronics
Financial Services
Food & Beverages
Government
Healthcare
Hospitality & Travel
Insurance
Internet
Manufacturing
Media
Music
Non-Profit
Other
Pharmaceuticals
Publishing
Radio
Real Estate
Retail
Sports
Technology
Telecommunications
Television & Cable
Video Gaming
Company
*
Location
*
Please select...
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chile
China
Colombia
Comoros
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cuba
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Democratic Republic of Congo
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Polynesia
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Ivory Coast
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kosovo
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
North Korea
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn Islands
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Republic of the Congo
Reunion
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
Saint Barthélemy
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Korea
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican
Venezuela
Vietnam
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Tell us more about your needs:
*
255 of 255 Character(s) left
Newsletter Opt-in
Yes! Sign me up for insights and news that count in Nielsen's weekly newsletter.
Marketing communications opt-in
Sign me up! I want to stay ahead of media's evolution with emails on the latest trends and insights, Nielsen/Gracenote content, products, events, and more!
newsletter
By clicking or tapping the button and sharing your contact information with us, you acknowledge that you have read our
Privacy Notice
and that you consent to receiving communications about Nielsen's business, products/services, and events that may be of interest to you. However, if you ever change your mind, you can unsubscribe from our communications by following the instructions within the email that you receive from us.
If you are a human seeing this field, please leave it empty.
Sub-policy 2
https://policies.google.com/:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Explains what information we collect and why, how we use it, and how to review and update it.
Read our Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Describes the rules you agree to when using our services.
Read our Terms of Service
Google Safety Center
Making products for everyone means protecting everyone who uses them. Visit safety.google to learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online.
Explore what we do to help keep you safe
Google Account
Control, protect, and secure your account, all in one place. Your Google Account gives you quick access to settings and tools that let you safeguard your data and protect your privacy.
Visit your Google Account
Our Privacy and Security Principles
We build privacy that works for everyone. It’s a responsibility that comes with creating products and services that are accessible for all. We look to these principles to guide our products, our processes, and our people in keeping our users’ data private, safe, and secure.
Explore our Privacy and Security Principles
Google Product Privacy Guide
As you use Gmail, Search, YouTube, and other products from Google, you have the power to control and protect your personal information and usage history. The
Google Product Privacy Guide
can help you find information about how to manage some of the privacy features built into Google's products.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 3
https://www.algolia.com/policies/privacy:
Brand guidelines
Download logo pack
Privacy Policy
Relating to the use of Algolia's Website and Services.
Select Policy
Terms of Service
Service Level Agreement
Privacy Policy
Support Policy
Acceptable Use Policy
Legal Information
Cookies
Infrastructure & Sub-Processors
Effective Date: March 3rd, 2025
We take our obligation to protect the privacy of your personal information seriously.
Your personal information will be treated in a secure and confidential manner in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations.
When you use Algolia Websites and Services (as defined below), we receive information that may directly or indirectly identify you (“personal information” or “personal data”).
This privacy policy (this “Privacy Policy”) governs and describes how Algolia, Inc. and its subsidiaries (“Algolia”, “we,” “us” or “our”) may collect, use, and disclose personal information that we obtain through or from:
https://www.algolia.com/
and all websites within that domain (such as
https://status.algolia.com
,
https://www.algolia.com/blog/
,
https://community.algolia.com/
,
https://algolia.com/doc/
and
https://www.algolia.com/users/sign_up
(our “Websites”) and mobile applications,
individuals that register to attend our marketing or corporate events or receive our marketing materials (“Marketing Activities”),
third-party sources such as data brokers, publicly available sources, and our partners,
our subscribers’ personnel who register to use our Services (including through our Services user interface dashboard registration forms on our Websites), and
subscriber data submitted to our hosted search or related services (the “Services”) by our subscribers or their internet clients or end users, or that we collect through our Services on behalf of our subscribers. Section 9 of this Privacy Policy separately covers and describes how Algolia collects, uses and discloses the personal information submitted to our Services by our subscribers (or their internet clients or end users) or that we collect through our Services (on behalf of our subscribers), which use by our subscribers is governed by our subscription agreements with our subscribers.
In this Policy we will explain:
What types of personal information Algolia collects and how it is used.
How Algolia collects your personal information, including whether personal information is collected automatically.
How long Algolia retains your personal information.
How and when Algolia shares your personal information with others.
How Algolia protects your personal information.
What choices and rights are available to you regarding the use of your personal information, including how to access and update personal information.
How personal information submitted to our Services or collected through our Services on behalf of or at the direction of our subscribers is treated.
How to update your communication preferences.
Whether children under the age of 13 are permitted to use our Services.
Contact Information
Depending on the context of personal information you provide, Algolia may be the data controller (“controller”) or data processor (“processor”) of your personal information under this policy. Algolia is a processor of personal information submitted to the Services or collected through the Services on behalf of or at the direction of subscribers. If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, including the processing of your personal information, if you would like to exercise your data rights under applicable laws, or if you believe your privacy rights have been violated, please contact Algolia at
privacy@algolia.com
, or:
Algolia, Inc.
3790 El Camino Real
Unit #518
Palo Alto, CA 94306
Algolia SAS
55 Rue d'Amsterdam
75008 Paris
France
Algolia Limited
1 Primrose St, London
EC2A 2EX
UK
1. What types of personal information does Algolia collect?
Section 9 of this Privacy Policy separately covers and applies to personal information submitted by our subscribers to our Services, or collected through our Services on behalf of or at the direction of our subscribers.
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on which of our Websites or Marketing Activities you use. In general, we may collect information that identifies you, information about how you use our Websites, and the information that you create while you interact with our Websites.
Information that we collect from you may include the following:
Information that can personally identify you, such as name, photograph, postal address, email address, or telephone number.
Information about your Internet connection, the equipment you use to access our Websites, and your use of our Websites.
Information that you provide when you fill in forms on our Websites (e.g. name, email address or other information requested in the form).
Information that identifies you in planning and hosting corporate events related to our Marketing Activities (e.g., user conferences).
Records and copies of your correspondence (including email addresses and Twitter handles), if you contact us.
Your responses to surveys that we might ask you to complete for research purposes.
Details of transactions you carry out through our Websites or related to orders of our Services.
You also may provide information as a contributing user that is published or displayed (hereafter, referred to as "posted") on public areas of our Websites, on the Algolia Community site, or transmitted to other users of our Websites or third-parties. Your user contributions are posted and transmitted to others at your own risk.
2. How does Algolia use my personal information
Section 9 of this Privacy Policy separately covers and applies to personal information submitted by our subscribers to our Services, or collected through our Services on behalf of or at the direction of our subscribers.
Algolia uses personal information that you provide to us to deliver content on our Websites, plan and host Marketing Activities, and to provide our Services.
We may use this information in the following ways:
To present our Websites and their contents to you.
To allow you to participate in interactive features on our Websites.
To enhance the experience of using our Websites, Services, and Marketing Activities.
To manage your access to the Services.
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights that arise from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection.
To provide you with notices about your account and/or subscription, including expiration and renewal notices.
To notify you about changes to our Websites or Services.
To provide you with information or services that you request from us.
To communicate with you about Marketing Activities, which may include promotional information.
To send promotional information and other communications regarding our products or Services.
To create a list of actual and prospective users and subscribers for our products or Services.
To assemble statistics regarding the use of our Websites, product or Services.
To prevent fraud or abuse.
To comply with any legal or regulatory obligations.
For any other purpose we describe at the time we collect information.
For any reason you engage us.
For any other purpose with your consent.
3. How does Algolia collect my personal information?
Section 9 of this Privacy Policy separately covers and applies to personal information submitted by our subscribers to our Services, or collected through our Services on behalf of or at the direction of our subscribers.
Algolia may directly collect personal information you provide us in the following ways:
When you complete forms on our Websites, such as registering an account, subscribing to a Service, or posting a comment.
When you create an account to use our Services or create a new user for that account.
When you complete transactions through our Websites, such as fulfilling an order for our Services.
When you perform search queries on our Websites.
When you post messages on our Websites, either in public areas or directly to other users or third-parties.
When you use our publicly accessible blogs.
When you contact us outside of our Websites, such via email or Twitter.
When you request assistance from our Support team.
When you respond to surveys we ask you to complete for research purposes.
When you provide information that will be posted on public areas of our Websites.
When you transmit information to other users of our Websites or third-parties as a user contribution.
When you register for or attend our Marketing Activities.
Third-Parties and Data Supplementation
To the extent allowed by law, Algolia may collect personal information about you from other third-party sources. We may maintain this information or associate it with personal information we already have about you (“data supplementation”). This information helps us to improve our Websites, to deliver better and more personalized Services, to update, expand, and analyze our records, identify new customers, and provide products and services that may be of interest to you. To the extent we combine such third-party sourced information with information we already have about you, we will treat the combined information in accordance with the practices described under this Privacy Policy and any additional restrictions imposed by the source of the data.
Third-party sources we may use vary over time, but have included or may include:
Data brokers from which we purchase demographic data to supplement the information we collect.
Social networks when you reference our Services or grant permission to Algolia to access your data on one or more of these services.
Our partners with whom we may offer co-branded services, sell or distribute our Services, or engage in joint marketing activities.
Publicly-available sources or data in the public domain.
Examples of the types of personal information that may be obtained from public sources or purchased from third-parties and combined with information we already have about you, may include:
contact information about you from third-party sources to verify your address so we can properly prevent fraud or communicate with you, or
data purchased from third-parties, such as social networking sites and conference attendee lists, that is combined with information we already have about you, to create more tailored advertising and products.
We are not responsible for the accuracy of any information provided by third-parties or third-party policies or practices.
Financial Information
We use third-party payment processors to process payments made to us. In connection with the processing of such payments, we do not retain any personally identifiable information or any financial information such as credit card numbers. Rather, all such information is provided directly to our third-party processors. Our third-party processors currently include Stripe, and Stripe’s privacy policy can be viewed at
https://stripe.com/us/privacy
.
4. Does Algolia collect personal information automatically?
Section 9 of this Privacy Policy separately covers and applies to personal information submitted by our subscribers to our Services, or collected through our Services on behalf of or at the direction of our subscribers.
As is true of most websites, Algolia gathers certain information automatically as you navigate through and interact with our Websites. This information helps us to improve and personalize our Websites, Marketing Activities, and Services, as well as prevent fraud or abuse. This information may be gathered and stored in log files.
Information that we collect from you automatically may include the following:
Internet Protocol (IP) addresses,
Internet Service Provider (ISP),
browser type,
referring/exit pages,
operating system,
date/time stamp, and/or
browsing actions and browsing patterns.
Cookies
Algolia and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to analyze trends, administer our Websites and Services, track users' movements around our Websites and Services, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. A cookie is a small piece of information that is placed on your device when you visit certain websites. You can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level, but if you choose to disable cookies, it may limit your use of certain features or functions on our Websites or Services.
For more information on how Algolia uses cookies, refer to
https://www.algolia.com/policies/cookies/
.
For more information on third-party cookies, refer to Section 6 of this Privacy Policy.
5. How long does Algolia keep my personal information?
Section 9 of this Privacy Policy separately covers and applies to personal information submitted by our subscribers to our Services, or collected through our Services on behalf of or at the direction of our subscribers.
Algolia may retain your personal information for a period of time consistent with the original purpose of collection. For instance, we may retain your personal information during the time you have an account to use our Websites or Services, or as agreed in our subscription agreements, and for a reasonable period of time thereafter. We also may retain your personal information during the period of time needed for Algolia to pursue our legitimate business interests, conduct audits, comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
6. When and how does Algolia share my personal information with others?
Section 9 of this Privacy Policy separately covers and applies to personal information submitted by our subscribers to our Services, or collected through our Services on behalf of or at the direction of our subscribers.
Algolia may share your personal information with certain third-parties. This sharing is based on our relationship with those third-parties, your consent, or legal or contractual obligations that require us to share such information.
We may share your personal information that we collect or you provide as follows:
To our subsidiaries and affiliates for the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy.
To contractors, service providers such as Stripe and Intercom, and other third-parties we use to support our business. These entities are bound by contractual obligations to keep personal information confidential and can use it only for the purposes for which we disclose the information to them.
When you create an account on our community forum. Please note that the information you share in public areas of our Websites may be viewed by any user of our Websites.
To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Algolia’s assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by Algolia about our Websites users is among the assets transferred. You will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Websites of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.
To comply with any court order, law, or legal process (such as a subpoena), to investigate fraud, including responding to any government or regulatory request, lawful requests by public authorities, or to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
To enforce or apply our Terms of Service and other subscription agreements, including for billing and collection purposes.
If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Algolia, our subscribers or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
With your consent.
Algolia may disclose aggregated statistical data that does not contain Personal Data with third-parties.
Algolia partners with third-parties that serve content or applications. These partners, including (i) third-parties that either display advertising on our Websites or manage our advertising on other sites and (ii) applications providers such as Github, may collect your information as you interact with them through our Websites. Such third-party partners may also use cookies or similar technologies in order to provide you advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests. If you wish to opt out of interest-based advertising, click
here
(or if located in the European Union click
here
). Please note you will continue to receive generic ads.
You may login to our Websites using a sign-in service such as your Github profile, Google profile, or Heroku profile. These services authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal information with us such as your name and email address to pre-populate our sign-in form and collection of your personal information may occur as a result of login to our Websites using these sign-in services.
From time to time, we may include links to other websites whose privacy practices may differ from ours. If you submit personal information to any of those sites, your information will be governed by such third-party’s privacy policies. Please carefully read the privacy policy of any website you visit.
7. How does Algolia keep my information secure?
Section 9 of this Privacy Policy separately covers and applies to personal information submitted by our subscribers to our Services, or collected through our Services on behalf of or at the direction of our subscribers.
Algolia will maintain appropriate technical and organizational security measures designed to protect your personal information from accidental loss, unauthorized use, alteration, or disclosure. Although we implement and maintain security measures that are appropriate for our business activities, please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable and any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. You may review the most up to date version of our security measures at
https://www.algolia.com/distributed-secure/security-compliance/
.
You must also make sure that your information is safe and secure. We are not responsible if you circumvent any privacy settings or security measures on our Websites. Even if we give you (or you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our Websites, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. Do not share your password with anyone. Please be careful about giving out information in public areas of our Websites, for example, community message boards or forums. The information you share in public areas may be viewed by any user of our Websites. We cannot control the actions of other users of our Websites with whom you choose to share your information; as such we cannot guarantee your contributed information cannot be viewed by unauthorized parties.
8. What choices and rights are available to me regarding the use of my personal information?
Section 9 of this Privacy Policy separately covers and applies to personal information submitted by our subscribers to our Services, or collected through our Services on behalf of or at the direction of our subscribers. In regards to personal information we process on behalf of our subscribers, please contact the applicable subscriber directly as described in Section 9 of this Privacy Policy.
By using our Websites, Services, and Marketing Activities you expressly give your consent for the collection and use of your personal information in compliance with this Privacy Policy. This does not affect lawful processing under applicable laws based on other legal basis such as contractual obligation, compliance with applicable laws, and legitimate purposes.
If you receive a marketing communication or promotion from us, you may opt-out of these communications at any time (i) by following the unsubscribe instructions included in the promotion (if sent by email), (ii) through
Algolia preference page
, (iii) by accessing the email preferences in your account settings page in the Services user interface dashboard, or (iv) sending us an email at the address noted in the Contact Information section above.
Right to Access or Correct Personal Information
If Algolia processes your personal information on behalf of or at the direction of one of our subscribers, you should first look to that subscriber for assistance regarding the modification or correction of your personal information as described in Section 9 of this Privacy Policy.
You have the right to access and correct your personal information. If you want to review or correct your personal information, you can login to the appropriate Website or Service and visit your account profile page, typically designated as “My Account”, or contact us through the Support Center, or you may send us an email at the address noted in the Contact Information section above.
Right to Delete Personal Information (“Right to be Forgotten”)
If Algolia processes your personal information on behalf of or at the direction of one of our subscribers, you should first look to that subscriber for assistance regarding the removal of your personal information as described in Section 9 of this Privacy Policy.
You have the right to request deletion of personal information we hold about you and we have the obligation to erase your personal information, where:
the personal information is no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which it was collected or otherwise processed,
you withdraw consent on which the processing is based and where there is no other legal ground for the processing,
you object to the processing and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for the processing,
the personal information has been unlawfully processed, or
the personal information has to be erased for compliance with a legal obligation in the European Union or a Member State law to which Algolia is subject.
If you want to request removal of your personal information from our Websites or Services, you can login to the appropriate Website or Service and contact us through the Support Center, or you may send us an email at the address noted in the Contact Information section above. You can also request closure of your account. We will respond to your request within 30 days.
In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know that we are unable to do so and why.
Right to Data Portability
If Algolia processes your personal information on behalf of or at the direction of one of our subscribers, you should first look to that subscriber for assistance regarding the data portability of your personal information as described in Section 9 of this Privacy Policy.
You have the right to receive or transfer a copy of your personal information, where:
we are relying upon your consent or the fact that the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are party as the legal basis for the processing, and
personal information is processed by automatic means.
This copy will be provided to you in a common machine-readable format. You may also require us to transmit it to another party where this is technically feasible.
If you want to request a copy of your personal information, you can login to the appropriate Website or Service and contact us through the Support Center, or you may send us an email at the address noted in the Contact Information section above.
Right to Restrict Personal Information Processing
If Algolia processes your personal information on behalf of or at the direction of one of our subscribers, you should first look to that subscriber for assistance regarding the restriction of processing of your personal information as described in Section 9 of this Privacy Policy.
You have the right to request the restriction of processing of your personal information, where:
you contest the accuracy of the personal information until we take sufficient steps to correct or verify its accuracy,
where the processing is unlawful but you do not want us to erase the personal information,
where we no longer need the personal information for the purposes of the processing, but you require the information for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims, or
where you have objected to processing justified on legitimate interest grounds (see below) pending verification as to whether Algolia has compelling legitimate grounds to continue processing.
Where personal information is subjected to restriction in this way we will only process it with your consent or for the establishment, exercise, or defense of legal claims. This right includes restricting the processing of your personal information to only include storage of your personal information (e.g. during the time when Algolia assesses whether you are entitled to have personal information erased).
If you want to request restriction of processing of your personal information, you can login to the appropriate Website or Service and contact us through the Support Center, or you may send us an email at the address noted in the Contact Information section above.
Right to object to processing justified on legitimate interest grounds
If Algolia processes your personal information on behalf of or at the direction of one of our subscribers, you should first look to that subscriber for assistance regarding objections to processing your personal information as described in Section 9 of this Privacy Policy.
Where we are relying upon legitimate interest to process personal information, you have the right to object to that processing. If you object, we must stop that processing unless we can either demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing that override your interests, rights and freedoms or where we need to process the personal information for the establishment, exercise, or defense of legal claims. Where we rely upon legitimate interest as a basis for processing we believe that we can demonstrate such compelling legitimate grounds, but we will consider each case on an individual basis.
If you want to object to the processing of your personal information, you can login to the appropriate Website or Service and contact us through the Support Center, or you may send us an email at the address noted in the Contact Information section above.
Right to be informed of the appropriate safeguards where personal information are transferred to a third country or to an international organization
If Algolia processes your personal information on behalf of or at the direction of one of our subscribers, you should first look to that subscriber for assistance regarding safeguards when transferring your personal information to a third country as described in Section 9 of this Privacy Policy.
Refer to the Terms of Service for information on the safeguards that have been put in place to protect your personal information for transfer outside of the European Economic Area. For transfers to countries without an adequacy decision by the European Commission, Algolia puts appropriate safeguards through contractual obligations.
Right to Withdraw Consent
If Algolia processes your personal information on behalf of or at the direction of one of our subscribers, you should first look to that subscriber for assistance regarding withdrawing consent for processing your personal information as described in Section 9 of this Privacy Policy.
Where you have provided us with your consent to process personal information, you have the right to withdraw such consent at any time, without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
You can do this by:
using certain web browser and opt-out options discussed in this Privacy Policy to limit the personal information you provide to us or our third-party partners (please see Section 4 “Does Algolia collect personal information automatically?”, Section 6 “When and how does Algolia share my personal information with others?” and Section 10 "Communication Preferences and Subscriptions”),
logging into the appropriate Website or Service and contacting us through the Support Center,
following the unsubscribe instructions included in emails,
through
Algolia preference page
,
by accessing the email preferences in your account settings page in the Services user interface dashboard, or
sending us an email at the address noted in the Contact Information section above.
Right to Submit Complaints or Report Abuse
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in your country of residence, if you consider that the processing of your personal information infringes applicable laws.
If you need to report abuse, please contact us by email at
abuse@algolia.com
.
California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section § 1798.83 permits users of our Websites and Services that are California residents to opt-out from the disclosure of your personal information to third-parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, you can login to the appropriate Website or Service and contact us through the Support Center, or you may send us an email at the address noted in the Contact Information section above.
Please be advised that where California State residents opt-out from permitting their personal information to be shared, such individuals may still receive selected offers directly from us, in accordance with applicable law.
9. Subscriber Data submitted to our Services or collected through our Services (on behalf of our subscribers)
Algolia subscribers electronically submit (or cause to be submitted) data to the Services for hosting, indexing and related processing. Algolia processes data only as provided in our subscription agreements with our subscribers, such as our Terms of Service available at
https://www.algolia.com/policies/terms/
and our Data Processing Agreement available at
https://www.algolia.com/pdf/DPA-latest.pdf
. Additional information about our privacy and security practices with respect to our Services is available in our security and compliance documentation available at
https://www.algolia.com/distributed-secure/security-compliance/
.
As subscribers (or in some cases their internet clients or end users) control the data to be processed, Algolia’s network, platform, and Services may be used as a conduit for information.
The use of personal information collected through our Services at the direction of our subscribers shall be limited to the purpose of providing the Services for which the subscriber has engaged Algolia.
Although Algolia collects personal information related to subscriber personnel as they configure a subscriber’s use of our Services, Algolia has no direct relationship with individuals whose personal information is hosted or transmitted through the Services by subscribers or their permitted internet clients or end users. Subscribers are responsible for complying with any regulations or laws that require providing notice, disclosure, and/or obtaining consent prior to transferring the data to Algolia for processing purposes.
Algolia also collects, uses, and discloses personal information of individuals who visit our Websites (“Visitors”) and individual representatives of our subscribers, suppliers, and business partners (“Business Contacts”). This Section 9 does not apply to personal information associated with Visitors and Business Contacts collected, stored, and processed by Algolia which are governed by the other provisions of this Privacy Policy.
Choice
Our Services collect personal information for our subscribers. As a data processor of this personal information on our subscriber’s behalf, Algolia has limited ability to access personal information our subscribers submit to our Services. If you are a data subject for whom a subscriber has submitted personal information to the Services and would like your information not to be disclosed to a third-party or to be used for a purpose that is materially different from the purpose(s) for which the personal information was originally collected, then you should contact the subscriber directly. Concerns with personal information hosted or transmitted at the direction of our subscribers may be reported according to our acceptable use policy available at
https://www.algolia.com/distributed-secure/security-compliance/
. We will refer your requests to the appropriate subscriber.
Sub-processor Accountability
Algolia is responsible for the processing of personal information it receives, and subsequently transfers to a third-party acting as an agent on its behalf in accordance with our subscription agreements. Algolia may use from time to time third-party service providers, contractors, and sub-processors to assist in providing the Services on our behalf. Algolia maintains contracts with these third-parties restricting their access, use, and disclosure of personal information.
Security Measures
Algolia maintains administrative, physical, and technical safeguards to protect data submitted to the Services, including personal information. These security measures are set forth in our security and compliance documentation available at
https://www.algolia.com/distributed-secure/security-compliance/
.
Subscriber Data Integrity and Purpose Limitation
As a data processor, Algolia hosts, transmits, discloses, and processes data, which may include personal information about EU personnel of our subscribers administering, using or supporting the Services. Algolia may process data to provide the Services, to prevent or address technical or service problems, to follow the instructions of our subscribers and their personnel who submitted the personal information, or in response to contractual or legal requirements. Algolia does not control or own the data submitted by its subscribers, or their internet clients or end users, to the Services. Algolia may share personal information with its subsidiaries, contractors, or third-parties if Algolia undergoes a business transaction, such as a merger, acquisition by another company or sale of all or substantially all of its assets.
Data Subject Rights to Subscriber Data
Algolia acknowledges that you have the right to access your personal information. Algolia has no direct relationship with the individuals whose personal information our Services process on behalf of our subscribers. An individual who seeks access, or who seeks to correct, amend, or delete inaccurate personal information should direct his or her query to the appropriate subscriber (i.e., the data controller). Subscribers have the ability to fulfill these requests, and Algolia will provide assistance for requests that subscribers are not able to complete. If the subscriber requests that Algolia remove the personal information, we will refer your request to the applicable subscriber and we will respond to the request within 30 days.
Subscriber Data Retention
Algolia retains the personal information we process on behalf of our subscribers for as long as needed to provide the Services to our subscribers and in accordance with our subscription agreements. To the extent not deleted by our subscribers, Algolia may also retain and use certain personal information for a reasonable period of time thereafter as necessary to pursue our legitimate business interests, conduct audits, comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
10. Communication Preferences and Subscriptions
Algolia offers visitors of its Websites and Services, personnel of our subscribers whose personal information is collected through our Websites or Services, and attendees or recipients of Marketing Activities a means to choose how we use the information provided. You may choose to stop receiving or participating in Marketing Activities, including newsletters, by following the unsubscribe instructions included in emails, through
Algolia preference page
, by accessing the email preferences in your account settings page in the Services user interface dashboard, or sending us an email at the address noted in the Contact Information section above.
11. Children under the age of 13
Our Websites and Services are not intended for children under 13 years old. No one under age 13 years old may provide any personal information to or on the Websites and Services.
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 years old. If you are under 13 years old, do not use or provide any information on our Websites or Services including on or through any of their features, register on the Websites or Services, make any purchases through the Websites or Services, use any of the interactive or public comment features of our Websites or Services, or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, email address, or any screen name or user name you may use. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 years old, we will delete that information without undue delay.
If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13 years old, please contact us using the information in the “Contact Information” section above.
12. Dispute Resolution
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that Algolia has not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.trustarc.com/watchdog/request
.
13. Modifications
Algolia reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. It is our policy to post any changes we make to this Privacy Policy on this page and the changes will be effective upon Algolia’s publication of the updated Privacy Policy except as described below. If Algolia makes material changes to how we treat your personal information, we will notify you by email (sent to the email address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this page thirty (30) days prior to the change becoming effective. However, changes made to comply with applicable laws will be effective immediately. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date email address for you and periodically visiting this page to check for any changes to our Privacy Policy. Your continued use of the Websites and the Services expressly indicates your acceptance of Algolia’s then-current Privacy Policy and your consent to Algolia’s collection of personal information in accordance with the then-current Privacy Policy.
If you have questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please contact Algolia using the information in the “Contact Information” section above. The date this Privacy Policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page.
Previous Versions:
Version 4 (May 25, 2018)
Version 3 (July 4, 2016)
Version 2 (August 19, 2013)
Version 1 (June 10, 2013)
Version 5 (January 29, 2021)
We use cookies to improve your experience and for marketing.
Read more here.
Reject all
Accept all
Adjust settings
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-policy 4
https://www.privacy.org.nz/your-rights/your-privacy-rights/:
Our website uses cookies so we can
analyse our site usage and
give you the best experience. Click "Accept" if you’re happy with this, or click "More" for information about cookies on our site, how to opt out, and how to disable cookies altogether.
More
Accept ×
We respect your Do Not Track preference.
Close ×
Home
/
Your rights
/
Your privacy rights
Your rights
Personal information is any information that is about you or could identify you. Your name is the most basic example, but that’s just the beginning.
Other examples include your address, your contact details, your employment or medical records, bank details, a picture of your face, your NHI number, or sometimes even your opinions on social media. All sorts of things can contain personal information, including notes, emails, recordings, photos and scans, whether they are in hard copy or digital.
The Privacy Act 2020
rules how organisations, government departments and businesses can collect, store, use and share your information. It ensures that:
you know when and why your information is being collected
your information is used and shared appropriately
your information is kept safe and secure
you can access the information an organisation holds about you
Almost all organisations and businesses must follow the Privacy Act. This includes hospitals, government departments, clubs, schools, churches, shops and more. In most cases, the Privacy Act does not apply to domestic affairs. This changes when the collection, use, or disclosure of personal information involved is highly offensive.
The Privacy Act has thirteen principles that businesses and organisations must follow when collecting, using, and storing your personal information. The principles are designed to ensure your personal information is protected and respected.
Find out more about the privacy principles
Your right to know
Under the Privacy Act, you can ask any organisation or business for information they hold about you and to correct it if it’s wrong. This right extends to small and large businesses, government departments, schools, sports clubs, charities, and community groups.
Asking for your information
You can request your information via email, letter, phone, or in person.
You can also use our easy
AboutMe
tool to ask for your personal information from any organisation, business, or government agency in New Zealand. Keep a record of what you asked for, when you asked, and who you asked for it from.
They must respond to your request for information within 20 working days.
Any organisation or business may, in limited circumstances, extend the 20 working day timeframe, but they must tell you why and when they will give you the information. They can withhold information about you in limited circumstances, but they must tell you why.
You can make an urgent request, but you must explain why it is urgent. Even then, the organisation or business can refuse the request for urgency. If it does, it must give reasons why. They may transfer your request for information if they aren't the right place to help you. If they do this, they must inform you within 10 working days.
If they don't respond, contact their privacy officer. If the privacy officer can't resolve the issue, you can make a complaint to the Privacy Commissioner.
Correcting your information
An organisation or business needs to ensure the information they hold about you is accurate. If you think information held about you is wrong (for instance, if they listed an incorrect date of birth), you can ask them to correct it.
If they decline to correct the information, they must explain why and attach a statement of correction from you if you ask them to. A statement of correction should be brief and clear to ensure it can be understood in context.
If an organisation or business refuses to correct your information or attach your statement of correction, you can complain to our office.
Learn more about resolving privacy issues
Your rights
Your privacy rights
Resolving privacy issues
Making a complaint to the Privacy Commissioner
Settling complaints
Response calculator for access and correction requests
Date request received by Agency:
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
Jan
Feb
Mar
Apr
May
Jun
Jul
Aug
Sep
Oct
Nov
Dec
2024
2025
Result:
Holidays:
Use this calculator to work out the latest date (usually 20 working days) by when an agency must respond to you if you make a request to access or correct your personal information.
Sub-policy 5
https://about.metservice.com/our-company/about-this-site/cctv-privacy-notice/:
National
Towns & Cities
Whangarei
Auckland
Hamilton
Tauranga
Napier
New Plymouth
Palmerston North
Wellington
Nelson
Blenheim
Greymouth
Christchurch
Dunedin
Queenstown
Invercargill
Chatham Islands
Stewart Island
All towns & cities
Auckland
Masterton
Tauranga
Dannevirke
Napier
Te Kuiti
Dargaville
New Plymouth
Thames
Gisborne
Paihia
Tokoroa
Hamilton
Palmerston N.
Wellington
Hastings
Paraparaumu
Whakatane
Kaitaia
Rotorua
Whanganui
Kerikeri
Taumarunui
Whangarei
Levin
Taupo
Whitianga
Alexandra
Milford Sound
Ashburton
Motueka
Blenheim
Mount Cook
Christchurch
Nelson
Dunedin
Oamaru
Gore
Queenstown
Greymouth
Reefton
Hokitika
Timaru
Invercargill
Wanaka
Kaikoura
Westport
Main cities & sub-regions
Auckland Central
North Shore
Waitakere
Hunua
Manukau
Wellington City
Western Hills
Lower Hutt
Upper Hutt
Wainuiomata
Porirua
Kapiti
Christchurch
Eastern Suburbs
Port Hills
Banks Peninsula
New Zealand short forecast
Extended brief forecast for all New Zealand
Situation statement
Rural
Northland
Auckland
Waikato
Coromandel
Bay of Plenty
Hawke's Bay
Taranaki
Manawatu
Wairarapa
Marlborough
Nelson
Westland
Christchurch
Canterbury Plains
Southern
Lakes
Central Otago
Clutha
Southland
Northland
Taumarunui
Auckland
Taihape
Coromandel Peninsula
Whanganui
Waikato
Manawatu
Waitomo
Kapiti-Horowhenua
Rotorua
Wairarapa
Bay of Plenty
Wellington
Taupo
Gisborne
Hawke's Bay
Taranaki
Marlborough
Nelson
Buller
Westland
Canterbury Plains
Canterbury High Country
Christchurch
North Otago
Central Otago
Southern Lakes
Dunedin
Clutha
Southland
Rural news
Rural monthly outlook
Rural outlook email
Marine & Surf
Brett
Kaipara
Colville
Plenty
Raglan
Portland
Stephens
Castlepoint
Cook
Abel
Conway
Grey
Rangitata
Milford
Chalmers
Foveaux
Puysegur
Chatham Islands
Coastal
Plenty
Abel
Colville
Grey
Brett
Milford
Kaipara
Puysegur
Raglan
Foveaux
Stephens
Chalmers
Cook
Rangitata
Castlepoint
Conway
Portland
Chatham Islands
Recreational
Bay of Islands
Auckland
Coromandel
Bay of Plenty
Lake Rotorua
Lake Taupo
Hawke Bay
Kapiti
Mana
Wellington
Christchurch
Surf & Beach
Northland
Gisborne & Mahia
Piha & Muriwai
Napier & Wairarapa
Auckland East Coast
Wellington
Coromandel Peninsula
Bay of Plenty
Raglan
Taranaki
Christchurch & Kaikoura
West Coast North
Dunedin
Boating
Northland
Napier & Wairarapa
Piha & Muriwai
Wellington
Auckland East Coast
Coromandel Peninsula
Bay of Plenty
Raglan
Taranaki
Gisborne & Mahia
Nelson
Christchurch & Kaikoura
West Coast North
Dunedin
Southland
Tides
Northland
Napier & Wairarapa
Piha & Muriwai
Wellington
Auckland East Coast
Coromandel Peninsula
Bay of Plenty
Raglan
Taranaki
Gisborne & Mahia
Nelson
Christchurch & Kaikoura
West Coast North
Dunedin
Southland
Radio
Marine forecast maps
High Seas
Mountains & Parks
Whakapapa
Hanmer Springs
Broken River
Mt Hutt
Turoa
Mt Lyford
Mt Olympus
Snow Farm
Manganui
Temple Basin
Craigieburn
Ohau
Coronet Peak
Tukino
Porters
Fox Peak
Treble Cone
The Remarkables
Rainbow
Mt Cheeseman
Mt Dobson
Roundhill
Cardrona
National Parks
Te Urewera
Nelson Lakes National Park
Aoraki/Mt Cook National Park
Egmont National Park
Arthur’s Pass National Park
Mt Aspiring  National Park
Tongariro National Park
Canterbury High Country
Southern Lakes
Tararua Forest Park
Fiordland National Park
Ski Fields
Whakapapa
Porters
Roundhill
Turoa
Mt Cheeseman
Ohau
Tukino
Broken River
Treble Cone
Manganui
Mt Olympus
Cardrona
Rainbow
Craigieburn
Snow Farm
Mt Lyford
Fox Peak
Coronet Peak
Hanmer Springs
Mt Dobson
The Remarkables
Temple Basin
Mt Hutt
Brief mountain forecast
Extended mountain forecast
Maps & Radars
Cumulative rainfall
Rain radar
3 day rain forecast
5 day rain forecast
Your weather
Surface pressure
Satellite imagery
Marine forecast
Coded data
NZ observations
WIS search
Video
National forecast
Auckland
Wellington
Christchurch
Rural
Pacific
Australia
Display all
Australia
NSW / ACT
Albury
Ballina
Byron Bay
Canberra
Coffs Harbour
Newcastle
Pt. Macquarie
Sydney
Tamworth
N. Territory
Alice Springs
Ayers Rock
Darwin
Queensland
Brisbane
Bundaberg
Cairns
Cloncurry
Emerald
Gladstone
Gold Coast
Hamilton Isl.
Hervey Bay
Mackay
Moranbah
Mt. Isa
Proserpine
Rockhampton
Sunshine Coast
Townsville
S. Australia
Adelaide
Tasmania
Hobart
Launceston
Victoria
Melbourne
Mildura
W. Australia
Albany
Broome
Busselton
Christmas Isl.
Cocos Isl.
Derby
Esperance
Geraldton
Kalgoorlie
Karratha
Kununurra
Newman
Paraburdoo
Perth
Pt. Hedland
Ravensthorpe
Adelaide
Brisbane
Canberra
Darwin
Hobart
Melbourne
Perth
Sydney
Townsville
Alice Springs
Ayers Rock
Broome
About MetService
Company information
Weather for business
Careers
Blog
Contact us
About MetService
MENU
MetService.com Forecasts
About Us
Our history
Our brands
The National Forecast Centre
State Owned Enterprise
National Services
Severe Weather Warnings and Watches
Tropical Cyclone Monitoring
Regional Specialised Meteorological Centre
MetService and Climate Change
Heat alerts
Canterbury Radar Replacement and Upgrade
Add weather to your website
Free Weather Widget
Your Weather on metservice.com
Your Weather on metservice.com
Add your own weather station
Disclaimer
Learning centre
How to Read Weather Maps
New Zealand Climate
Anticyclones and New Zealand weather patterns
Frost
MetService Weather Icons
Convergence Zones
Climate Summary 1969-1998
Poster Downloads
Mariners Met Pack
Meteorology for PPL Pilots
Meteorology for Pilots
Weather on your Phone, Tablet and Email
Weather on your mobile
Weather on your tablet
Weather Emails
About this Site
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy
Open Access Data
Our Data Access Policy
CCTV Privacy Notice
FAQ
MetService CCTV Privacy Notice
Purpose:
This Privacy Notice relates to any collection of personal information by MetService through our use of closed-circuit television (CCTV) and your rights in relation to such information.
Collection of information:
MetService has installed CCTV cameras at some of our sites in New Zealand.  Signage is installed at any MetService site where CCTV is in operation, notifying staff and visitors of its operation.  The CCTV collects visual images only.
Purpose for collection of information:
Where MetService has installed CCTV any personal information captured by it is collected for the purpose of:
keeping people (our staff and visitors) safe at our sites; and
improving security and deterring and investigating criminal events, objectionable behaviours and safety incidents occurring at our sites.
Use of collected information:
CCTV footage will generally only be kept for 14 days and will only be able to be viewed by a limited number of authorised MetService staff.  MetService may use and disclose personal information collected via CCTV for the purposes listed above and as otherwise permitted or required by law (which may include disclosure to the New Zealand Police or other public sector agencies where criminal activity is reported or suspected).
Access to personal information:
In accordance with the Privacy Act 2020, individuals may request access to any footage of themselves collected by MetService via the CCTV.
Contact details:
Any requests for access to personal information or about this Privacy Notice should be made to:
PO Box 722
Wellington 6140
Attention: Privacy Officer
Or: privacy@metservice.com
About Us
National Services
Add weather to your website
Your Weather on metservice.com
Learning centre
Weather on your Phone, Tablet and Email
About this Site
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy
Open Access Data
Our Data Access Policy
CCTV Privacy Notice
FAQ