RAREVISION PRIVACY POLICY
Effective Date: March 11, 2017
By using any of Rarevision's software products ("apps"), you agree to Rarevision's Privacy Policy and that we, Rarevision LLC, may process, transfer and store your information.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT USE THE SOFTWARE. We will post any modifications or changes to the Privacy Policy on the Rarevision website. We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time, so we encourage you to review it regularly. If we make substantial changes to this Privacy Policy, an announcement will be made through the usual channels such as our website and/or social media networks. Your continued use of the software after the effective date of such changes constitutes your acceptance of such changes.
1. Collection of Personal Information
"Personal information" means information which identifies you, such as your name or email address. Rarevision's apps neither access nor collect your personal information. Under certain circumstances, your personal information may be visible in photos or videos created by our apps, but only if you explicitly add it (for example, if you superimpose your name or email address over a photo or video using a text or title overlay function in one of our apps).
2. Local Storage
Our apps may collect and store information locally on your device. For example, a camera app would write video files to your device's local storage. You may be able to access and delete this information within the app or using a separate app (such as Camera Roll on iOS or Google Photos).
3. Access to Built-in Recording Devices
Our apps may include the ability to record video and audio data using your device's built-in camera or microphone. The video and audio captured from these devices may be written to your device's local storage. Depending on how your device is configured, these videos or audio recordings may be automatically uploaded by a separate application to a network cloud service such as Apple iCloud or Google Drive.
4. Sharing
Our apps may include optional photo, video and audio sharing functions. These functions may pass data or information stored on your device to other apps you have installed. For example, one of our apps may send a photo or video recording to a social networking app installed on your device for the purpose of posting it to a social media network.