Home
Privacy
PRIVACY POLICY
Introduction
1- MzadQatar privacy policy describes the ways in which we collect, store, use and protect your personal information, and it is important for you to review this privacy policy.
By "Personal Information", we mean information that can be associated with a specific person and can be used to identify that person.
2- We do not consider anonymized information to constitute personal information, as it cannot be used to identify a specific person. We collect personal information from you when you use MzadQatar App or its related websites and services (including, without limitation, when you register, buy, sell and swap items or participate in auctions or when you telephone or email our customer support team).
By providing us with your personal information, you expressly consent to us processing your personal information in accordance with the terms of our privacy policy.
3- We may amend our privacy policy at any time by posting a revised version on the site.
The revised version will be effective at the time we post it, and following such posting, your continued use of MzadQatar App or its related website and services will constitute your express consent to us continuing to process your personal information in accordance with the terms of our revised privacy policy.
4- We last amended MzadQatar privacy policy on 12 March 2017 and we would encourage you to check the site regularly for the announcement of any amendments to our privacy policy.
Our privacy policy covers the following topics:-
1. Our collection of your personal information
2. Our use of your personal information
3. Your use of your and other users’ personal information
4. Accessing, reviewing and amending your personal information
5. Third party website links.
6. Cookies.
7. No spam or spoof emails.
8. Protecting your personal information
9. How you can contact us about privacy questions
Our collection of your personal information:-
1) As part of your registration on MzadQatar App or site, you will be asked to provide us with certain personal information, such as your name, address, email address and telephone number and other similar information as well as some additional information about you such as your date of birth or other identifying information.
Additionally, in order for us to verify you are a human and not an impersonator, we may need to verify your phone number and email address.
2) Following your registration on the App or Site, you should not share any personal information (including any financial information) anywhere on the App and Site other than on the My Account section.
Restricting the sharing of personal information to the My Account section protects you from the possibility of fraud or identity theft. The posting by you of any personal information anywhere on the App and Site other than on the My Account section may lead to the suspension of your account.
3) We will collect transactional information based on your activities using MzadQatar (such as buying and selling items), This transactional information is used solely in relation to the transactions you undertake on MzadQatar and for no other reasons.
4) Please note that we may use your Internet protocol (or IP) address (which is a unique number assigned to your computer server or your Internet service provider (ISP)) to analyse user trends and improve the administration of MzadQatar.
5) We may also collect information about your computer (for example, device type, browser type) and navigation information (for example, the pages you visit on MzadQatar) along with the times that you access MzadQatar.
MzadQatar App is allowed to use your device`s camera and gallery when you chows ad images for a new item, or when you edit photos for a previous ad.
Finally, we may collect additional information from or about you in other ways not specifically described here.
For example, we may collect information related to your contact with our customer support team or store results when you respond to a survey. We may also collect feedback ratings and other comments relating to your use of MzadQatar.
Where we aggregate personal information for statistical purposes, such aggregated personal information shall be anonymized.
Our use of your personal information.
1) We only use your personal information to provide services and customer support to you; to measure and improve our services to you; to prevent illegal activities and implement our user agreement with you ("User Agreement"); troubleshoot problems; collect fees; provide you with promotional messages and verify information you give us with third parties. For example, we may share some of the personal information you give us with verification services with third parties for fraud screening purposes.
2) Though we make every effort to preserve your privacy, we may need to disclose your personal information to law enforcement agencies, government agencies or other third parties where we are compelled so to do by court order or similar legal procedure; where we are required to disclose your personal information to comply with law; where we are cooperating with an ongoing law enforcement investigation or where we have a good faith belief that our disclosure of your personal information is necessary to prevent physical harm or financial loss, to report suspected illegal activity or to investigate a possible violation of our User Agreement.
3) In the event of a sale of MzadQatar, any of its affiliates and subsidiaries or any related business assets, your personal information may be disclosed to any potential purchaser for the purposes of the continued provision or otherwise in relation to any such sale.
We may share your personal information with our other group companies so as to provide joint content and services to you, to help detect illegal acts and/or the violations of our policies.
We may also share your personal information with other site members as part of an auction or purchase on the site. For example, at the end of a successful auction on the site we will provide the seller and the successful buyer with each other’s contact information.
This contact information will be the personal information provided by you to us on registration and, as a result, should always be kept up-to-date.
4) Additionally, information relating to items you are buying or selling will be displayed on the App and site. This information can include details of your user ID, your phone number, your address, feedback ratings and associated comments relating to your use of App and site.
5) We do not sell or rent any of your personal information to third parties in the normal course of doing business and will only share your personal information with third parties in accordance with this privacy policy.
6) By registering on the app or site, you give us your express consent to receive promotional emails and messages about our services and emails announcing changes to, and new features on MzadQatar.
7) Additionally, we do use comments made by you about MzadQatar for marketing purposes and by making such comments you expressly consent to our using such comments for marketing purposes.
Your use of your and other users’ personal information:-
1) Members may need to share personal information with each other to complete transactions on MzadQatar. You should respect, at all times, the privacy of other members.
2) We cannot guarantee the privacy of your personal information when you share personal information with other members, so you should always seek information on the privacy and security policies of any other members with whom you are transacting prior to sharing any of your personal information with another member.
3) This privacy policy does not cover your release of your personal information to another member.
4) You agree to use any personal information received from another site member in relation to a transaction on the site solely in relation to such transaction and shall not use the information received from another site member for any other purposes (except with the express consent of the other site member).
5) You acknowledge and agree and you shall use personal information received from another site member in accordance with all applicable laws.
Accessing, reviewing and amending your personal information:-
1) You can access and review your personal information in the "My Account" section of the App and site.
If your personal information changes in any way or is incorrectly presented on MzadQatar you should immediately update or correct your personal information (as applicable) by accessing the My Account section on MzadQatar or, alternatively, by contacting our customer support team.
The "Contact us" link at the top of each Site webpage contains our customer support email and phone details.
2) Please note that we shall retain your personal information during and following the end of your use of MzadQatar as required to comply with law, for technical troubleshooting requirements, to prevent fraud, to assist in any legal investigations and to take any other actions otherwise permitted by law.
Third party website links
MzadQatar may contains links to other websites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other websites. We encourage you when you leave MzadQatar to read the privacy statements of each and every website you visit if you intend to provide personal information to that website. Our privacy policy applies solely to your personal information that we collect on MzadQatar.
Cookies
1) Like many similar apps and websites, MzadQatar uses "cookie" technology (small files placed on your Device). When you go to particular website pages on the site, the cookie identifies your browser with a unique, random number.
2) The cookies we use do not reveal any personal information about you. Cookies help us improve your experience of MzadQatar and also help us understand which parts of our site are the most popular. You are always free to decline our cookies if your browser permits, although doing so may interfere with your use of MzadQatar.
No spam or spoof emails
We do not tolerate spam or spoof. You may not use our communication tools to send spam or otherwise send content that would violate our User Agreement. We automatically scan and may manually filter messages to check for spam, viruses, phishing attacks and other malicious activity or illegal or prohibited content.
To report spam or spoof emails, please forward the email to support@mzadqatar.com.
Protecting your personal information
We hold your personal information on servers located in Europe and the Americas.
By providing us with personal information, you consent to the transfer of your personal information to, and its storage on, our servers located in Europe and the Americas. We take every precaution to safeguard all your personal information from unauthorised access, use or disclosure.
All personal information is encrypted. However, the Internet is not a secure medium and we cannot guarantee the privacy of your personal information.
You must enter your username and password/verifying code each time you want to access your account or make transactions on MzadQatar.
Choose your password carefully using unique numbers, letters and special characters.
Never share your username and password with anyone.
If you are concerned that your username or password has been compromised, please contact our customer support team immediately and ensure you change your password by logging onto the My Account section on MzadQatar.
How you can contact us about privacy questions
If you have questions or concerns about our collection and use of your personal information, please contact our customer support team at the "Contact us" link at the top of any site webpage.