Terms of Use
Privacy Policy - iOS Apps by PaulJAdam.com
These Privacy Policy apply to the entire contents of iOS Apps by PaulJAdam.com and to any correspondence by e-mail or through the App between us and you.
Please read these Privacy Policy carefully before using the App. Using the App indicates that you accept these Privacy Policy regardless of whether or not you choose to register with us. If you do not accept these terms, do not use the App. This notice is issued by PaulJAdam.com (Company).
Warranties and Disclaimers
This App is provided ‘as is’ without warranty of any kind, whether expressed or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of satisfactory quality, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement.
The Company assumes no responsibility for errors or omissions in this App or other documents that are referenced by or linked to this App.
References to corporations, their services and products, and organizations are provided ‘as is’ without warranty of any kind, whether expressed or implied.
In no event shall the Company be liable, whether in contract (including but not limited to negligence or breach of statutory duty), for misrepresentation or otherwise howsoever for any special, incidental, indirect or consequential damages of any kind, or any damages whatsoever, including, without limitation, those resulting from loss of use, data or profits, whether or not the Company has been advised of the possibility of damage and on any theory of liability, arising out of or in connection with the use or performance of this App.
This App could include technical or other inaccuracies or typographical errors. Changes are periodically added to the information herein; these changes will be incorporated in new editions of this App. The Company may make improvements and/or changes in the product(s) and/or the service(s) described in this App at any time.
All information presented on this App is correct only at the date of original publication and no warranty is given as to its continued accuracy. There is no obligation on the Company to update the information should the Company become aware that the information is not correct.
Certain hypertext links in this site will lead to web sites that are not under the control of the Company. When you activate any of these you will leave the Company App and the Company has no control over and will accept no responsibility or liability in respect of the material which follows.
Liability
The Company, any other party (whether or not involved in creating, producing, maintaining or delivering the App), and any of the Company’s group companies and the officers, directors, employees, shareholders or agents of any of them, exclude all liability and responsibility for any amount or kind of loss or damage that may result to you or a third party (including without limitation, any direct, indirect, punitive or consequential loss or damages, or any loss of income, profits, goodwill, data, contracts, use of money, or loss or damages arising from or connected in any way to business interruption, and whether in tort (including without limitation negligence), contract or otherwise) in connection with the App in any way or in connection with the use, inability to use or the results of use of the App, any Apps linked to the App or the material on such Apps, including but not limited to loss or damage due to viruses that may infect your computer equipment, software, data or other property on account of your access to, use of, or browsing the App or your downloading of any material from the App or any Apps linked to the App.