Home
Subscribe
Advertise
Content Marketing
Corporate
+Terms & Conditions
Subscription lead times and information.
All subscriptions commence with the next published issue. Any errors made when entering the contact information and order details are the payers responsibility. SCGMedia is not liable for any consequences of such errors or incorrect information, including but not limited to failure to send any print magazines subscribed for, to the correct address. SCG will not send replacement magazines if the subscriber moves and does not supply a new address. SCG will not resend magazines if the address supplied does not receive mail via NZ Post.
SCG will not send replacement magazines if the address supplied is incorrect
. If you change address please notify us on at support@scgmedia.co.nz. For international orders, SCG will not send replacement magazines overseas.
All digital content is for private, non-commercial use only. You must not rent, lease, lend, sell, transfer or redistribute that content, or make it available over a network where it could be used by multiple users/devices at the same time. SCGMedia are not responsible for any costs charged by any Internet provider in connection with such installation or download of digital editions. To ensure the full and stable functionality of the branded App, you must install the latest version of the App. SCGMedia are not required to maintain or ensure compatibility of the Apps with older versions of operating systems or devices. SCGMedia does not guarantee that digital edition of the magazine will be available for more than one year after the date on which it is first made available. Accordingly, you may not be able to re-download digital editions that you have purchased after one year from the date on which it was first made available. This may be reviewed on a case by case basis by contacting support@scgmedia.co.nz
Claims
Lost or damaged issue claims must be made within 3 months of original publication date for NZ subscribers. SCGMedia will not send replacements overseas but will extend the subscription as a resolution.
You may make 1 claim per subscription term. In lieu of resending missed issues, subscription extensions will be made for all claims.
Our Cancellations
Please note your subscription is non-refundable, although exceptions can sometimes be made on a case-by-case basis.
Subscription Prize Terms and Conditions
Subscription prizes are available to the Payer of the subscription, the payer must have an address in New Zealand to qualify for entry to the competition. Digital only subscriptions are not eligible for the prize offer. Competitions are open to
NZ
print and
NZ
Full Access subscriptions only. Prize is only open for New Zealand delivery. Offer is open to both new and renewing subscribers. The Publisher is neither responsible nor liable for any gift damaged in transit during the delivery. Prize is not redeemable for cash and cannot be swapped. Employees and families of the publisher and prize sponsors are ineligible for entry. The publisher reserves the right to substitute the prize with another product of equal value.
Subscribe to dish and Be in to WIN* one of five Ninja Doublestack XXXL Air Fryers, each valued at $599.99
This promotion commences 7.00am 30th January 2025 and ends at midnight 26th March 2025. Prize will be drawn 2nd April 2025
Offer is open to print, digital and full-access rates with delivery to New Zealand addresses only. Digital subscribers must have an address in New Zealand to be eligible for entry. Offer is not available in conjunction with any other offer. The payer of the subscription receives the prize, not the recipient of the subscription. The bill payer must have an address in New Zealand. To enter you must be over 18 years of age as of 26th March 2025.
Note all eligible current subscribers, as of 2nd April 2025 of print, digital and full-access subscriptions with an address in New Zealand are entered into the draw. This competition is open to NZ residents only except employees of SCG and participating companies and their immediate families and agencies. Five winners will be randomly drawn and notified by phone or email. Where attempts to contact a winner fail (e.g., when a winner cannot be contacted by phone or email, after three attempts) another winner will be selected. The winners take the prize entirely at their own risk and indemnify SCG in respect of any claim for any accident, injury or property damage that may occur in connection with the prize. The Publisher is neither responsible nor liable for any gift damaged in transit in the delivery. If any prize, or part of the prize, becomes unavailable for reasons beyond the Promoter’s control, the Promoter may substitute a prize of equal or greater value. Indicative value of the prize is $599.99
Subscribe to dish and be
in to win* a bespoke, Luxury Flockhill escape for two valued at $18,450
with Dish magazine issue 118
This promotion closed midnight 29th January 2025. Prize was drawn 4th February 2025.
Subscribe and BE IN TO WIN* an aleph consult with Emma Peters plus a beauty pack worth $569 with Good 98.
The Good 98 promotion commences 6 Feb 2025 and ends at midnight 12 March 2025.
Eligible individuals must, during the Promotion Period, purchase a 1-year (6 issues) or 6-month (3 issues) subscription to Good magazine from SCG Media.
Live Zoom colour consult with Emma Peters for 1 hour valid from 15th March to 15th May 2025. The Beauty pack is sent once a winner is drawn and the Zoom consult is arranged.
This competition is open to NZ residents aged 18 years and over. Employees of SCG and participating companies and their immediate families and agencies are ineligible to enter. Prize is open to eligible print and full-access subscribers with New Zealand addresses only.
The payer of the subscription is entered into the draw, not the recipient of the subscription. The bill payer must have an address in New Zealand.
The winner takes the prize entirely at his/her own risk and indemnifies SCG in respect of any claim for any accident, injury or property damage that may occur in connection with the prize. The prize is non-transferable (no name changes), non-redeemable for cash and cannot be used in conjunction with any other special offer.  If any prize, or part of the prize, becomes unavailable for reasons beyond the Promoter’s control, the Promoter may substitute a prize of equal or greater value. Indicative value of the prize is $569. The promoter is SCG, 20 Vestey Drive, Mount Wellington, Auckland, New Zealand.
Subscribe and receive* an Antipodes flora probiotic skin-rescue hyaluronic mask, worth $52!
This promotion closed at midnight 22 January 2025.
Conditions of Entry
Eligible individuals must, during the Promotion Period, purchase a 1-year (6 issues) or 6-month (3 issues) subscription to Good magazine from SCG Media.
This competition is open to NZ residents aged 18 years and over. Employees of SCG and participating companies and their immediate families and agencies are ineligible to enter. Prize is open to eligible print and full-access subscribers with New Zealand addresses only.
The payer of the subscription receives the free gift, not the recipient of the subscription. The bill payer must have an address in New Zealand. The free gifts will be sent out in February 2025 once the promotional period has ended. Note the free gifts are sent separate to the magazine.
The winner takes the prize entirely at his/her own risk and indemnifies SCG in respect of any claim for any accident, injury or property damage that may occur in connection with the free gift. The free gift is non-transferable (no name changes), non-redeemable for cash and cannot be used in conjunction with any other special offer.  If any prize, or part of the prize, becomes unavailable for reasons beyond the Promoter’s control, the Promoter may substitute a prize of equal or greater value. Indicative value of the free gift is $36.00. The promoter is SCG, 20 Vestey Drive, Mount Wellington, Auckland, New Zealand.
Our Guarantee
Shopping online at the SCGMedia store is safe. Your credit card is debited by our banking partner, Payment Express, and we never keep your credit card number on our web server—in fact, we don’t even see it. All financial transactions are encrypted for security. We will not pass on your details to third parties without your permission.
Privacy Policy
SCGMedia is a brand of Soar Communications Group.
As a subscriber to an SCGMedia magazine or user of the website we collect personal information about you. By registering your details on our website, you consent to SCGMedia maintaining, recording, holding and using personal data we collect about you. From time to time SCGMedia will send you offers which we feel are of particular interest to you. If you would prefer not to receive emails from SCGMedia there is an unsubscribe link on all our newsletters or email support@scgmedia.co.nz
SCGMedia does not, and will not, sell or supply data about you or any of our subscribers to organisations outside of the S
CG
companies and brands and our 3rd party data processors and platform providers.
Website use information
The website may use cookie and tracking technology depending on the features offered. Cookie and tracking technology are used for gathering information such as browser type and operating system, tracking the number of visitors to the website, and understanding how visitors use the website. Cookies also help us to customize the website for visitors. Personal information cannot be collected via cookies and other tracking technology, however, if you previously provided personally identifiable information, cookies and the data that they collect may be connected to you using that information. Aggregate cookie and tracking information may be shared with third parties.
Third party vendors, including Lotame, Google and Facebook, show our ads on sites on the internet.
Third party vendors, including Lotame, Google and Facebook, may use cookies on our website to serve ads on other sites on the internet based on a user’s prior visits to our website.
Users may:
opt out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting the
Google advertising opt-out page
,
control the way that Facebook shows ads using Facebook’s ad settings (
https://www.facebook.com/ads/settings
).
View the Lotame privacy manager and opt out of collection
&
use (
https://www.lotame.com/about-lotame/privacy/privacy-manager-opt-out/
)
Where you agree to allow the app to access your location on a mobile device, we may use that information to show you properties around you and give you more relevant search results. Your location information is used only by the app in real time and is not stored by us.
You can view
SCG
’s privacy policy at
SCG
’s privacy policy
If you have any questions relating to privacy matters please contact us by emailing:
privacy@icg.co.nz
Delivery
The following are our Industry Standard delivery times:
For bi-monthly publications (6 issues a year) please allow up to 6 weeks for your first delivery.
For Quarterly publications (4 issues a year) please allow up to 8 weeks for your first delivery.
For international delivery please allow an extra 1–2 weeks for your first delivery.
If you have a query please email us at
support@scgmedia.co.nz
Data Protection
SCG Media is fully committed to the Privacy Act 1993, and is dedicated to the privacy of your information.
Under the Privacy Act 2020 you have the right to access personal information that we hold about you and to request correction of that information.
If you want us to delete information about you, please note that we may need to retain certain information as required by law or for legitimate business purposes. When you unsubscribe from email communications, we will keep your email address to ensure that we do not send you any email communications in the future. If you want to find out what personal information we hold about you or if you have any privacy questions or concerns, please feel free to contact us by email at
privacy@icg.co.nz
or by mail to SCG, PO box 62192, Sylvia Park, Auckland 1644, New Zealand
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.lotame.com/about-lotame/privacy/privacy-manager-opt-out/:
X
BREAKING NEWS
Publicis Groupe Acquires Lotame
Expanded Global Identity Footprint
Read Release
X
Careers
Request a Demo
Solutions
Spherical Platform
Curation
Data Marketplace Sellers
Data Marketplace Buyers
Panorama Identity
Connected TV
Clients
Marketers & Agencies
Publishers & Media Companies
Data Sellers
Platforms
Partner Connections
Resources
Case Studies
Strategy & Education
Company Updates
Press Releases
About Lotame
About Us
Contact Us
Team
Events
Careers
Legal
Services Agreements
Policies
EU Consent & Signaling Policy
Definitions
Privacy
Privacy Principles
Data Processing Agreements
DPA – MSA
DPA – Incoming Data
DPA – Outgoing Data
DPA – Spherical Data Buyer
DPA – Panorama ID Enrollment Terms
Privacy Notices
Corporate Privacy Notice
Services Privacy Notice
Cookie Notice
Privacy Manager
Transfer Impact Assessment Info
Technical & Organizational Measures
Careers
Request a Demo
Home
»
Privacy
Privacy
At Lotame, privacy is more than a list of do’s and don’ts, or policies and processes. It is foundational to Lotame’s values of trust and integrity. It is integral to our commitment to support data-driven decision-making and delivery of personalized advertising and content without sacrificing personal privacy. On this page we provide a summary of Lotame’s privacy practices. You can learn more about our privacy practices by clicking on the links provided in this summary.
Our Commitments
Earning the trust of our Business Customers and Data Partners is the foundation of our business at Lotame. We earn this trust by being transparent in our privacy commitments and by implementing a privacy program and security controls that enables our Business Customers and Data Partners to operate with the confidence that they can meet their privacy and compliance requirements globally. Maintaining that trust involves making ongoing commitments to our Business Customers and Data Partners. These commitments include:
Writing our
Privacy Notices
and contracts in plain, straightforward language to be transparent and help individuals, our Business Customers, and our Data Partners understand our privacy practices
Following our
Privacy Principles
Designing, building, and delivering products and services that respect the privacy of individuals by following the principles of Privacy by Design and Privacy by Default
Honoring an individual’s choice regarding the processing of his/her Personal Data
Lotame’s Privacy Principles and Approach to Global Data Protection and Privacy Compliance
Global Data Protection and Privacy Laws are in a constant state of flux. Every few months, another state or country introduces new legislation or amends existing legislation and regulators issue binding opinions or guidelines related to data protection and privacy. Treating these as individual checkboxes for compliance could become an infinite list of tasks, paralyzing us from innovating privacy-preserving advertising solutions at scale. Fortunately, the vast majority of these laws to date share a foundation of common principles based on the Fair Information Practice Principles. By focusing first on Fair Information Practice Principles, which are our underlying guidelines that we follow to govern our services development, collection, use, storage, and disclosure of Personal Data, Lotame has developed its own guiding set of
Privacy Principles
and has designed and continues to develop a privacy program that can scale to meet the evolving global regulatory environment related to data protection and privacy.
Privacy by Design and by Default
Lotame is committed to the responsible use of Personal Data and other information to help businesses make better decisions regarding online advertising and delivering personalized content while respecting personal privacy. Lotame’s independence, agility, and unique capabilities have made it the leader in the field of responsible data management, identity, and addressability solutions, taking personal privacy into consideration throughout the process of designing, building, and delivering our products and services.
Privacy Choices – Lotame’s Privacy Manager
Lotame offers online tools for individuals to exercise their rights given under various Data Protection and Privacy Laws regarding their Personal Data that Lotame may have. If you are an individual, please visit Lotame’s
Privacy Manager
to exercise your rights under the Data Protection and Privacy Laws applicable to you. If you are a Business Customer or Data Partner, please contact your account representative.
Accountability
Lotame’s Information Security Management System (ISMS) is certified compliant with the ISO/IEC 27001:2013 standard. You can view Lotame’s Certificate of Registration
here
.
Lotame is certified as compliant with the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance Self-Regulatory Programme through TrustArc, an independent Certification Provider. You can view Lotame’s Letter of Attestation through TrustArc
here
.
Lotame is a member in good standing of the NAI.
Memberships
Sub-policy 1
https://www.scg.net.nz/privacy-policy:
Privacy policy
Also see Privacy Act 2020
Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy is designed to assist you in understanding how we collect and use the personal information you provide to us and to assist you in making informed decisions when using our website, social media channels and/or application and our products and services.
SCG Limited is committed to protecting your privacy. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, our social media channels and our application, you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with the Privacy Act 2020 and this privacy statement.
Please read this privacy policy before using the website, our social media channels or our application and submitting any personal information to us. By accessing or using the website, our social media channels or application, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy.
Note: the privacy practices set forth in this privacy policy are for our website, our social media channels and application only. If you click on links to other web sites, please review the privacy policies posted at those sites. In addition, your access and use of the social media platforms that we use (including, Facebook, YouTube, LinkedIn, Pinterest and Twitter) will be subject to the terms and conditions and privacy policies of the companies that operate those platforms.
What information do we collect?
When you visit our website or access, interact with or follow our social media channels or use our application you may provide us with different types of information:
Personal information you knowingly choose to disclose that is collected on an individual basis
Website and application use information collected on an aggregate basis as you and others browse or interact with our website or our social media channels and use our application.
Personal information you choose to provide:
Registration information
You will be asked to provide us with information about yourself, your firm or company, when you register for certain services, such as contact us, email newsletters and alerts. You may also provide additional comments on how you see SCG servicing your needs and interests.
Email information
If you choose to correspond with us through email, we may retain the content of your email messages together with your email address and our responses.
Website use information
The website may use cookie and tracking technology depending on the features offered. Cookie and tracking technology are used for gathering information such as browser type and operating system, tracking the number of visitors to the website, and understanding how visitors use the website. Cookies also help us to customize the website for visitors. Personal information cannot be collected via cookies and other tracking technology, however, if you previously provided personally identifiable information, cookies and the data that they collect may be connected to you using that information. Aggregate cookie and tracking information may be shared with third parties.
Third party vendors, including Google and Facebook, show our ads on sites on the internet
Third party vendors, including Google and Facebook, may use cookies on our website to serve ads on other sites on the internet based on a user’s prior visits to our website
Users may opt out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting the
Google advertising opt-out page
and control the way that Facebook shows ads using Facebook's ad settings (
https://www.facebook.com/ads/settings
).
Where you agree to allow the app to access your location on a mobile device, we may use that information to show you properties around you and give you more relevant search results. Your location information is used only by the app in real time and is not stored by us.
Social media information
When you follow or like our social media channels or like, comment on, share or otherwise interact with any of posts or other content on our social media channels, you may provide information to us about yourself, including your name, profile information and profile picture. The information that you make available can often be controlled through the settings for your account on the relevant social media platform.
Our social media channels are public and everything you share on our posts can be seen by everyone else. Please do not share any personal, confidential or sensitive information when posting on any of our social media channels.
What we do with the information we gather
We use the information you provide for our business purposes, to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Our internal record keeping and business purposes
We may use the information to improve, and to promote and measure the performance of, our products and services, content and advertising
Distribution of information
Your personal information will not be sold to or shared with a third party for that third party’s promotional purposes.
Commitment to Data Security
We have put in place physical, electronic and organisational processes to protect your personally identifiable information. Only authorised employees, agents and contractors (who have agreed to keep information secure and confidential) are granted access to this information.
Right to Access Your Personal Information
You have the right to access personal information that we hold about you and to request correction of that information.