Terms and Conditions
Privacy policy
What information do we collect?
Our web server logs information (IP address, browser user agent) for technical reasons. We also store your email address and email content when contacting us.
Do you collect location data?
We do not collect location data.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
; To personalize your experience
(your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
; To improve our website
(we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
; To send periodic emails
The email address you provide may be used to send you information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.
Do we use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information
We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our software license agreement section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our software below.
Data deletion
You have the right to request deletion of your data by contacting us via email.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our online privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
This policy was last modified on 13-05-2018
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
https://www.tequnique.com/contact
Burgundergasse 16
Guntramsdorf 2353
Austria
contact@tequnique.com
Software license agreement
END-USER LICENSE AGREEMENT FOR PRODUCT IMPORTANT PLEASE READ THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT CAREFULLY BEFORE CONTINUING WITH THIS PROGRAM INSTALL: Tequnique.com End-User License Agreement ("EULA") is a legal agreement between you (either an individual or a single entity) and Tequnique.com for the Tequnique.com PRODUCT(s) identified above which may include associated software components, media, printed materials, and "online" or electronic documentation (refered to as "PRODUCT" in this document). By installing, copying, or otherwise using the PRODUCT, you agree to be bound by the terms of this EULA. This license agreement represents the entire agreement concerning the program between you and Tequnique.com, (referred to as "licenser"), and it supersedes any prior proposal, representation, or understanding between the parties. If you do not agree to the terms of this EULA, do not install or use the PRODUCT.
The PRODUCT is protected by copyright laws and international copyright treaties, as well as other intellectual property laws and treaties. The PRODUCT is licensed, not sold.
1. GRANT OF LICENSE.
The PRODUCT is licensed as follows:
(a) Installation and Use.
Tequnique.com grants you the right to install and use copies of the PRODUCT on your computer running a validly licensed copy of the operating system for which the PRODUCT was designed [e.g., Windows 95, Windows NT, Windows 98, Windows 2000, Windows 2003, Windows XP, Windows ME, Windows Vista, Windows 7, Windows 8, Nokia Symbian, Nokia Meego, Android, etc.].
(b) Backup Copies.
You may also make copies of the PRODUCT as may be necessary for backup and archival purposes.
2. DESCRIPTION OF OTHER RIGHTS AND LIMITATIONS.
(a) Maintenance of Copyright Notices.
You must not remove or alter any copyright notices on any and all copies of the PRODUCT.
(b) Distribution.
You may not distribute registered copies of the PRODUCT to third parties. Evaluation versions available for download from Tequnique.com's websites may be freely distributed.
(c) Prohibition on Reverse Engineering, Decompilation, and Disassembly.
You may not reverse engineer, decompile, or disassemble the PRODUCT, except and only to the extent that such activity is expressly permitted by applicable law notwithstanding this limitation.
(d) Rental.
You may not rent, lease, or lend the PRODUCT.
(e) Support Services.
Tequnique.com may provide you with support services related to the PRODUCT ("Support Services"). Any supplemental software code provided to you as part of the Support Services shall be considered part of the PRODUCT and subject to the terms and conditions of this EULA.
(f) Compliance with Applicable Laws.
You must comply with all applicable laws regarding use of the PRODUCT.
3. TERMINATION
Without prejudice to any other rights, Tequnique.com may terminate this EULA if you fail to comply with the terms and conditions of this EULA. In such event, you must destroy all copies of the PRODUCT in your possession.
4. COPYRIGHT
All title, including but not limited to copyrights, in and to the PRODUCT and any copies thereof are owned by Tequnique.com or its suppliers. All title and intellectual property rights in and to the content which may be accessed through use of the PRODUCT is the property of the respective content owner and may be protected by applicable copyright or other intellectual property laws and treaties. This EULA grants you no rights to use such content. All rights not expressly granted are reserved by Tequnique.com.
5. NO WARRANTIES
Tequnique.com expressly disclaims any warranty for the PRODUCT. The PRODUCT is provided 'As Is' without any express or implied warranty of any kind, including but not limited to any warranties of merchantability, noninfringement, or fitness of a particular purpose. Tequnique.com does not warrant or assume responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of any information, text, graphics, links or other items contained within the PRODUCT. Tequnique.com makes no warranties respecting any harm that may be caused by the transmission of a computer virus, worm, time bomb, logic bomb, or other such computer program. Tequnique.com further expressly disclaims any warranty or representation to Authorized Users or to any third party.
6. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
In no event shall Tequnique.com be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, lost profits, business interruption, or lost information) rising out of 'Authorized Users' use of or inability to use the PRODUCT, even if Tequnique.com has been advised of the possibility of such damages. In no event will Tequnique.com be liable for loss of data or for indirect, special, incidental, consequential (including lost profit), or other damages based in contract, tort or otherwise. Tequnique.com shall have no liability with respect to the content of the PRODUCT or any part thereof, including but not limited to errors or omissions contained therein, libel, infringements of rights of publicity, privacy, trademark rights, business interruption, personal injury, loss of privacy, moral rights or the disclosure of confidential information.
7. CONSUMABLE PRODUCTS
Consumable products are non-refundable.
8. SUBSCRIPTION PRODUCTS
Subscriptions are non-refundable and can be canceled everytime by the user. After canceling the subscription no more payments will be charged from the user. Access to the features activated by the subscription stays functional until the end of the last payment period.