English
Deutsch
Español
Français
简体中文
繁體中文
日本語
한국어
Türkçe
Nederlands
Português
Italiano
Русский
Dansk
Svenska
Norsk bokmål
Suomi
Polski
हिन्दी
فارسی
Bahasa Indonesia
Română
Српски језик
Čeština‎
Magyar
Slovenščina
Ελληνικά
Tiếng Việt
Slovenčina
Hrvatski
Bosanski
Български
Filipino
ไทย
العربية
Català
Afrikaans
Shqip
Eesti
עִבְרִית
Íslenska
Gaeilge
Latin
Latviešu valoda
Lietuvių kalba
Lëtzebuergesch
Bahasa Melayu
ဗမာစာ
नेपाली
پښتو
ਪੰਜਾਬੀ
Українська
יידיש
English
Purpose of this Privacy Policy
This privacy policy describes how Kandy Enterprises LLC, the company that publishes Kandy Magazine treats the personally identifiable information that is collected about you by the Kandy network consisting of kandymag.com (the web site to which this policy is linked), Kandy apps on Apple App store, Amazon App store, and Google Play, and the information collected on behalf of Kandy Magazine of the extent the Kandy network uses third-party service providers to host the website or collect information about site users. All processing of Personal Data (as defined below) is made in accordance with the GDPR.
What is Personally Identifiable Information
“Personally identifiable information” is information that we can use to identify you as an individual. Personally identifiable information includes your name, address, telephone number and any other information that is connected with you personally. For instance, when you enter a sweepstakes or contest, complete a survey, make a purchase, subscribe to our publication(s), register for certain services, or register and/or set up an account/profile to access, visit and/or use certain portions of the Service, or the Service as a whole, you may be provided, or required to choose, a password and/or User ID, and you may provide a credit, debit, or charge card number, or other payment information, as well as your name, telephone number(s), email and/or street address, and other personally identifiable information. Other information such as your age, gender, an avatar, and the number for your mobile or other device may also be requested. In addition, you may be asked to send us similar information via messaging (e.g., email, SMS, MMS, or other technologies). All such information shall be referred to in this Privacy Policy as your “Registration Information”.
Integrated Service Provider and Linked Networks. You can elect to sign in or sign up to Kandy Magazine through a linked network or app store (i.e.Facebook or Google, Apple App Store, Amazon), and you can connect your existing Kandy Magazine account with certain third party networks like Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and LinkedIn (each a “Linked Network”). If you elect to sign up through or connect a Linked Network, we receive certain profile and account information about you from the Linked Network. These Linked Networks may also appear in your profile, so that people can find you on these Linked Networks. The specific information provided to us by Linked Networks is determined by these third parties and may vary by network. In all cases, the permissions page for the Linked Network will describe the information being shared. You should consult their respective privacy policies for information about their practices. You may elect to use information from the Linked Network to populate your profile on Kandymag.com. For information on your choices, including how to disconnect a Linked Network from your Kandymag.com profile, see the “Updating Choices” section below.
Account and Profile Information: When you create an account and profile on Kandymag.com, we collect your name, contact information, and other information you provide, such as topics that you know about or find interesting. Your name, photo, and any other information that you choose to add to your public-facing profile will be available for viewing to users of Kandymag.com. Once you create a profile, other users will be able to see in your profile certain information about your activity on Kandymag.com, such as the questions and answers you post, the information you list as credentials, and your edits to Your Content.
Your Content: We collect and store the information and content that you post to Kandymag.com, including your questions, answers, photos, and comments. Unless you have posted certain content anonymously, Your Content, date and time stamps, and all associated comments are publicly viewable on Kandymag.com, along with your name. This also may be indexed by search engines and be republished elsewhere on the Internet in accordance with our Terms of Service. For more information about what you can change, see the below section on Updating Choices.
Communications. When you communicate with us (via email, phone, through the Quora Platform, or otherwise), we may maintain a record of your communication.
Integrated Service Provider and Linked Networks. You can elect to sign in or sign up to Kandymag.com through a linked network (i.e. Facebook, Instagram or Google), and you can connect your existing Kandymag.com account with certain third party networks like Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn (each a “Linked Network”). If you elect to sign up through or connect a Linked Network, we receive certain profile and account information about you from the Linked Network. These Linked Networks may also appear in your profile, so that people can find you on these Linked Networks. The specific information provided to us by Linked Networks is determined by these third parties and may vary by network. In all cases, the permissions page for the Linked Network will describe the information being shared. You should consult their respective privacy policies for information about their practices. You may elect to use information from the Linked Network to populate your profile on Kandymag.com. For information on your choices, including how to disconnect a Linked Network from your Kandymag.com profile, see the “Updating Choices” section below. You may also elect to connect and make and receive payments to and from use through third party networks (“Integrated Service Provider”); if you do so, you will be allowing us to pass to and receive from the Integrated Service Provider your login information and other user data for payment purposes.
Automatically Collected Information About Your Activity. We use cookies, log files, pixel tags, local storage objects, and other tracking technologies to automatically collect information about your activities, such as your searches, page views, date and time of your visit, and other information about your use of the Kandy network. We also collect and may store information that your computer or mobile device provides to us in connection with your use of the Kandy network such as your browser type, type of computer or mobile device, browser language, IP address, mobile carrier, unique device identifier, location, and requested and referring URLs. We also receive information when you view content on or otherwise interact with the Kandy network, even if you have not created an account. For more information, see the “Cookies, Pixels and Tracking” section below and our Cookie Policy.
Engagement. We collect browsing information – such as IP address and location, date and time stamp, user agent, cookie ID (if applicable), URL, unique advertising or content identifiers (if applicable) and time zone, and other information about user activities on the Kandy network, widgets, plug-ins, buttons, or related services. See the section below about Ads and Personalization for more detailed information about how users of our advertising services (“Ad Services”) on the Kandy network to enable personalization, as well as your choices related to advertising and personalization. We may also receive information about you from third parties, such as other users, partners (including ad partners), or our affiliated companies.
Cookies, Pixels and Tracking
We and our third party providers use cookies, clear GIFs/pixel tags, JavaScript, local storage, log files, and other mechanisms to automatically collect and record information about your usage and browsing activities on Kandymag.com and across third party sites or online services. We may combine this information with other information we collect about users. Below, we provide a brief summary these activities. For more detailed information about these mechanisms and how we collect activity information, see our Cookie Policy.
Cookies. These are small files with a unique identifier that are transferred to your browser through our websites. They allow us to remember users who are logged in, to understand how users navigate through and use Kandymag.com, and to display personalized content and targeted ads (including on third party sites and applications).
Pixels, web beacons, clear GIFs. These are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, which we use to track the online movements of users of Kandymag.com and the web pages of users of our Ad Services, and to personalize content. We also use these in our emails to let us know when they have been opened or forwarded, so we can gauge the effectiveness of our communications.
Analytics Tools. We may use internal and third party analytics tools, including Google Analytics. The third party analytics companies we work with may combine the information collected with other information they have independently collected from other websites and/or other online products and services. Their collection and use of information is subject to their own privacy policies.
Do-Not-Track Signals. Please note we do not change system behavior on Kandymag.com in response to browser requests not to be tracked. You may, however, disable certain tracking by third-parties as discussed in the Ads and Personalization section below. You may also opt out of tracking.
Updating Choices
You may, of course, decline to submit information through Kandymag.com, in which case we may not be able to provide certain services to you. You may also control the types of notifications and communications we send, limit the information shared within Kandymag.com about you, and otherwise amend certain privacy settings. Here is some further information about some of your choices:
Anonymous Posts. You may post certain content anonymously, including questions and answers. In such event, your name is not displayed along with the content, and Kandymag.com does not associate such content with your user ID and other profile data.
Your Content. You may edit or delete content that you post at any time. Any deleted content will be removed from third party sites from which it has been shared via Kandymag.com’s standard sharing features; however we have no control over deletions or changes to Your Content if it has been shared manually by others.
Emails and Communications. When you join Kandymag.com by signing up for an account or creating a profile, as part of the service, you have the option to receive the Kandymag.com newsletter containing content that you set to match your interests. You can manage your email and notice preferences in your account profile settings, under your Emails and Notifications settings. If you opt out of receiving emails about recommendations or other information, we may still send you transactional e-mails about your account or any services you have requested or received from us.
Third parties may comment on your postings within Kandymag.com. In your profile, under your Privacy Settings, you can adjust whether to allow people to comment on your answers and posts. You can also adjust permissions about who you allow to send you messages on Kandymag.com.
Followers. You can block the ability of another Kandymag.com user to follow you by selecting the setting for this in the other user’s profile. You can change whether or not you follow other users.
Topics. You can change topics that you follow or that your profile lists as areas that you know about.
Credentials. You can change your credentials that are displayed in your profile or in connection with a specific answer.
Indexed Search. In your privacy settings, you can control whether your profile and name is indexed by search engines. Changes to privacy settings may only apply on a going-forward basis; for example, your name (e.g., answers and profile) that has already been indexed by search engines may remain indexed for a period of time even after you have turned off indexing, as implementing this change is outside of our control.
Deleted or Deactivated Account. If you choose Delete Your Account in your privacy settings, then all of Your Content will be removed from public visibility on Kandymag.com, and it may not be restored by us, even if you change your mind. If you choose Deactivate Your Account, then you will no longer receive any communications from us, and users will not be able to interact with you; however Your Content will remain on Kandymag.com unless you elect to delete the content. Once you deactivate your account, you can reactivate it any time by choosing to log in.
Collection of Personally Identifiable Information
Kandymag.com generally collects personally identifiable information with your specific knowledge and consent. For instance, when you complete a survey, subscribe to our newsletter, or send us e-mail, you will be asked to provide information such as your e-mail address, name, age, gender and phone number. Optional information may also be requested. This information may be collected by third party service providers with whom kandymag.com contracts to host the web site or to fulfill requests for services; in that event, Kandymag.com asks such service providers to make the personal information available only to Kandy Enterprises LLC for Kandy Enterprises LLC to use in accordance with the terms of this policy and not to use the information for any other purpose.
Kandy Enterprises LLC uses this information to provide you with the service you have requested. If you elect to receive our newsletter or magazine, we may use your e-mail address to send you a confirmation notice. Similarly, if you enter online sweepstakes, we will use this information to notify you if you are a winner.
In addition, Kandy Enterprises LLC uses information you provide us through emails and in response to polls for editorial purposes. Please be advised that any such submissions become the property of, Kandy Enterprises LLC and may be used by Kandy Enterprises LLC for any lawful purpose.
How We Use Your Information
We do not sell your personal data – such as your name and contact information – to third parties to use for their own marketing purposes. Kandy uses the information we collect for the following purposes:
Provide our Services. To provide you the services we offer on the Kandy network, communicate with you about your use of the Kandy network, respond to your inquiries, provide troubleshooting, and for other customer service purposes.
Personalization. To tailor the content and information that we may send or display to you on Kandymag.com, to offer location customization, and personalized help and instructions, and to otherwise personalize your experiences while using Kandymag.com.
Advertising. To display interest-based advertising to you on Kandymag.com and in the Kandy apps, to improve our advertising and measurement systems so we can show you relevant ads, and to measure the effectiveness and reach of ads and services. For more information, see the Ad Services section below about Ads and Personalization.
Marketing and Promotions. For marketing and promotional purposes, such as to send you news and newsletters, special offers, and promotions, or to otherwise contact you about products or information we think may interest you, including information about third party products and services.
Analytics. To gather metrics to better understand how users access and use Kandymag.com and affiliated products and apps; to evaluate and improve Kandymag.com and apps, including the Ad Services and personalization, and to develop new products and services.
Comply with Law. To comply with legal obligations, as part of our general business operations, and for other business administration purposes.
Prevent Misuse. Where we believe necessary to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person or violations of our Terms of Service or this Privacy Policy.
How We Share Your Information
We share information as set forth below, and where individuals have otherwise consented:
Service Providers. We may share your information with third party service providers who use this information to perform services for us, such as payment processors, hosting providers, auditors, advisors, consultants, customer service and support providers, as well as those who assist us in providing the Ad Services.
Affiliates. The information collected about you may be accessed by or shared with subsidiaries and affiliates of Kandy Enterprises LLC., whose use and disclosure of your personal information is subject to this Privacy Policy.
Business Transfers. We may disclose or transfer information, including personal information, as part of any merger, sale, and transfer of our assets, acquisition or restructuring of all or part of our business, bankruptcy, or similar event.
Legally Required. We may disclose your information if we are required to do so by law.
Protection of Rights. We may disclose information where we believe it necessary to respond to claims asserted against us or, comply with legal process (e.g., subpoenas or warrants), enforce or administer our agreements and terms, for fraud prevention, risk assessment, investigation, and protect the rights, property or safety of Kandy Enterprises LLC, its users, or others.
Your Content and Activity. Your Content, including your name, profile picture, profile information, and certain associated activity information is available to other users of Kandymag.com and may be viewed publicly. Public viewing includes availability to non-registered visitors and can occur when users share Your Content across other sites or services. In addition, Your Content may be indexed by search engines. See the section below about Updating Choices for information about how you may change how certain information is shared or viewed by others.
Metrics. We may share with users of our advertisers or publishers aggregate statistics, metrics and other reports about the performance of their ads or content on Kandymag.com such as the number of unique user views, demographics about the users who saw their ads or content, conversion rates, and date and time information. We do not share IP addresses or personal information. We may also allow our advertisers or publishers to use Pixels on Kandymag.com in order to collect information about the performance of their ads or content.
Anonymized and Aggregated Data. We may share aggregated or de-identified information with third parties for research, marketing, analytics and other purposes, provided such information does not identify a particular individual.
Ads and Personalization
We may display personalized content (including from third party publishers) and personalized ads (including sponsored content), based on information that we have collected via the Kandy network, and through widgets, and buttons embedded on third party sites. We also may report aggregated or de-identified information about the number of users that saw a particular ad or content and related audience engagement information to users of our Ad Services and to publishers of content on the Kandy network.
Users of our Ad Services may also provide us with information as part of their ad campaigns, including customer list information (e.g., email addresses and demographic or interest data) with us in order to create customized audiences for their ad campaigns; we only use this information to facilitate the particular user’s campaign (including ad metrics and reporting to that user) or for fraud detection and security purposes; and we do not disclose this information to third parties (other than our service providers) unless required by law. We also do not disclose to the users of our Ad Services the names or identities of their customers that were successfully reached as part of such campaigns.
As described in our Cookie Policy, we may also work with third parties such as network advertisers to serve ads on the Kandy network and on third-party websites or other media (e.g., social networking platforms), such as Google AdSense (more info here) and Facebook Audience Network (more info here). These third parties may use cookies, JavaScript, web beacons (including clear GIFs), Flash LSOs and other tracking technologies to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content to you.
You may opt out of much interest-based advertising on third party sites and through third party ad networks (including Facebook Audience Network and Google AdSense). See “Updating Choices” section for more information about opting out of third-party ad networks.
Access and Amend Your Information
You may update or correct your account information at any time by logging in to your account. You may also make a number of other adjustments to settings or the display of information about you as described in more detail in the section Updating Choices.
Information Security and Notification
Because no data transmission is completely secure, and no system of physical or electronic security is impenetrable, we cannot guarantee the security of the information you send to us or the security of our servers, networks or databases, and by using the Service you agree to assume all risk in connection with the information sent to us or collected by us when you access, visit and/or use the Service, including without limitation your personally identifiable information or other Registration Information, and we are not responsible for any loss of such information or the consequences thereof.
Moreover, if you elect to store information, such as your personally identifiable information or other Registration Information, where others may access it, we are not responsible for any loss of such information or the consequences thereof. If you lose a computer, mobile or other device, or it is stolen, that contains your personally identifiable information or other Registration Information, it is up to you to take all the steps necessary to protect yourself
In the unlikely event that we believe that the security of your information in our possession or control may have been compromised, we may seek to notify you. If notification is appropriate, we may notify you via your computer, mobile or other device.
IP Address
Your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address is usually associated with the place from which you enter the Internet, like your Internet Service Provider, your company or your university. We may use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our servers, gather broad demographic information, and administer our website.
Links to Other Websites
Kandymag.com may contain links to third party sites or online services. We are not responsible for the practices of such third parties, whose information practices are subject to their own policies and procedures, not to this Privacy Policy.
Third Party Ad Networks
For information about and to opt out of interest-based ads from many ad networks, go to:
U.S.: www.aboutads.info Internet Advertising Bureau
Canada: www.youradchoices.ca
European Union: www.youronlinechoices.eu/
Linked Networks. You may connect or disconnect your Linked Networks, such as Facebook, through the Account Settings tab in your profile settings, and you may access, amend and delete much of your profile information through your profile settings. Once you disconnect a Linked Network, we will not receive information from that Linked Network going forward; unless you choose to reconnect it. You may also control whether the Linked Network is visible in your profile.
Kids And Parents
The sites covered by this policy are not intended for use by children, especially those under age 17. No one under age 17 is allowed to provide any personal information or use our public discussion areas, forums, blogs, photos and video galleries, and chats. Minors between the ages of 13 and 17, inclusive, must get the permission of their parent(s) or legal guardian(s) before making purchases, including subscriptions, on this Service.
If you’re worried about your children’s activities or their privacy on our site, we encourage you to e-mail Kandy Enterprises LLC at privacy@kandymag.com.
Notice to California Customers – Your California Privacy Rights:
California’s “Shine the Light” law, Civil Code section 1798.83, requires certain businesses to respond to requests from California customers asking about the business’ practices related to disclosing personal information to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. Alternately, such businesses may have in place a policy not to disclose personal information of customers to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes if the customer has exercised an option to opt-out of such information-sharing. We have such a policy in place. If you wish to opt-out of our sharing of your information with third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes or to find out more about your opt-out rights, please contact our privacy@kandymag.com
Privacy Policy Changes
Kandy Enterprises LLC may modify this Privacy Policy as necessary. If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy that expand our rights to use your personal information, we will notify you to seek your consent through email or a prominent posting on the site.