VERSION 3
Last revised on: March 21, 2019
Welcome to Tinybop. We are a studio of designers, developers and artists building a suite of educational applications for kids – what we call the toys for tomorrow. We operate the website located at
https://tinybop.com
(which we call the Site) and mobile,  tablet, and web applications designed to encourage a child’s exploration and creativity through immersive games (which we call Applications or Apps, and collectively with the Site and all services provided through the Site and Applications, the Services). Certain features of the Services may be subject to additional guidelines, terms, or rules, which will be posted in the terms in connection with such features. All such additional terms, guidelines, and rules are incorporated by reference into this agreement.
These Terms of Use (which we call the Agreement) set forth the legally binding terms for your use of the Services whether you are simply a Visitor (meaning you are just browsing the site) or a Subscriber, which means you have downloaded or use an Application. Collectively, Visitors and Subscribers are referred to as Users or individually as a User or you.
A NOTE ABOUT CHILDREN:
WE DO NOT COLLECT ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION ABOUT CHILDREN.
The Applications are designed for use by children. We share your concern for the privacy of children and do not knowingly collect any information about children through the Applications. In fact, except for Parent Information (as defined below) we do not transmit any information recorded on the Applications back to our servers. “Parent Information” means a parent’s email address collected for the purpose of sending a parent or other adult information about the Applications and recording an adults use of the “parents section” of the Application using certain analytics tools as more fully described in our
Privacy Policy
.
BY ACCESSING OR USING THE SERVICES, YOU  ACCEPT THIS AGREEMENT (ON BEHALF OF YOURSELF OR THE ENTITY THAT YOU REPRESENT) AND YOU CONFIRM THAT YOU HAVE THE RIGHT, AUTHORITY, AND CAPACITY TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT (ON BEHALF OF YOURSELF OR THE ENTITY THAT YOU REPRESENT). IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ALL OF THE PROVISIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT, DO NOT ACCESS AND/OR USE THE SERVICES.
1. ACCOUNTS.
The Applications may allow an adult to create a parent’s account which we call a Dashboard that allows the parent or other adult to manage settings in the Application. An Application may allow your child or children to create accounts. Different accounts allow each child to save their own progress in each Application. When creating accounts for you or your child, you can use real names or aliases, as you think appropriate. All such information remains on the Application and is not transmitted or made available to us, unless you make such information available to us, for example, as part of our support services (see Section 6 below). If you create a parent account, you may be required to provide a username and password (which we call Credentials), which you may not share with anyone else, including your child. If someone accesses your Account using your Credentials, we (or the programming within the Application) will rely on those Credentials and will assume that it is really you who is accessing the parent account. You are solely responsible for any and all use of your Credentials and all activities that occur in connection with your Credentials. You may delete any account in accordance with the directions provided in the Applications or on the
Site
.
2. LICENSES; OUR TECHNOLOGY; RESTRICTIONS ON USE.
Right to Use Site. Tinybop grants you and any child you authorize a non-transferable, non-exclusive, right to access the Site and use the Services for your personal and non-professional use, subject at all times to the terms of this Agreement. As part of your use of the Site you may be able to download user guides or other information that will assist you and your child in using the Applications. Any such downloadable guides and information are our “Content” as defined below and are governed by this Agreement and any additional restrictions, if any, that are made known to you at the time of download or within the guide or information itself.
License to Use Application. Tinybop grants you a limited non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, revocable license to use, and to authorize your child to use, the Services made available through the Application and to download, install and use a copy of the Application on a single mobile device or computer that you own or control solely for your personal and non-professional use, subject at all times to the terms of this Agreement. Furthermore, with respect to any Application accessed through or downloaded from the App Store (an App Store Sourced Application), you will only use the App Store Sourced Application (i) on an Apple-branded product that runs iOS (Apple’s proprietary operating system) and (ii) as permitted by the Usage Rules set forth in the App Store Terms of Service. With respect to any Application accessed through or downloaded from the Google Play Store (a Google Play Store Sourced Application), you will only use the Google Play Store Sourced Application (i) on an Android product that runs Google’s proprietary operating system) and (ii) as permitted by the Usage Rules set forth in the Google Play Store Terms of Service.Use of the Application is also subject to the provisions of Section 6(b). You are responsible for the acts and omissions of your child and any breach of this Agreement by your child will be deemed a breach of this Agreement by you.
Our Technology and Content. You agree that the software, code, proprietary methods and systems used to provide the Services (our Technology) and the materials, information and content made available or displayed by us on the Site or through the Services, including all text, graphics, images and the look and feel (collectively, our Content) are: (i) copyrighted by us, our licensors and/or other licensors under United States and international copyright laws; (ii) subject to other intellectual property and proprietary rights and laws; and (iii) owned by us or our licensors. Tinybop and the stylized Tinybop trademark and other related graphics, logos, service marks and trade names used on or in connection with the Services are our trademarks (“our Marks”) and may not be used without permission in connection with any third-party products or services. Other trademarks, service marks and trade names that may appear on or in the Services are the property of their respective owners. Except for the limited licenses provided herein, we reserve all right, title and interest in our Content, Marks and Technology.
User Restrictions on Intellectual Property. The rights and licenses granted to you in this Agreement are subject to the following, you will: (i) not license, sell, rent, lease, transfer, assign, reproduce, distribute, host or otherwise exploit the Services, including the Content, except as expressly authorized in this Agreement, (ii) not modify, disassemble, decompile, or reverse engineer any part of the Services, including the Content; (iii) not access the Services in order to build a similar or competitive website, application or service; (iv) not copy, reproduce, distribute, republish, download, display, post or transmit in any form or by any means any part of the Services, including the Content; and (v) not remove or destroy any copyright notices or other proprietary markings contained on or in the Services or the Content. Any future release, update or other addition to the Services will be subject to this Agreement.
Feedback. You agree that submission of any ideas, suggestions, documents, and/or proposals to us, including through any suggestion or feedback pages (Feedback) is at your own risk and that we have no obligations (including without limitation obligations of confidentiality) with respect to such Feedback. You represent and warrant that you have all rights necessary to submit the Feedback. You hereby grant to us a fully paid, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, non-exclusive, and fully sublicensable right and license to use, reproduce, perform, display, distribute, adapt, modify, re-format, create derivative works of, and otherwise commercially or non-commercially exploit in any manner, any and all Feedback, and to sublicense the foregoing rights without restriction and in all media now known and later developed.
3. USER CONTENT.
“User Content” means any and all information and content that you or your child incorporates into an Application, including through the Dashboard. You are solely responsible for your User Content and for creating backup copies of your User Content if you desire.
4. ACCEPTABLE USE POLICY.
As we teach our own children, we believe that you should do unto others as you would have others do unto you and with that in mind, we’ve established this Acceptable Use Policy. Please respect it. We say “please” to be polite (and to do unto others … ), but please means that you must comply with these policies. Accordingly, you agree not to:
harvest, collect, gather or assemble information or data regarding other users, including e-mail addresses, without their and our consent;
interfere with, disrupt, or create an undue burden on servers or networks connected to the Services or violate the regulations, policies or procedures of such networks;
attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Services, other computer systems or networks connected to or used together with the Services, through password mining or other means;
harass or interfere with another user’s use and enjoyment of the Services;
introduce software or automated agents or scripts to the Services so as to produce multiple accounts, generate automated searches, requests and queries, or to strip, scrape, or mine data from the Services (except that we grant the operators of public search engines revocable permission to use spiders to copy materials from the Services for the sole purpose of and solely to the extent necessary for creating publicly available searchable indices of the materials, but not caches or archives of such materials);
harass, defame, libel, defraud, threaten, infringe the privacy of, or tortuously injure the Site’s users and customers;
upload, transmit, display or distribute any offensive, discriminatory, obscene, vulgar, patently offensive, harmful or pornographic content, or any content that is otherwise objectionable;
infringe on our Intellectual Property Rights (“IP Rights”) or the IP Rights of third parties, which may encompass copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret, or other proprietary rights;
interfere with our ability to provide Services to our users and subscribers;
upload, post, e-mail, transmit or otherwise make available any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, “junk mail,” “spam,” “chain letters,” “pyramid schemes,” or any other form of solicitation;
systematically retrieve data or other content from our Services to create or compile, directly or indirectly, in single or multiple downloads, a collection, compilation, database, directory or the like, whether by manual methods, through the use of bots, crawlers, spiders, or otherwise;
use, display, mirror or frame the Services, or any individual element within the Services, including our arks or other proprietary information, or the layout and design of any page or form contained on a page, without our express written consent, and
use any unauthorized software that accesses, intercepts, “mines” or otherwise collects information from or through the Services or that is in transit from or to the Services, including, but not limited to, any software that reads areas of RAM or streams of network traffic used by the Services.
5. THIRD-PARTY SERVICES.
Third-Party Websites. The Site and the Applications may contain links to third-party websites (“Third-Party Websites”) and the Site may contain links for third party products and services. When you click on a link to a Third-Party Website, we will not warn you that you have left the Services and are subject to the terms and conditions (including privacy policies) of another website or destination. The Third-Party Websites are not under the control of Tinybop. Tinybop is not responsible for any Third-Party Websites. We provide these Third-Party Websites only as a convenience and do not review, approve, monitor, endorse, warrant, or make any representations with respect to Third-Party Websites, or their products or services. You use all links in Third-Party Websites at your own risk. When you leave our Website, our Terms and policies no longer govern. You should review applicable terms and policies, including privacy and data gathering practices, of any Third-Party Websites, and should make whatever investigation you feel necessary or appropriate before proceeding with any transaction with any third party.
App Store
When you download our Applications, you may do so through Apple Corporation’s App Store, a third party. You acknowledge that this Agreement is between you and us and not the App Store. As between the App Store and us, we, not the App Store, are solely responsible for the Services, including the Application, the content, maintenance, support services, and warranty, and addressing any claims relating (e.g., product liability, legal compliance or intellectual property infringement). In order to use the Application, you must have access to a wireless network, and you agree to pay all fees associated with such access. You also agree to pay all fees (if any) charged by the App Store in connection with the Services, including the Application. You acknowledge that the App Store (and its subsidiaries) are third-party beneficiaries of the Agreement and will have the right to enforce them. The following applies to any Application accessed through or downloaded from the App Store (App Store Sourced Application):
(i) You acknowledge and agree that (A) the Terms are concluded between you and Tinybop only, and not Apple, and (ii) as between Tinybop and Apple, Tinybop, not Apple, is solely responsible for the App Store Sourced Application and content thereof. Your use of the App Store Sourced Application must comply with the App Store Terms of Service.
(ii) You acknowledge that Apple has no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to the App Store Sourced Application.
(iii) In the event of any failure of the App Store Sourced Application to conform to any applicable warranty, you may notify Apple, and Apple will refund the purchase price for the App Store Sourced Application to you and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Apple will have no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the App Store Sourced Application. As between Tinybop and Apple, any other claims, losses, liabilities, damages, costs or expenses attributable to any failure to conform to any warranty will be the sole responsibility of Tinybop.
(iv) You and we acknowledge that, as between Tinybop and Apple, Apple is not responsible for addressing any claims you have or any claims of any third party relating to the App Store Sourced Application or your possession and use of the App Store Sourced Application, including, but not limited to: (i) product liability claims; (ii) any claim that the App Store Sourced Application fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement; and (iii) claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation.
(v) You and we acknowledge that, in the event of any third-party claim that the App Store Sourced Application or your possession and use of that App Store Sourced Application infringes that third party’s intellectual property rights, as between Tinybop and Apple, Tinybop, not Apple, will be solely responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement and discharge of any such intellectual property infringement claim to the extent required by the Agreement.
(vi) You and we acknowledge and agree that Apple, and Apple’s subsidiaries, are third-party beneficiaries of the Agreement as related to your license of the App Store Sourced Application, and that, upon your acceptance of the terms and conditions of the Agreement, Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce the Agreement as related to your license of the App Store Sourced Application against you as a third-party beneficiary thereof.
(vii) Without limiting any other terms of the Agreement, you must comply with all applicable third-party terms of agreement when using the App Store Sourced Application.
Google Play Store
When you download our Applications, you may do so through Google’s Play Store, a third party. You acknowledge that this Agreement is between you and us and not the Google Play Store. As between the Google Play Store and us, we, not the Google Play Store, are solely responsible for the Services, including the Application, the content, maintenance, support services, and warranty, and addressing any claims relating (e.g., product liability, legal compliance or intellectual property infringement). In order to use the Application, you must have access to a wireless network, and you agree to pay all fees associated with such access. You also agree to pay all fees (if any) charged by the Google Play Store in connection with the Services, including the Application. You acknowledge that the Google Play Store (and its subsidiaries) are third-party beneficiaries of the Agreement and will have the right to enforce them. The following applies to any Application accessed through or downloaded from the Google Play Store (which we call a Google Play Store Sourced Application):
(i) You acknowledge and agree that (A) the Terms are concluded between you and Tinybop only, and not Google, and (ii) as between Tinybop and Google, Tinybop, not Google, is solely responsible for the Google Play Store Sourced Application and content thereof. Your use of the Google Play Store Sourced Application must comply with the Google Play Store Terms of Service.
(ii) You acknowledge that Google has no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to the Google Play Store Sourced Application.
(iii) In the event of any failure of the Google Play Store Sourced Application to conform to any applicable warranty, you may notify Google, and Google will refund the purchase price for the Google Play Store Sourced Application to you and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Google will have no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the Google Play Store Sourced Application. As between Tinybop and Google, any other claims, losses, liabilities, damages, costs or expenses attributable to any failure to conform to any warranty will be the sole responsibility of Tinybop.
(iv) You and we acknowledge that, as between Tinybop and Google, Google is not responsible for addressing any claims you have or any claims of any third party relating to the Google Play Store Sourced Application or your possession and use of the Google Play Store Sourced Application, including, but not limited to: (i) product liability claims; (ii) any claim that the Google Play Store Sourced Application fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement; and (iii) claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation.
(v) You and we acknowledge that, in the event of any third-party claim that the Google Play Store Sourced Application or your possession and use of that Google Play Store Sourced Application infringes that third party’s intellectual property rights, as between Tinybop and Google, Tinybop, not Google, will be solely responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement and discharge of any such intellectual property infringement claim to the extent required by the Agreement.
(vi) You and we acknowledge and agree that Google, and Google’s subsidiaries, are third-party beneficiaries of the Agreement as related to your license of the Google Play Store Sourced Application, and that, upon your acceptance of the terms and conditions of the Agreement, Google will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce the Agreement as related to your license of the Google Play Store Sourced Application against you as a third-party beneficiary thereof.
(vii) Without limiting any other terms of the Agreement, you must comply with all applicable third-party terms of agreement when using the Google Play Store Sourced Application.
6. TECHNICAL SUPPORT.
If you are having a technical problem with the Services, including any Application, you may ask for technical support by writing to
support@tinybop.com
. When writing to us, please be sure to tell us which app you’re using, where in the Application it crashed, and the device you’re using. We’ll do our best to help you solve any technical problem, but we don’t warrant, and specifically disclaim, that we will be able to resolve all technical issues.
7. INDEMNITY.
You agree to indemnify and hold Tinybop (and our officers, employees, and agents) harmless, including costs and attorneys’ fees, from any claim or demand due to or arising out of (a) your use of the Services, (b) your Content, (c) your violation of this Agreement; or (d) your violation of applicable laws or regulations. We reserve the right, at your expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter for which you are required to indemnify us and you agree to cooperate with our defense of these claims. You agree not to settle any matter without our prior written consent. We will use reasonable efforts to notify you of any such claim, action or proceeding upon becoming aware of it.
8. DISCLAIMERS.
THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED “AS-IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” AND WE (AND OUR SUPPLIERS) EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ANY WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, QUIET ENJOYMENT, ACCURACY, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. WE (AND OUR SUPPLIERS) MAKE NO WARRANTY THAT THE SITE OR SERVICES: (A) WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS; (B) WILL BE AVAILABLE ON AN UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE BASIS; OR (C) WILL BE ACCURATE, RELIABLE, FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL CODE, COMPLETE, LEGAL, OR SAFE.
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
9. LIMITATION ON LIABILITY.
IN NO EVENT WILL WE (AND OUR SUPPLIERS) BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY LOST PROFIT OR ANY INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR YOUR USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE, THE SERVICES, EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. ACCESS TO, AND USE OF, THE SERVICES ARE AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK, AND YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA RESULTING THEREFROM.
NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY CONTAINED HEREIN, OUR LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ANY DAMAGES ARISING FROM OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT (FOR ANY CAUSE WHATSOEVER AND REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF THE ACTION), WILL AT ALL TIMES BE LIMITED TO THE GREATER OF (A) ONE HUNDRED US DOLLARS ($100) OR (B) AMOUNTS YOU’VE PAID TINYBOP UNDER THIS AGREEMENT IN THE 12 MONTHS PERIOD IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING THE DAY THE CLAIM AROSE (IF ANY). THE EXISTENCE OF MORE THAN ONE CLAIM WILL NOT ENLARGE THIS LIMIT. YOU AGREE THAT OUR SUPPLIERS WILL HAVE NO LIABILITY OF ANY KIND ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT.
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OF CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
10. RELEASE.
You hereby release and forever discharge us (and our officers, employees, agents, successors, and assigns) from, and hereby waive and relinquish, each and every past, present and future dispute, claim, controversy, demand, right, obligation, liability, action and cause of action of every kind and nature (including personal injuries, death, and property damage), that has arisen or arises directly or indirectly out of, or relates directly or indirectly to, any interactions with, or act or omission of, other Service users or Third Party Sites & Advertisements. IF YOU ARE A CALIFORNIA RESIDENT, YOU HEREBY WAIVE CALIFORNIA CIVIL CODE SECTION 1542 IN CONNECTION WITH THE FOREGOING, WHICH STATES: “A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS WHICH THE CREDITOR DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE, WHICH IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER MUST HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR.”
11. TERM AND TERMINATION.
Subject to this Section, this Agreement will remain in full force and effect while you use the Services. We may (a) suspend your rights to use the Services (including your Tinybop Account) or (b) terminate this Agreement, at any time for any reason at our sole discretion, including for any use of the Services in violation of this Agreement. Upon termination of this Agreement, your Tinybop Account and right to access and use the Site and Services will terminate immediately. You understand that any termination of your Tinybop Account may involve deletion of your Content associated from our live databases. Tinybop will not have any liability whatsoever to you for any termination of this Agreement, including for termination of your Tinybop Account or deletion of your Content. Even after this Agreement is terminated, the following provisions of this Agreement will remain in effect: Sections 2(c) through 2(e) and 3 – 17.
12. COPYRIGHT POLICY.
We respect the intellectual property of others and ask that users of our Services do the same. In connection with our Services, we have adopted and implemented a policy respecting copyright law that provides for the removal of any infringing materials and for the termination, in appropriate circumstances, of users of our Services who are repeat infringers of intellectual property rights, including copyrights. If you believe that one of our users is, through the use of our Services, unlawfully infringing the copyright(s) in a work, and wish to have the allegedly infringing material removed, the following information in the form of a written notification (pursuant to 17 U.S.C. § 512(c)) must be provided to our designated Copyright Agent:
a. your physical or electronic signature;
b. identification of the copyrighted work(s) that you claim to have been infringed;
c. identification of the material on our services that you claim is infringing and that you request us to remove;
d. sufficient information to permit us to locate such material;
e. your address, telephone number, and e-mail address;
f. a statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the objectionable material is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or under the law; and
g. a statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are either the owner of the copyright that has allegedly been infringed or that you are authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner.
Please note that, pursuant to 17 U.S.C. § 512(f), any misrepresentation of material fact (falsities) in a written notification automatically subjects the complaining party to liability for any damages, costs and attorney’s fees incurred by us in connection with the written notification and allegation of copyright infringement.
The designated Copyright Agent for Tinybop is:
Raul Gutierrez
Tinybop Inc.
540 Atlantic Avenue
5th Floor
Brooklyn, NY 11217
Email:
copyright@tinybop.com
13. PRIVACY POLICY.
Please review our Privacy Policy, located at
http://tinybop.com/privacy
, which governs the use of personal information on the Services.
14. ARBITRATION AGREEMENT AND JURY TRIAL WAIVER, CLASS ACTION WAIVER, AND FORUM SELECTION CLAUSE.
a. Any and all controversies, disputes, demands, counts, claims, or causes of action (including the interpretation and scope of this clause, and the arbitrability of the controversy, dispute, demand, count, claim, or cause of action) between you and us or our employees, agents, successors, or assigns, will exclusively be settled through binding and confidential arbitration.
b. Arbitration will be subject to the Federal Arbitration Act and not any state arbitration law. The arbitration will be conducted before one commercial arbitrator with substantial experience in resolving commercial contract disputes from the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”). As modified by this Agreement, and unless otherwise agreed upon by the parties in writing, the arbitration will be governed by the AAA’s Commercial Arbitration Rules and, if the arbitrator deems them applicable, the Supplementary Procedures for Consumer Related Disputes (collectively “Rules and Procedures”).
c. You are thus GIVING UP YOUR RIGHT TO GO TO COURT to assert or defend your rights EXCEPT for matters that may be taken to small claims court. Your rights will be determined by a NEUTRAL ARBITRATOR and NOT a judge or jury. You are entitled to a FAIR HEARING, BUT the arbitration procedures are SIMPLER AND MORE LIMITED THAN RULES APPLICABLE IN COURT. Arbitrator decisions are as enforceable as any court order and are subject to VERY LIMITED REVIEW BY A COURT.
d. You and Tinybop must abide by the following rules: (a) ANY CLAIMS BROUGHT BY YOU OR US MUST BE BROUGHT IN THE PARTIES’ INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING; (b) THE ARBITRATOR MAY NOT CONSOLIDATE MORE THAN ONE PERSON’S CLAIMS, MAY NOT OTHERWISE PRESIDE OVER ANY FORM OF A REPRESENTATIVE OR CLASS PROCEEDING, AND MAY NOT AWARD CLASS-WIDE RELIEF, (c) in the event that you are able to demonstrate that the costs of arbitration will be prohibitive as compared to costs of litigation, we will pay as much of your filing and hearing fees in connection with the arbitration as the arbitrator deems necessary to prevent the arbitration from being cost-prohibitive as compared to the cost of litigation, (d) we also reserve the right in our sole and exclusive discretion to assume responsibility for all of the costs of the arbitration; (e) the arbitrator will honor claims of privilege and privacy recognized at law; (f) the arbitration will be confidential, and neither you nor we may disclose the existence, content or results of any arbitration, except as may be required by law or for purposes of enforcement of the arbitration award; (g) the arbitrator may award any individual relief or individual remedies that are permitted by applicable law; and (h) each side pays its own attorneys’ fees and expenses unless there is a statutory provision that requires the prevailing party to be paid its fees’ and litigation expenses, and then in such instance, the fees and costs awarded will be determined by the applicable law.
e. Notwithstanding the foregoing, either You or we may bring an individual action in small claims court. Further, claims of defamation, violation of the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act, and infringement or misappropriation of the other party’s patent, copyright, trademark, or trade secret will not be subject to this arbitration agreement. Such claims will be exclusively brought in the state or federal courts located in Brooklyn, New York. Additionally, notwithstanding this agreement to arbitrate, either party may seek emergency equitable relief before the state or federal courts located in Brooklyn, New York in order to maintain the status quo pending arbitration, and hereby agree to submit to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of the courts located within Brooklyn, New York for such purpose. A request for interim measures will not be deemed a waiver of the right to arbitrate.
f. With the exception of subparts (a) and (b) in the paragraph above (prohibiting arbitration on a class or collective basis), if any part of this arbitration provision is deemed to be invalid, unenforceable or illegal, or otherwise conflicts with the Rules and Procedures, then the balance of this arbitration provision will remain in effect and will be construed in accordance with its terms as if the invalid, unenforceable, illegal or conflicting provision were not contained herein. If, however, either subpart (a) or (b) is found to be invalid, unenforceable or illegal, then the entirety of this arbitration provision will be null and void, and neither You nor we will be entitled to arbitration. If for any reason a claim proceeds in court rather than in arbitration, the dispute will be exclusively brought in state or federal court in Brooklyn, New York.
g. For more information on AAA, its Rules and Procedures, and how to file an arbitration claim, you may call AAA at 800-778-7879 or visit the AAA website at
http://www.adr.org
.
15. INTERNATIONAL USERS.
The Services can be accessed from countries around the world and may contain references to Services and Content that are not available in your country. These references do not imply that we intend to announce such Services or Content in your country. The Services are controlled and offered by us from our facilities in the United States of America. We make no representations that Services are appropriate or available for use in other locations. Those who access or use the Services from other jurisdictions do so at their own volition and are responsible for compliance with local law.
16. GENERAL.
(a) Changes to Terms of Use. This Agreement is subject to occasional revision, and if we make any substantial changes, we may notify you by sending you an e-mail to the last e-mail address you provided to us (if any) and/or by prominently posting notice of the changes on our Site. Any changes to this agreement will be effective upon the earlier of thirty (30) calendar days following our dispatch of an e-mail notice to you (if applicable) or thirty (30) calendar days following our posting of notice of the changes on our Site. These changes will be effective immediately for new users of our Services. You are responsible for providing us with your most current e-mail address. In the event that the last e-mail address that you have provided us is not valid, or for any reason is not capable of delivering to you the notice described above, our dispatch of the e-mail containing such notice will nonetheless constitute effective notice of the changes described in the notice. Continued use of our Services following notice of such changes will indicate your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of such changes.
(b) Choice Of Law. The Agreement is made under and will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, consistent with the Federal Arbitration Act, without giving effect to any principles that provide for the application of the law of another jurisdiction.
(c) Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between you and us regarding the use of the Services. Our failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of this Agreement will not operate as a waiver of such right or provision. The section titles in this Agreement are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect. The word including means including without limitation. If any provision of this Agreement is, for any reason, held to be invalid or unenforceable, the other provisions of this Agreement will be unimpaired and the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed modified so that it is valid and enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by law. Your relationship to us is that of an independent contractor, and neither party is an agent or partner of the other. This Agreement, and your rights and obligations herein, may not be assigned, subcontracted, delegated, or otherwise transferred by you without our prior written consent, and any attempted assignment, subcontract, delegation, or transfer in violation of the foregoing will be null and void. The terms of this Agreement will be binding upon assignees.
(d) Copyright/Trademark Information. Copyright © 2019, Tinybop, Inc.. All rights reserved. All trademarks, logos and service marks displayed on the Site are our property or the property of other third parties. You are not permitted to use such trademarks, logos and service marks without our prior written consent or the consent of such third party which may own the Marks.
Contact Information:
Tinybop Inc.
540 Atlantic Avenue
5th Floor
Brooklyn, NY 11217
Tel: 516-500-1967
Email:
hi@tinybop.com
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://tinybop.com/privacy:
Welcome to Tinybop, a studio of designers, developers and artists building a suite of educational applications for kids – what we call the toys for tomorrow. Tinybop, Inc. (“Tinybop”, “we”, “us” and “our”) is committed to protecting your privacy.
We have prepared this Privacy Policy to describe our practices regarding the Personal Information (defined below) we collect from users through our website, located at
https://tinybop.com
, (“Site”), mobile and tablet applications (“Applications”) and services made available through the Site and Applications (collectively “Services”).
We have prepared a distinct Privacy Policy to describe our practices regarding the handling and collection of information we collect through our Tinybop applications (“Arcade Applications”) available through Apple Arcade, a service of Apple Inc. (“Apple”), and our services made available through or related to the Arcade Applications (“Services”). This policy is available at
https://www.tinybop.com/privacy-arcade
.
Capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy have the meanings given in our Terms of Use located at Terms (the “Terms”).
This Privacy Policy will apply whether you are a “Visitor” (which means that you simply browse the Services) or a “Subscriber” (which means you have downloaded one of our Applications). Visitors and Subscribers are individually referred to as a “User” and collectively as “Users”.
A NOTE TO USERS OUTSIDE OF THE UNITED STATES.
Your personal information may be processed in the country in which it was collected and in other countries, including the United States, where laws regarding processing of personal information may be less stringent than the laws in your country.
A NOTE ABOUT CHILDREN.
Tinybop’s Applications are designed for use by children and parents. The Site is designed for parents. We share your concern for the privacy of children and Tinybop does not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information about children through Tinybop’s Applications.
We do use third party analytics services that collect anonymous information about app usage.
DEFINITIONS.
A few definitions:
Personal Data
Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).
Usage Data
Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
Cookies
Cookies are small pieces of data stored on your device (computer or mobile device).
Data Controller
Data Controller means the natural or legal person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal information are, or are to be, processed. For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your Personal Data.
Data Processors (or Service Providers)
Data Processor (or Service Provider) means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller. We may use the services of various Service Providers in order to process your data more effectively and will list them in this policy.
Data Subject (or User)
Data Subject is any living individual who is using our Service and is the subject of Personal Data.
WHAT WE COLLECT.
Before we get started, it may be helpful to further define some terms. “Personal Information” means information that allows someone to identify or contact you, including, for example, your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, as well as any other non-public information about you that is associated with or linked to any of the foregoing Information. “Anonymous Information” means information that is not associated with or linked to your Personal Information and does not, by itself, permit the identification of individual persons. We collect information about you in a range of ways.
INFORMATION YOU GIVE US.
We collect information you directly give us on our Site. For example, if you are seeking technical support, we collect the information that you provide to us when we provide technical support. At your option, we may collect your email address so that we can send you information about our products and services. You may elect not to receive this information at any time by notifying us at
support@tinybop.com
.
WE DO NOT COLLECT ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION THROUGH THE APPLICATION ITSELF.
To be clear, within the Application you may be able to set up accounts – both accounts for children that allow a child to play the game and for parents that, among other things, contains a dashboard (a “Dashboard”) that allows you, the parent or other adult to monitor a child’s use of the Application. When creating accounts for you or your child, you may use real names or aliases, as you think appropriate. All such information remains on the Application and is not transmitted or made available to us, unless you make such information available to us, for example, as part of our support services.
When a device camera or microphone is needed within a part of an application, our applications ask for permission to turn on the camera or microphone. Any photographs, depth information, or sound recording used within the application are only saved on the locally on device or disgarded when a session is complete and are never accessible to Tinybop or transmitted to us or other third parties.
INFORMATION AUTOMATICALLY COLLECTED.
On the Site, we automatically log information about you and your computer. For example, when visiting our Site, we log ‎ your computer operating system type,‎ browser type,‎ browser language,‎ the website you visited before browsing to our Site,‎ pages you viewed,‎ how long you spent on a page,‎ access times,‎ Internet protocol (IP) address and information about your use of and actions on our Site.
Cookies. On the Site, we may log information using “cookies”. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive by a website. Cookies help us make our Site and your visit better. We use cookies to see which parts of our Site people use and like and to count visits to our Site.
Web Beacons. We may log information using digital images called Web beacons on our Site or in our emails. We use Web beacons to manage cookies, count visits, and to learn what marketing works and what does not. We also use Web Beacons to tell if you open or act on our emails.
Analytic Services. We may use third-party analytics services such as Google Analytics to collect information about how you use and interact with our Site. Such third-party analytics services may use cookies to gather information such as the pages you visited, your IP address, a date/time stamp for your visit and which site referred you to the Site. We use these analytics services to help us analyze how people use the Site, to improve the Site, and to customize the content users see based upon their interests. A list of services we use is provided in this document under the heading Service Providers.
IN THE APPLICATIONS.
We may use third-party analytics services, as described above, but only to collect anonymous data in the Applications to help us build better apps. This information may include the type of device, duration of play, location by city or region, and engagement with app features. We do not connect this information to individual users, use other services to try to identify users or buy or sell this information.
USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION.
We use your personal information as follows:
We use your personal information to operate, maintain, and improve our sites, products, and services.
We use your personal information to respond to comments and questions and provide customer service.
We use your personal information to send support and administrative messages.
We use your personal information to communicate about promotions, upcoming events, and other news about products and services offered by us and our selected partners.
We use your personal information to protect, investigate, and deter against fraudulent, unauthorized, or illegal activity.
SHARING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION.
We may share personal information as follows:
We may share personal information with your consent. For example, through certain Applications, you sometimes have the ability to send messages to others or ask for support.
We may share personal information when we do a business deal, or negotiate a business deal, involving sale or transfer of all or a part of our business or assets. These deals can include any merger, financing, acquisition, or bankruptcy transaction or proceeding.
We may share personal information for legal, protection, and safety purposes.
We may share information to comply with laws.
We may share information to respond to lawful requests and legal process.
We may share information to protect the rights and property of Tinybop Inc., our agents, customers, and others. This includes enforcing our agreements, policies, and terms of use.
We may share information in an emergency. This includes protecting the safety of our employees and agents, our customers, or any person.
We may share information with those who need it to do work for us.
We may also share aggregated and/or anonymized data with others for their own uses.
INFORMATION CHOICES AND CHANGES.
Our marketing emails tell you how to “opt-out.” If you opt-out, we may still send you non-marketing emails. Non-marketing emails include emails about your accounts and our business dealings with you.
You may send requests about personal information to our Contact Information below. You can request to change contact choices, opt-out of our sharing with others, and update your personal information.
You can typically remove and reject cookies from our Site with your browser settings. Many browsers are set to accept cookies until you change your settings. If you remove or reject our cookies, it could affect how our Site works for you.
Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data Under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
If you are from the European Economic Area (EEA), Tinybop Inc. legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this Privacy Policy depends on the Personal Data we collect and the specific context in which we collect it.
Tinybop Inc. may process your Personal Data because:
We need to perform a contract with you
You have given us permission to do so
The processing is in our legitimate interests and it's not overridden by your rights
To comply with the law
Your Data Protection Rights Under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights. Tinybop Inc. aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Data.
If you wish to be informed what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us (contact information is listed at the end of this document).
In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:
The right to access, update or to delete the information we have on you. Whenever made possible, you can access, update or request deletion of your Personal Data directly within your account settings section. If you are unable to perform these actions yourself, please contact us to assist you.
The right of rectification. You have the right to have your information rectified if that information is inaccurate or incomplete.
The right to object. You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Data.
The right of restriction. You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information.
The right to data portability. You have the right to be provided with a copy of the information we have on you in a structured, machine-readable and commonly used format.
The right to withdraw consent. You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where Tinybop Inc. relied on your consent to process your personal information.
Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.
You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority in the European Economic Area (EEA).
Service Providers
We sometimes employ third-party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
The service providers we use on our websites include:
Google Analytics
is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy Terms web page:
http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
The service providers we use in our apps include:
Amplitude Analytics
is an usage analytics service that reports of user activity. It helps us know which parts of the apps are popular. For more information on the privacy practices of Amplitude please visit their privacy policy:
https://amplitude.com/privacy
Playfab
is a system that allows users in our app Infinite Arcade to share games with each other. Playfab is a division of Microsoft Inc.. Their privacy policy is available here:
https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/privacystatement
iCloud
is a service provided by Apple Inc. that allows us to save app data between devices.
Retention of Data
Tinybop Inc. will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
Tinybop Inc. will also retain anonymized usage data for internal analysis. Usage Data is generally retained to understand and improve our services.
Transfer Of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to United States and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Tinybop Inc. will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Disclosure Of Data
If contacted by a user who wants access to their Personal Data, we will attempt to give them access to their data within a reasonable period of time. As we generally do not collect Personal Data, this will generally be limited to email addresses of users who have signed up for our mailing list.
Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Disclosure for Law Enforcement
Under certain circumstances, Tinybop Inc. may be required to disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).
Legal Requirements
Tinybop Inc. may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of Tinybop Inc.
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
To protect against legal liability
Security Of Data
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. We take steps to help protect personal information. No company can fully prevent security risks, however. Mistakes may happen. Bad actors may defeat even the best safeguards.
CONTACT INFORMATION.
We welcome your comments or questions about this Privacy Policy. You may also contact us at our address:
Tinybop Inc.
Attn: Privacy
540 Atlantic Avenue
5th Floor
Brooklyn, NY 11217
Tel: 516-500-1967
Email:
privacy@tinybop.com
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY.
We may change this Privacy Policy. If we make any changes, we will change the Last Updated date below.
Last revised on: October 1, 2019