Elevate Your Game with
GameGolf KZN AI
Track Every Shot with KZN AI while factoring in the course conditions with Smart Caddie
Shop Now
Most Powerful & Accurate
GPS Shot Tracker in Golf
GameGolf KZN AI lets you track every shot, yardage and club hit with our proprietary AI powered Smart Caddie giving you a hole strategy as you play. The sensors are fully automatic to enable you to play with absolute confidence & freedom knowing all of your performance data is tracked
Shop Now
Be
Informed
, Be
Confident
AI powered Smart Caddie for better course management factoring in playing conditions.
A Completely Redesigned
Performance Dashboard
Now Available With New Membership
Approach the Green
Dial in your Distances by Knowing your Greens in Regulation.
Strokes Gained
See where you are gaining and losing strokes against our data benchmarks.
Off the Tee
Know your true distance and shot disparity Off the Tee
Scoring
Truly understand your scoring and which areas of your game you should be focusing on to shave off strokes.
Mobile App Features
Mobile App Features
Device Setup
Quick one time setup of the smart sensor tags and medallion with the KZN AI app and then you're ready to hit the course!
Play Golf
You have the ability to play live with the GameGolf app and get instant feedback as you play or you can unplug and play without using your phone. The choice is yours!
Smart Caddie
AI Powered Smart Caddie factor in the course conditions and analyses your previous round data to give you the best strategy to shoot the lowest score possible.
GPS Shot Tracker
With the app live tracking you are able to monitor each shot in real-time, allowing you to quickly review your performance and make the correct decisions on the course.
Scorecard
The in-app scorecard gives you an overview of how you are performing and allows you to make live edits if you need to add a gimme putt or penalty shot.
Focus on
Continuous
Improvement with KZN
GameGolf KZN AI set comes with a GPS medallion and 14 lightweight sensors.
Shop Now
What Our KZN AI Members Say
I’ve been using the GameGolf KZN AI for about a year now and have been consistently impressed with the improvements. Downloading the app, attaching the tags, and pairing everything together is now a breeze. On the course… I barely notice it’s there, yet it captures every shot accurately. It’s incredible how much data the KZN collects and how clearly it’s presented. I’ve gained valuable insights into my game that have helped me improve. The in-depth stats are a golfer's dream!
Wesley Jansen van Vuuren
9 handicap
The data provided by the device has changed my game for the better almost immediately. Since I first became a Classic User in 2015, it’s mind blowing to me how this device just knows my game better than me so quickly. I started as 13 Handicap and since upgrading to the new KZN AI, I'm down to 5.7. No tagging needed. It recorded everything automatically allowing me more time to focus on my next shot. I’ve been able to learn my club distances a lot more accurately, and with moving to a new town, I was immediately able to dial in the hardest shots on the new courses.
Hilton Gillman
6 handicap
The accuracy of the new KZN AI is mind blowing… once you play you don’t even know you have a device on your club or yourself. KZN AI is the future and the only product for me as a low handicap golfer inspiring me to become a Scratch.
Quinton Van Niekerk
2 handicap
I’ve been using the GameGolf KZN AI for about a year now and have been consistently impressed with the improvements. Downloading the app, attaching the tags, and pairing everything together is now a breeze. On the course… I barely notice it’s there, yet it captures every shot accurately. It’s incredible how much data the KZN collects and how clearly it’s presented. I’ve gained valuable insights into my game that have helped me improve. The in-depth stats are a golfer's dream!
Wesley Jansen van Vuuren
9 handicap
The data provided by the device has changed my game for the better almost immediately. Since I first became a Classic User in 2015, it’s mind blowing to me how this device just knows my game better than me so quickly. I started as 13 Handicap and since upgrading to the new KZN AI, I'm down to 5.7. No tagging needed. It recorded everything automatically allowing me more time to focus on my next shot. I’ve been able to learn my club distances a lot more accurately, and with moving to a new town, I was immediately able to dial in the hardest shots on the new courses.
Hilton Gillman
6 handicap