January 1, 2021
This Privacy Policy describes the information collected by MyFirstApp Group S AB., through our mobile applications and website and how we use that information.
MyFirstApp Group S AB may change or update the Privacy Policy at any time as we add new or different features, or as the law changes. Unless another date is given, the changes are effective upon posting.
Personal Parent Data (with full parental consent).
We collect parent personal data (parent full name and e-mail only) when a parent subscribes to our community through a basic popup.
This information is used to inform parents about our new apps, tips, updates, and recommendations, of course with full parental consent.
By providing us with your data, you warrant to us that you are over 13 years of age.
Cookies
When you visit our website, we may send cookies to your device that uniquely identify your browser. We use cookies to improve the quality of our service by storing user preferences and tracking usage information. Most browsers allow you to disable cookies or set your browser to alert you when cookies are being sent to your computer.
Advertising by Admob
Our free applications use advertising currently provided by Admob and anonymous statistical information is reported to them so they can see whether their adverts are effective. Click for more information about Admob link to
https://admob.google.com/home/
Subscription Details
Monthly Subscription - Unlimited access to hundreds of activities, all in one kid-friendly app.
New subscribers will have access to a free trail at the time of sign-up (2 weeks).
After your free trail, you can choose to subscribe on a monthly basis. And if you change your mind at any point, cancellation is easy through your iTunes setting.
When you confirm your purchase, payment will be charged through your iTunes account.
Your subscription will automatically renew unless auto-renew is turned off at least 24-hours before the end of the current period.
Don’t want to auto-renew? Manage your account and renewal setting in your user Account Settings.
You can use your subscription on any device registered with your Apple ID.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. Use of information we collect is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is collected. If we make changes in the way we use your email address, we will notify you in advance of posting by email. Such modifications will become effective on the date set forth in the email.
We allow users to contact us if they have support questions about use of our mobile applications. If you submit a support request, we may receive your email address and other information you provide related to your support request (“Support Information”). We use Support Information only for the support for the internal operations of our website and Apps.
Information Sharing and Disclosure for support. We may share your Support Information with our support providers, but only for the purpose of providing support to you.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us via our email:
info@MyFirstApp.com
If you don’t agree with this Privacy Policy or the Terms of Service, you should not use our apps or the site and services.