Privacy Policy
This is the Privacy Policy for Kidemy CJSC, accessible at mobile applications  «Learning games for toddlers!» and "Bug Smashing toddler games" which are available on App Store and Google Play Store (the "App").
These terms and conditions of the privacy policy (the “Policy”) of the app, expressly declare and outline the rules and regulations upon which we handle your privacy/data collected from you. The Policy is a conditions precedent for the use of the App. By accessing/using/recommending/signing up/referring to someone/opening the App, we assume you accept the terms and conditions of Policy, and you declare that you expressly accept the terms and conditions of the Policy without any force and coercion. You are hereby warned and made clear that without any kind of ambiguity that if you do not accept these terms and conditions of Policy you may not proceed further. You are also being made aware that if you sign up/move forward/access/recommend to someone without accepting the terms and conditions, you shall keep us, the app, its owners/affiliates/employees and all person affiliated with App, harmless and you waive off all your rights to sue us and the App its owners and all affiliates. Do not continue to use the app if you do not agree to take all of the terms and conditions of the Policy stated on this page.
Definitions
Service
means the services provided and availed by you via use of the App operated by us.
Personal Data
means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).
Usage Data
is data collected automatically either generated by the use of Service or from Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit/App).
Cookies
are small files stored on your device (computer or mobile device).
Data Controller
means a natural or legal person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal data are, or are to be, processed. For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your data.
Service Provider
means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller. We may use the services of various service providers in order to process your data more effectively.
Data Subject
is any living individual who is the subject of Personal Data.
The User
is the individual using our Service. The User corresponds to the Data Subject, who is the subject of Personal Data.
“
GDPR’
means the EU General Data Protection Regulation, 2016.
‘
COPPA’
means the US Children’s Online Privacy Protection Rule.
‘
CCPA’
means the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018
1. We respect your privacy
We respects your right to privacy and is committed to safeguarding the privacy of our customers, Website and App users. We adhere to the privacy principles established by the GDPR, CCPA, COPPA and all other privacy laws and laws that protects privacy of people of all over the world. This Policy sets out how we collect and treat your personal information.
"Personal information" is information we hold which is identifiable as being about you.
2. Collection of personal information
We will, from time to time, receive and store personal information you enter onto our Website, software application, provide to us directly or give to us in other forms.
Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you (“Personal Data”). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Email address
First name and last name
Phone number
Address, Country, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, City
Cookies and Usage Data
Usage Data
We may also collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Service or when you access Service by or through any device (“Usage Data”).
This Usage Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
When you access Service with a device, this Usage Data may include information such as the type of device you use, your device unique ID, the IP address of your device, your device operating system, the type of Internet browser you use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
3. How we collect your personal information
We collects personal information from you in a variety of ways, including when you interact with us electronically or in person, when you access our software application and when we provide our services to you.
Use of Data
We use the collected data for various purposes:
to provide and maintain our Service;
to notify you about changes to our Service;
to allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so;
to provide customer support;
to gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service;
to monitor the usage of our Service;
to detect, prevent and address technical issues;
to fulfil any other purpose for which you provide it;
for any other purpose with your consent.
4. Use of your personal information
We may use personal information collected from you to provide you with information, updates and our services. We may also make you aware of new and additional products, services and opportunities available to you. We may use your personal information to improve our products and services and better understand your needs.
Develop, operate, improve, deliver, maintain, and protect our products and services.
Monitor and analyse trends and usage.
Enhance the safety and security of our products and services.
Verify your identity and prevent fraud or other unauthorized or illegal activity.
Enforce our Terms of Service and other usage policies and comply with legal requirements
5. Disclosure of your personal information
We may disclose your personal information to any of our employees, officers, insurers, professional advisers, agents, suppliers or subcontractors insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this Policy. Personal information is only supplied to a third party when it is required for the delivery of our Services.
We may from time to time need to disclose personal information to comply with a legal requirement, such as a law, regulation, court order, and subpoena, warrant, in the course of a legal proceeding or in response to a law enforcement agency request.
We may also use your personal information to protect the copyright, trademarks, legal rights, property or safety of us, our App and Website.
Selling of business
We do not sell you information, but if there is a change of control in our business or a sale or transfer of business assets, we reserve the right to transfer to the extent permissible at law our user databases, together with any personal information and non-personal information contained in those databases. This information may be disclosed to a potential purchaser under an agreement to maintain confidentiality. We would seek to only disclose information in good faith and where required by any of the above circumstances.
By providing us with personal information, you consent to the terms of this Privacy Policy and the types of disclosure covered by this Policy. Where we disclose your personal information to third parties, we will request that the third party follow this Policy regarding handling your personal information.
Security of your personal information
We are committed to ensuring that the information you provide to us is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure information and protect it from misuse, interference, loss and unauthorized access, modification and disclosure.
6. Security of Data
The security of your data is important to us but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
7. Your Data Protection Rights Under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
If you are a resident of the European Union (EU) and European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights, covered by GDPR.
We aim to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Data.
If you wish to be informed what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please email us at
hi@Kidsgames.com
In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:
the right to access, update or to delete the information we have on you;
the right of rectification. You have the right to have your information rectified if that information is inaccurate or incomplete;
the right to object. You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Data;
the right of restriction. You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information;
the right to data portability. You have the right to be provided with a copy of your Personal Data in a structured, machine-readable and commonly used format;
the right to withdraw consent. You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where we rely on your consent to process your personal information;
Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests. Please note, we may not able to provide Service without some necessary data.
You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority in the European Economic Area (EEA).
8. Your Data Protection Rights under the California Privacy Protection Act (CalOPPA)
CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law’s reach stretches well beyond California to require a person or company in the United States (and conceivable the world) that operates websites collecting personally identifiable information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals with whom it is being shared, and to comply with this policy.
According to CalOPPA we agree to the following:
users can visit our site anonymously;
our Privacy Policy link includes the word “Privacy”, and can easily be found on the home page of our website;
users will be notified of any privacy policy changes on our Privacy Policy Page;
users are able to change their personal information by emailing us at
hi@Kidsgames.com
9. Our Policy on “Do Not Track” Signals:
We honor Do Not Track signals and do not track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track browser mechanism is in place. Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked.
You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings page of your web browser/App.
10. Your Data Protection Rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)
If you are a California resident, you are entitled to learn what data we collect about you, ask to delete your data and not to sell (share) it. To exercise your data protection rights, you can make certain requests and ask us:
What personal information we have about you. If you make this request, we will return to you:
The categories of personal information we have collected about you.
The categories of sources from which we collect your personal information.
The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling your personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share personal information.
The specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.
A list of categories of personal information that we have sold, along with the category of any other company we sold it to. If we have not sold your personal information, we will inform you of that fact.
A list of categories of personal information that we have disclosed for a business purpose, along with the category of any other company we shared it with.
Please note, you are entitled to ask us to provide you with this information up to two times in a rolling twelve-month period. When you make this request, the information provided may be limited to the personal information we collected about you in the previous 12 months.
To delete your personal information. If you make this request, we will delete the personal information we hold about you as of the date of your request from our records and direct any service providers to do the same. In some cases, deletion may be accomplished through de-identification of the information. If you choose to delete your personal information, you may not be able to use certain functions that require your personal information to operate.
To stop selling your personal information. We don’t sell or rent your personal information to any third parties for any purpose. We do not sell your personal information for monetary consideration. However, under some circumstances, a transfer of personal information to a third party, or within our family of companies, without monetary consideration may be considered a “sale” under California law. You are the only owner of your Personal Data and can request disclosure or deletion at any time.
If you submit a request to stop selling your personal information, we will stop making such transfers.
Please note, if you ask us to delete or stop selling your data, it may impact your experience with us, and you may not be able to participate in certain programs or membership services which require the usage of your personal information to function. But in no circumstances, we will discriminate against you for exercising your rights.
To exercise your California data protection rights described above, please send your request(s) by email:
hi@Kidsgames.com
Your data protection rights, described above, are covered by the CCPA, short for the California Consumer Privacy Act. To find out more, visit the official California Legislative Information website. The CCPA took effect on 01/01/2020.
11. Complaints about privacy
If you have any complaints about our privacy practices, please feel free to send in details of your complaints to
hi@Kidsgames.com
We take complaints very seriously and will respond shortly after receiving written notice of your complaint. We shall do our best to solve any issue with due care and diligence.
12. Opt-out right
You can stop all collection of information by the Application easily by uninstalling the Application. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network. You can also request to opt-out via email, at
hi@Kidsgames.com
13. Changes to Privacy Policy
Please be aware that we may change this Privacy Policy in the future. We may modify this Policy at any time, in our sole discretion and all modifications will be effective immediately upon our posting of the modifications on our website or notice board. Please check back from time to time to review our Privacy Policy.
Automatic collection
The software Application may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile devices unique device ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browsers you use, and information about the way you use the Application.
14. Children’s Privacy
Our Services are not intended for use by children and we adhere to the privacy of children and thus under the laws we do not collect information of the children under the age of 13 in US and 16 years in EU and Asia and Australia (“Child” or “Children”).
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from Children under 13. If you become aware that a Child has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from Children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
15. Contact us
If you have any kind of query or complaint you can contact us at hi@kidemy.com  any time, we shall ensure that we resolve all your questions in a timely manner.