HOME
PARTNERS
ABOUT
Legal Notice and Privacy Policy
Dream-Up, concerned about the rights of individuals, especially with regard to automated processing, and in a desire for transparency with its customers, has put in place a policy covering all these treatments, the aims pursued by them as well as means of action available to individuals so that they can exercise their rights.
Continuing use of this application implies unreserved acceptance of the following terms and conditions. You accept the use of “Cookies” and other data trackers.
The current online version of these Terms of Use is the sole applicable for the duration of use of the application and until a new version replaces it.
Article 1 – Legal Notice
1.1 Publisher (hereinafter “the Publisher”),
Dream-Up
SIREN: 444505176
E-MAIL:
contact@dream-up.eu
Article 2 – Access to the Application
Use of the application is reserved for personal use only. You agree not to use this application and the information or data contained therein for commercial, political, advertising and any form of commercial solicitation.
Article 3 – Application Content
The images, texts, comments, illustrations, animations, 3D models, video sequences, sounds, music as well as all data used to make this application work are protected by the laws in force under the intellectual property legislation.The application content is the full and entire property of the Publisher or its partners. Any reproduction, representation, use or adaptation, in any form whatsoever, of all or part of this content without the prior agreement of the Publisher, is strictly prohibited. The fact that the Publisher does not initiate proceedings upon becoming aware of these unauthorized uses does not constitute acceptance of such uses and does not represent a waiver from prosecution.
Article 4 – Warranties and Indemnity
The Publisher cannot be held responsible, legally or otherwise, in case of failure, breakdown, difficulty or interruption of operation, preventing the use of the application or one of its functionalities.
The equipment you use is under your sole responsibility. You must take all appropriate measures to protect your equipment and your own data.The Publisher can not be held responsible in case of legal proceedings against you:
– due to the use of the application;
– due to the user’s failure to comply with these general conditions.The Publisher is not responsible for any damages to you, to third parties or to your equipment as a result of your use of this application and you will not act against it.
If the Publisher were to become subject to an amicable or judicial procedure because of your use of this application, the Publisher may turn against you to obtain compensation for all damages, sums, penalties and costs that may arise of this procedure.
Article 5 – Hypertext Links
The setting up and sharing by the users of hypertext links towards all or part of the application is authorized by the Publisher. All links must be removed on request from the Publisher.
Any information accessible via a link to other websites or applications is not under the control of the Publisher who waives and declines any and all responsibility for their content.
Article 6 – Data Collection
We use cookies to analyze our website traffic. Information about your use of our website are transmitted to us for this purpose.
Some of your data may be used via advertisements presented in the application by the advertiser. These data are used to offer you advertisements that suit you.
Article 7 – Right of access, rectification and referencing of your personal data
Each individual has a right of access, rectification and opposition to his/her personal data. Each individual also has the right to limit the data processing of his/her person, the right to refer and the right to transfer the personal data he/she have transmitted to the controller.
Article 8 – Cookies
A “Cookie” is an electronic file deposited on a terminal and read for example when consulting a website, reading an email, installing or using a software or a mobile application and any type of terminal used (computer, tablet, smartphone, …).
You agree that, by using this application, “cookies” from advertisers may be used on your device.
All information collected will only be used to improve the service we offer you.
To manage the cookies and similar technologies used (tracking pixels, web beacons, etc.) and related consents, we use the consent tool “Real Cookie Banner”. Details on how “Real Cookie Banner” works can be found at
https://devowl.io/rcb/data-processing
.
Article 9 – Images et Representation of the Products
The images / videos of the products, including their accompanying description, are not contractual and do not engage or otherwise legally bind the publisher.
Article 10- Contact Us
Regarding any questions or information on the applications provided by the Publisher, you can leave a message at the following address:
contact@dream-up.eu