Privacy Policy
References in this Privacy Policy to the Website are references to the website “cutpastephotospro.com” or any subsequent URL used by Mesh Soft Int. LLP. from time to time.
References in this Privacy Policy to “Mesh Soft Int. LLP.”, “we” “us” or “our” are references to Mesh Soft Int. LLP., a company incorporated in New Zealand as registered number 1973546 with its registered office in New Zealand. The terms “you” and “your” are references to visitors to the Website from time to time.
Mesh Soft Int. LLP. owns and operates the Website and it also licences to third parties on certain terms the right to use certain proprietary web applications developed and owned by Mesh Soft Int. LLP. (Mesh Soft Int. LLP. Apps) via the Website, through Apple’s Appstore, through Google’s Playstore and/or through such other means as Mesh Soft Int. LLP. may from time to time determine.
Mesh Soft Int. LLP. is committed to protecting your privacy and maintaining the security of any personal information received from you. We take privacy and security of your personal information seriously and will only use such information as set out in this Privacy Policy.
The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to explain to you what personal information we collect, how and why we collect it, and how we may use and disclose it.
Please note that our Privacy Policy may change from time to time and the new Privacy Policy will be published on the Website. By using the Website or any Mesh Soft Int. LLP. App and submitting your personal information to us, you agree to us using your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
We invite you to also read our Terms and Conditions for more information on the use of the Website and Mesh Soft Int. LLP. Apps.
About Us
This Privacy Policy only applies to how Mesh Soft Int. LLP. deals with your personal information. It does not apply to any company outside the Mesh Soft Int. LLP. group or to any such company’s websites, even if you access them through Mesh Soft Int. LLP., through the Website or through any Mesh Soft Int. LLP. App. If you disclose your personal information to any company outside the Mesh Soft Int. LLP. group, your information will be dealt with according to their privacy practices.
What information do we collect?
On the Website or in a Mesh Soft Int. LLP. App we may ask you for personal information such as: your name, and email address.
Where we receive personal information about you from other individuals, companies and organisations, we rely on these third parties to obtain your consent for us to use this information.
If you provide personal or other information to us you warrant the accuracy of such information and, where it is information about someone other than yourself, you warrant that you have that person’s consent to provide such information for the purposes specified.
In addition, when users visit our Website our server also collects non-personal server log data as described below in this Privacy Policy. We also use cookies as described below in this Privacy Policy.
Why do we collect your information?
We primarily collect different types of personal information about our users to fulfil their requirements for our services including Mesh Soft Int. LLP. Apps, to process orders, to carry out or respond to requests, to respond to their related enquiries or for any other purpose identified at the time the information is requested.
Use and/or disclosure of your information
We also may use the personal information we collect from you:
1. to pass information to our authorised distributors, agents, service providers and employees, in order to effectively carry out our services; your information helps us better respond to your individual needs;
2. to provide you with marketing material or email updates, with your consent; and/or
to improve the quality and efficacy of our services and our marketing strategies.
3. We will request your consent before passing your personal information to third parties for purposes other than those set out in this Privacy Policy.
We may disclose personal information from time to time to:
1.companies or persons related to Mesh Soft Int. LLP. (in which case, your personal information will be collected, used, disclosed, managed and stored in accordance with this Privacy Policy);
2. Google Analytics, Flurry and MailChimp;
3. persons authorised by you to receive information held by us or identified by us at the time the information is requested from you;
4. as part of any investigation into you or your activities where we reasonably believe that disclosure is necessary to the police, any relevant authority or enforcement body, or your Internet Service Provider or network administrator;
5. as part of a sale (or proposed sale) of all or part of our business; and/or
6. as required or permitted by any applicable law.
We do not sell or make available any part of your personal information for use by other service providers for the purpose of marketing and promotional communication.
How do we protect your personal information
Mesh Soft Int. LLP. takes reasonable measures (physical, organisational and technological) to safeguard against unauthorised access to your personal information and to safely store your personal information.
However, you acknowledge that the internet is not a secure medium and the privacy of your communications and personal information can never be guaranteed.
Logs Files
When you visit the Website we automatically log your computer’s IP address, operating system and browser types and access times. We utilize this information to conduct
site performance evaluations, to see where visitors are coming from and to keep track of clickstream data (that is, information about which screens our users visit on our
site). This data helps us to determine what content our users find most appealing so that we can maximize your enjoyment of the site. Log files are not tied to personally
identifiable information unless required by law. Users who do not register with us may browse the site without providing any personal information. These visits are also
tracked for the purposes outlined above.
Cookies
Cookies are small text files that are often created when you visit a website or a web application. A cookie may be created when you visit us. We may from time to time use
either or both permanent cookies and session cookies. The permanent cookie stores a random number on your device to help us count the number of times users return
to our Website or Gamma App. The session cookie lets us know which pages within our Website or Gamma App you visit. Permanent cookies do not expire when you
leave our Website or Gamma App and may be used on subsequent visits to the site. Session cookies expire when you leave this Website or Gamma App or switch off your
device.
The cookie (whether permanent or session) does not contain any personal information about you, and it cannot be used to identify an individual user.
We use Google Analytics on the Website and on a web page presented in a browser view inside Gamma Apps. Inside Gamma Apps we use the restricted version of Flurry
analytics.
You can set your browser not to accept cookies. You should read the information that came with your browser software to see how you can turn off the automatic
download feature, should you so wish.
How can you update and access your personal information?
Under applicable law you may have the right to seek access to and update the personal information we hold about you. We may charge a fee to cover the costs of meeting your request.
If you would like to seek access to personal information we hold about you, if you no longer wish us to collect, use or disclose any personal information for the purposes described above, or if you have any questions or complaints about how we collect, use, disclose, manage or store your personal information, please contact our office from the contact information available on
If we do not hear otherwise from you, we will assume that the information you provide is accurate and up-to-date and that you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of the personal information you provide us about yourself or others for the purposes described above.
Your feedback is always welcome
We welcome your comments and questions about our Privacy Policy – or anything else you might want to talk about. To contact us please
Get the best and easiest to use iPhone cut and paste app
CUT PASTE PHOTOS PRO