GET $20 WHEN YOU REFER A FRIEND
FREE SHIPPING*
FAST DELIVERY
FREE RETURNS
THE ICONIC Privacy Policy
Last Updated on
29 January 2025
.
The purpose of THE ICONIC’s Privacy Policy (“
Privacy Policy
”) is to inform you how THE ICONIC™ manages, collects, uses, processes and discloses your Personal Data, in accordance with the privacy principles set out in the
Privacy Act 1988
(Cth) and the
Privacy Act 2020
(NZ) and the general law intended to protect your privacy, as amended from time to time. Protecting our customer’s Personal Data and compliance with Applicable Laws is of the utmost importance to THE ICONIC and a matter we take very seriously. We are committed to properly managing, protecting and processing your Personal Data in accordance with this Privacy Policy, which applies to all Personal Data we collect through our Platforms or other channels.
When you submit information to us, or sign up as a customer on our Platforms to purchase, view or otherwise browse any of the products, services or content offered by us, you agree and consent to THE ICONIC (including any Related Corporations and business units) (collectively, the "
Companies
"), as well as their respective representatives and/or agents collecting, using, disclosing and sharing among themselves your Personal Data, and disclosing such Personal Data to the Companies' authorised service providers and relevant third parties in the manner set forth in this Privacy Policy.
Please read and review this Privacy Policy, which will inform you how we collect, use, process and disclose your Personal Data. This Privacy Policy should be read in conjunction with
THE ICONIC Terms & Conditions
, of which this Privacy Policy forms part. This Privacy Policy supplements, but does not supersede nor replace any other consents you may have previously provided to THE ICONIC in respect of your Personal Data. We may also collect and process your Personal Data under any exceptions to Applicable Laws, which are not set out in this Privacy Policy. We trust that it will assist you in making an informed decision whether to provide us with any of your Personal Data.
This Privacy Policy does not cover information collected from individuals as part of our recruitment and selection process, when we engage independent contractors or onboard individuals employed by our labour hire services providers. This Privacy Policy also does not apply to the practices of organisations that THE ICONIC does not own or control, or to people that THE ICONIC does not employ or oversee even if offers, coupons or links to their websites appear within our Platforms or technology.
CONTENTS
1.
INTRODUCTION
2.
WHAT PERSONAL DATA DO WE COLLECT?
3.
HOW DO WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
4.
HOW WILL YOUR PERSONAL DATA BE USED?
5.
WHO WILL YOUR PERSONAL DATA BE SHARED WITH?
6.
HOW CAN I ACCESS OR CORRECT MY PERSONAL DATA?
7.
HOW CAN YOU REQUEST DELETION OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
8.
ADMINISTRATION AND MANAGEMENT OF PERSONAL DATA
9.
PERSONAL DATA RETENTION AND DESTRUCTION
10.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA OVERSEAS
11.
MARKETING MESSAGES
12.
COOKIES AND TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
13.
CONTACTING US
14.
GOVERNING LAW
15.
UPDATES TO PRIVACY POLICY
1.
INTRODUCTION
For the purposes of understanding this Privacy Policy, capitalised terms have the following meanings:
“Applicable Laws”
means the
Privacy Act 1988
(Cth), the
Privacy Act 2020
(NZ) and their respective subsidiary legislation and regulations, as amended from time to time;
“Apps”
means our mobile application on iOS and Android and any other application we may own or operate from time to time;
“Personal Data”
means any data, whether true or not, which is (a) about an individual who can be reasonably identified (i) from that data; or (ii) from that data and other information to which we have or are likely to have access and would include data in our records as may be updated from time to time, or (b) defined as “personal data” or “personal information” under any Applicable Laws;
“Platforms”
means collectively THE ICONIC’s Website, Apps and Social Media, and any other websites or applications which we may own or operate from time to time;
“Related Corporations”
means the direct and indirect subsidiary entities of Global Fashion Group S.A., a Luxembourg registered company;
“Social Media”
means THE ICONIC’s pages and accounts on third-party social media platforms such as Instagram, Facebook, TikTok, and X;
“THE ICONIC”
,
“we”
,
“us”
,
or
“our”
means Internet Services Australia 1 Pty Ltd (ABN 50 152 631 082), and includes any subsidiary entities in existence from time to time; and
“Website”
means THE ICONIC website and associated services accessed at the following addresses
https://www.theiconic.com.au
or
https://www.theiconic.co.nz/
(inclusive of subdomains) or other internet locations.
2.
WHAT PERSONAL DATA DO WE COLLECT?
During our relationship with you, we may collect Personal Data from you. Examples of the types of Personal Data we may collect includes your name, contact details, delivery addresses, email address, date of birth, your shopping or browsing behaviours, voice recording (from customer service calls) and any other personally identifiable information that you have provided us in any form you may have submitted to us, or in the course of any other forms of interaction between you and us. Where such information pertains to an identified individual - Personal Data may also include network and device data such as IP address and device or advertising identifiers and information we obtain using cookies or other tracking technologies. We may also collect information about you from third-party sources and platforms (including data validation services, authentication service providers, social networking sites, online marketing and segmentation providers and ad targeting companies) to supplement the information we collect directly from you.
If you provide us with Personal Data relating to a third-party by submitting such Personal Data to us, you represent to us that you have obtained the consent of the third-party to provide us with their Personal Data for the respective purposes.
By (1) clicking “Yes” on our Privacy Policy pop-up or any web form referring to this Privacy Policy on any of our online Platforms, (2) submitting your Personal Data to us when signing up for an account on the Website or Apps, (3) browsing our Website or Apps, or (4) ordering any of our products and services, you are agreeing to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
3.
HOW DO WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
We collect Personal Data from you when:
You register an account on the Website or the Apps;
You use any of our related services, such as subscribing to our newsletter or product notifications;
You browse our products and services or otherwise interact with our Website and Apps;
You accept our cookies and other tracking technologies on your devices;
You interact with our customer service team or other representatives, for example, via our webform, chat, emails, telephone calls, letters, or face-to-face meetings;
You interact with us on our Social Media, such as liking our posts, commenting on our posts, private messaging us on our Social Media;
You sign up to our affiliate marketing partner network;
You sign up to be a vendor or supplier selling to THE ICONIC or its customers, including via THE ICONIC’s marketplace;
You purchase a gift card for redemption on THE ICONIC;
You participate in our promotions and giveaways, initiatives or any request for additional Personal Data such as customer surveys;
We consult publicly available sources of information, or receive references or referrals from marketing and business partners, Related Corporations, and third parties, for example, where they referred you to us to enjoy the benefits of a joint promotion or collaboration or to redeem a voucher you purchased through them;
Your authorised representative submits your Personal Data to us for any purpose reasonably authorised by you, for example if such representative is purchasing our product or service to be delivered to you or as a gift;
Our third-party analytics and other service providers, business or commercial partners provide your Personal Data to us, which was collected and processed by them and disclosed to us pursuant to their separate privacy policies; or You voluntarily submit your Personal Data to us for any reason.
We do not directly collect your credit card details to process your payment or for customer service purposes.  Your credit card details are collected, processed and stored directly by our third-party payment processors pursuant to their terms of use and privacy policies.  None of your credit card details are permanently stored with us.  However, we may collect your bank account details to process refunds where a refund was not able to be made to the original payment method.
4.
HOW WILL YOUR PERSONAL DATA BE USED?
We may use and disclose your Personal Data for purposes necessary to provide you with our products and services, including to:
provide, maintain, protect and improve our technology, products and services, and monitor their effectiveness;
register and maintain your user account and to verify your identity or age;
process your order for our products or services, process or collect your payment for the order;
deliver or perform the products or services you purchased, including couriers calling or messaging you to obtain your delivery instructions;
facilitate you transacting via alternative payment methods (such as Paypal or Afterpay);
process your returns or refunds in accordance with our
Terms and Conditions
;
provide you with supporting services and functions related to your user account, such as saved items in cart, wish-list, brand or product and browser notifications;
communicate with you in relation to (i) your queries, requests and feedback, (ii) material changes to our Terms & Conditions, this Privacy Policy or other terms and conditions, and (iii) matters relating to the operation of your account via the applicable or appropriate medium including email, SMS, or communicating with you at the telephone number you provide;
personalise and improve your customer experience when you visit the Website and Apps, for example by prioritising products and services appearing in your search results or feed, or in communications we send you;
monitor and enforce compliance with our Terms & Conditions, including dispute resolution;
to carry out administration, marketing, planning, account security, fraud detection and loss prevention activities, procurement, product and service development, quality control and research to improve the way we provide products and services to you;
comply with (i) internal risk controls, (ii) the terms of our access to payment processing, financial or banking services such as credit card disputes, fraud, billing errors, or (iii) any applicable law, regulation or regulator’s directive; and
ensure our Website and Apps function properly and to improve their performance, by carrying out activities such as debugging, statistical analyses for optimising our Website and Apps.
(collectively, the
"Purposes"
)
In addition, we may use and disclose your Personal Data in order to:
send you marketing communications in relation to our sales, products, services, promotions or the Platforms;
send you marketing communications in relation to the sales, products, services or promotions of third parties, including promotional mail together with your order;
deliver ads that are related to our products and services that are targeted and personalised to your interests, attributes, preferences and experiences on the Platforms or other websites, apps or online platforms;
enable businesses to deliver ads which are related to their products and services which may be of interest to you;
provide you with any add-on or premium services;
invite you to our private customer events;
process your participation in our promotions and giveaways (including contacting you if you win, displaying your details online, publishing your name in relevant newspapers or disclosing details of winners to relevant authorities, if required by law), initiatives or any request for additional Personal Data such as customer surveys;
process your participation in our business partners’ loyalty or point redemption programs;
conduct market and customer research, analysis or tracking;
promote our products and services on our Platforms;
manage the administrative and business operations of THE ICONIC and complying with internal policies and procedures;
improve your customer experience across all touchpoints and training our customer experience team, such as by recording and monitoring phone calls;
any specific purpose in relation to a particular product or service, which we may separately notify you on the product or service page; and
as part of or in anticipation of a business sale, merger, consolidation, investment, change in control, transfer of substantial corporate assets, reorganisation, liquidation, or similar business transaction or corporate event.
(collectively, the
“Additional Purposes”
)
We may also use or disclose your Personal Data for secondary purposes in accordance with Applicable Laws, or with your further consent.
Finally, we may also collect information about you in an aggregated and anonymous basis - in order to conduct internal analysis of traffic patterns within our Website. This information is used by us to administer and improve our education and training products and services.
5.
WHO WILL YOUR PERSONAL DATA BE SHARED WITH?
In relation to our use of your Personal Data for the Purposes or Additional Purposes, we may disclose your Personal Data to:
our employees, consultants, temporary workers or other representatives;
Marketplace Sellers, who supply and deliver the products or services you ordered through the Website or Apps;
payment processors, who process your payment on the Website and Apps;
logistics providers, such as courier, fulfilment or parcel-pickup services which will deliver your order to you, and parcel return partners;
business partners who separately maintain an account with you for loyalty or point redemption programs;
business partners or vendors in connection with the processing of any promotion, event or service organised by us;
our professional advisers, bankers and auditors;
agents, contractors or service providers who provide operational services to us or who help provide our services to you, such as online cloud storage and processing, fraud detection and monitoring, marketing optimisation, information technology, telecommunications, market research, customer analysis or tracking, security or other relevant services which requires that entity’s collection, use or disclosure of your Personal Data; and
any other party whom you authorise us to disclose your Personal Data to.
We do our best to minimise the disclosure of your Personal Data to the information necessary to perform the related Purpose or Additional Purpose. However, we may also disclose your Personal Data for secondary purposes if the secondary purpose is related to the Purpose or Additional Purpose and you would reasonably expect us to use or disclose the information for the secondary purpose, otherwise in accordance with Applicable Laws, or with your further consent.
You acknowledge and agree that, should we sell, merge or otherwise change control of our business, our company or the Website to a third-party:
we shall be permitted to disclose the Personal Data and other information that we have collected from you to the third-party, without giving notice or seeking prior consent from you; and
we shall be entitled to assign the benefit of any agreements we have with you to the third-party.
6.
HOW CAN I ACCESS OR CORRECT MY PERSONAL DATA?
You may access or correct some Personal Data including your name, birthday, shipping and billing addresses by logging in to your user account on the Website or Apps under “Account > My Details” and clicking the “Edit” button under each relevant field.
For Personal Data that cannot be corrected by you by logging in to your user account on the Website or Apps, you may request to access and correct such Personal Data by submitting a written request to us via our
Customer Service contact form.
We may need to request additional information from you to confirm your identity before providing the access or making corrections.
We will do our best to respond to Personal Data access and correction requests within 30 days.  Where we are unable to meet this timeline, we will update you with the soonest possible time within which we can provide the information or make the correction.  Please note that certain types of Personal Data access and correction requests may be exempt under Applicable Laws, and we may charge you a reasonable fee for the handling and processing of your Personal Data access request, if permitted by Applicable Laws.
While THE ICONIC makes reasonable efforts to provide our users with access to their Personal Data, there may be circumstances in which we are unable to provide such access, including but not limited to: where the information in question is legally privileged, would compromise the privacy or other legitimate rights of other persons, where the burden or expense of providing access would be disproportionate to the risks to your privacy, where the request is clearly excessive or unfounded, or where the information requested comprises proprietary business information.
7.
HOW CAN YOU REQUEST DELETION OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
You have the right to request that we delete your Personal Data, or stop processing it or collecting it, in some circumstances, such as, for example, in relation to receiving marketing communications or your account with THE ICONIC.
Please refer to the following information on how to proceed with submitting a request to delete your Personal Data.
Deleting your Account with THE ICONIC
You may delete your account by logging in to your user account on the Website or Apps under “Account > My Details” and clicking the “Remove Account” button.  We will process such a request within a reasonable time from receiving notice from you of your withdrawal of consent.  Once the processing is complete, we will no longer collect, use and/or disclose your Personal Data, except to the extent we retain your Personal Data for fraud, product recall, compliance, regulatory or other legal purposes.
Other requests to delete your personal data
If you wish to submit other requests in relation to the deletion of your Personal Data, please contact our
Customer Service
or refer to the
CONTACTING US
section of this Privacy Policy.
8.
ADMINISTRATION AND MANAGEMENT OF PERSONAL DATA
You should ensure that all Personal Data you submit to us is complete, accurate, up-to-date and correct.  Failure to do so may result in our inability to provide you with the products and services you have requested.  You should keep us updated of any relevant changes to your Personal Data. We will not be responsible for relying on inaccurate or incomplete Personal Data if you have not updated us of such changes.
We will make reasonable efforts to ensure Personal Data likely to be used by us or disclosed by us to another organisation is accurate, up-to-date and correct.
Your Personal Data is important to us and we design our systems with your security and privacy in mind. We will also put in place reasonable security arrangements to ensure that your Personal Data is adequately protected and secured and to prevent any unauthorised access, collection, use, disclosure, copying, modification, leakage, loss, damage or alteration of your Personal Data. We use security measures such as physical and technical security access controls or other safeguards, information security technologies, policies, procedures and training programs as part of our security processes. However, we will not be responsible for any unauthorised use of Personal Data by third parties which is attributable to factors beyond our control or where the disclosure was made at your request.  Further, given that no data transmission over the internet can be guaranteed as completely secure, we cannot guarantee 100% the security of any (personal or other) information you transmit to us; and as such we will not be liable for any breach of security or unintended loss or disclosure of information due to our Platforms being linked to the Internet.
9. PERSONAL
DATA RETENTION AND DESTRUCTION
When Personal Data in our possession is (i) no longer required for any reason connected to the purpose it was originally collected or (ii) retention by us is no longer necessary for any other legal, compliance or business purposes, we will exercise reasonable measures to ensure such Personal Data is either destroyed or anonymised.  If this is not possible (for example, because your Personal Data has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your Personal Data and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
10.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA OVERSEAS
THE ICONIC processes Personal Data in multiple countries. We may transfer your Personal Data to recipients possibly located outside the country where you live. If Personal Data is so transferred, we will comply with Applicable Laws in doing so.  This includes: (i) obtaining your consent by way of your acceptance of this Privacy Policy, unless an exception exists under Applicable Laws or any other laws, and (ii) taking reasonable steps to ascertain whether the foreign recipient of the Personal Data is bound to comply with standards of protection that are at least comparable to the Applicable Laws.  Recipients of your Personal Data are likely to be located in Australia, New Zealand, United Kingdom, the Philippines, United States of America, Luxembourg, Germany, Japan, Singapore, Vietnam, Malaysia and other countries or jurisdictions depending on the nature of the services those recipients provide to us.
11. MARKETING MESSAGES
When you register an Account with THE ICONIC, we may send you promotional and direct marketing messages and communications. We may send you these messages via various channels and media (including for example by email, WhatsApp, SMS, phone, in app and push notifications, chatbot and mail) where you have not opted out of receiving such electronic marketing messages.
Withdrawing consent to receive electronic marketing messages
You can withdraw your consent, unsubscribe or opt out of certain electronic marketing messages by:
using the unsubscribe facility in an email, SMS or other type of marketing message;
adjusting your device setting for push notifications;
through your account settings on our Website under ‘Account’ > ‘Communications’ or in the App via ‘Account’ > ‘Notification Settings’; or
contacting us (go to the ‘CONTACTING US’ section of this Privacy Policy) and letting us know what communications or messages you no longer want to receive.
Once we receive notification that you wish to withdraw your consent for receiving electronic marketing messages, it may take up to five business days for your withdrawal to be reflected in our systems. Please note you may still receive electronic marketing messages during this period.
If you withdraw your consent to receive electronic marketing messages through a specific communication mode (e.g. SMS) we may still contact you via other communication modes you have subscribed to (e.g. email).
If you withdraw your consent for us to use and process your Personal Data for the Purposes or the Additional Purposes or for other purposes, we may no longer be able to provide you with the related products, services or benefits associated with our promotions.
Regardless of whether you unsubscribe from any or all electronic marketing messages, you will still receive information we are required by law to provide to you, for example transactional or service-based communications (such as communications and messages relating to terms and conditions, your account or your online orders).
12.
COOKIES AND TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
THE ICONIC uses cookies and tracking technologies (such as eTags, pixels, web beacons/ GIFs, local storage, or other identifiers on your device and browser settings) on our Website and Apps. Cookies are small text files that we may place on your device to store information in order to recognise you and your device each time you visit our Website or Apps. We also use cookies and tracking technologies in order to enhance your online experience, including for preference settings, product offer selection, analytics, conversion attribution and fraud reduction. We use both session and persistent tracking cookies. Session cookies are temporary files that are deleted by your browser once you close it, while persistent cookies stay in a browser subfolder until deleted.
Pixels and other tracking technologies may be used by us or our third party service providers to measure the success of marketing campaigns and compile statistics about communications and site usage.
Cookies and tracking technologies used on our Website can be divided into four main categories:
Strictly Necessary -
Required for the operation of our Website.
Analytical or Performance -
Allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our Website when using it.
Functionality -
Helps us to recognise you when you return to our Website and allows personalisation.
Targeting -
Records your visit to our Website, including pages and links used and allows targeted advertising.
THE ICONIC also uses the services of third-party vendors, who may implement one or more persistent cookies and tracking technologies. The collection, use, and disclosure of information, including Personal Data, collected by third party cookies and tracking technologies are subject to the privacy and data protection policies of the third-party vendors and are not under our control.  These named third parties may include, for example, advertising networks and providers of external services like web traffic analysis services. These third party cookies and tracking technologies are likely to be analytical or performance cookies or targeting cookies.
You can find out more information about some of the cookies we use, and the purpose for which we use them in the table
here
(please note these are non-exhaustive).
How do I manage Cookies and Tracking Technologies?
You have the right to choose whether or not to accept our use of cookies and other tracking technologies. You can disable both first party and third party cookies and tracking technologies being stored by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies and tracking technologies. However, please note that this may result in the loss of Website functionality, restrict your use of the Website or Apps, or disable some features.
For more information on:
tracking technologies, please visit the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner’s (“
OAIC
”) guidance on tracking pixels and privacy obligations
; and
how to opt out of tracking technologies and cookies, please visit
Your Online Choices
. We may use third-party service providers to monitor and analyse the use of our Website and Apps.  The primary service providers we use are:
Google Analytics
THE ICONIC uses certain Google Analytics functions. Please see this
link
for how your data is collected and for instructions on how to opt-out of any Google Analytics data tracking.
THE ICONIC may use Google Analytics features based on Display Advertising, including but not restricted to the following: Remarketing, Google Display Network Impression Reporting, DoubleClick Campaign Manager Integration, and Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting.
Using the Google Ads Settings
, you can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customise Google Display Network ads.
THE ICONIC also uses Remarketing with Google Analytics to advertise online; third-party vendors, including Google, may show THE ICONIC ads on sites across the internet. THE ICONIC and third-party vendors, including Google, use first-party tracking technologies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party tracking technologies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) together to inform, optimise, and serve ads based on visitors’ past visits to THE ICONIC, as well as report how ad impressions, other uses of ad services, and interactions with these ad impressions and ad services are related to visits to THE ICONIC.
When you log on to THE ICONIC website, THE ICONIC with the help of Google Analytics may use your browsing behaviour to connect it with any other data that has previously been provided by you, in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Facebook Analytics and Facebook Insights
Facebook Insights is a tool which tracks user interaction on
THE ICONIC’s Facebook page
, allowing page admins to track usage and improve page performance.
Facebook Analytics is a behavioural analytics solution that helps to track, measure, better understand, and optimise products and customer experience and provides audience information and unifies analytics across devices and channels.
Facebook’s Privacy Policy can be seen
here
. If you want to opt-out of seeing ads on Facebook based on information we’ve received from other websites and apps, you can control this in your ad preferences:
https://facebook.com/ads/preferences
.
We do not control these third parties’ tracking technologies or how they may be used. If you have any questions about an advertisement or other targeted content, you should contact the responsible provider directly.
13.
CONTACTING US
For any questions relating to your Personal Data or about this Privacy Policy, if you have a complaint regarding the collection, use or handling of your Personal Data by us, or a question about how we are complying with Applicable Laws, you may contact us as follows:
By Email
Go to our
Customer Service
page to correspond via email or at customer.service@theiconic.com.au.
By Post
Internet Services Australia 1 Pty Limited (ABN 50 152 631 082)
THE ICONIC
Level 18, Tower Two, International Towers
200 Barangaroo Avenue
Barangaroo 2000 NSW
Australia
Emails and letters should clearly state that you are making a privacy-related, query, request or complaint in the subject line to ensure the matter is dealt with expediently. We will strive to deal with any query, request or complaint promptly and fairly.
You can find more information about privacy and the protection of your Personal Data on the website of the OAIC at
https://www.oaic.gov.au/
.
14.
GOVERNING LAW
This Privacy Policy and your use of our Website and Apps shall be governed in all respects by the laws of New South Wales, Australia.
15.
UPDATES TO PRIVACY POLICY
As part of our efforts to ensure that we properly manage, protect and process your Personal Data, we will be reviewing our policies, procedures and processes from time to time.  In this regard, THE ICONIC may update this Privacy Policy to ensure that it is consistent with industry trends and any changes in legal or regulatory requirements at our discretion.
Subject to your rights at law, you agree to be bound by the prevailing terms of the Privacy Policy on our Website, any updates to which will be posted on our Website and viewed at
https://www.theiconic.com.au/privacy-policy/
or
https://www.theiconic.co.nz/privacy-policy/
.  We will endeavour to give you reasonable notice of updates to our Privacy Policy where such changes (in our reasonable opinion) may have a material detrimental impact to you. By continuing to use our Platforms and/or services after the Privacy Policy has been amended, you hereby agree to be bound by the terms of such amended Privacy Policy.  If you do not agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy, as it may be amended from time to time, in whole or part, you must terminate your use of the Website and Apps. You are encouraged to visit the Website and Apps regularly to review the Privacy Policy to ensure that you are well-informed of our latest policies in relation to Personal Data protection.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.oaic.gov.au/privacy/privacy-guidance-for-organisations-and-government-agencies/organisations/tracking-pixels-and-privacy-obligations:
We use cookies on this site
We use cookies to analyse traffic and to improve your browsing experience on our website. To find out more, read our
privacy policy
.
Close
Skip to main content
Privacy
Privacy guidance for organisations and government agencies
Organisations
Tracking pixels and privacy obligations
Tracking pixels and privacy obligations
This guidance sets out general considerations for private sector organisations that use third-party tracking pixels on their websites
Privacy
Privacy guidance for organisations and government agencies
Organisations
Credit reporting
Direct marketing
Employee records exemption
ID scanners
Opting in to the Privacy Act
Privacy for not-for-profits, including charities
Privacy management plan template
Selling a business
Small business
Sporting clubs
Start-ups
Tips for good privacy practice
Trading in personal information
Guidance for EDR schemes when handling complaints about notifiable data breaches
Tracking pixels and privacy obligations
Facial recognition technology: a guide to assessing the privacy risks
Government agencies
Agency referee reports
Australian Government Agencies Privacy Code
Conducting surveys
Guidelines on data matching in Australian Government administration
Privacy impact assessment register assessment program
Privacy Code checklist
Guidance on privacy and developing and training generative AI models
Guidance on privacy and the use of commercially available AI products
Health service providers
Communications with patients
Data breach action plan for health service providers
Guide to health privacy
Individual healthcare identifiers
My Health Record
Privacy action plan for your health practice
Taking photos of patients
Handling personal information
Anti-money laundering obligations
Centrelink requests for information
Dealing with requests for access to personal information
Dealing with requests for correction of personal information
De-identification and the Privacy Act
De-identification Decision-Making Framework
Guide to securing personal information
Guide to the Privacy (Persons Reported as Missing) Rule 2024
Guidelines for state and territory governments: creating nationally consistent requirements to collect personal information for contact tracing purposes
National Relay Service
Posting photos and videos
Protecting customers' personal information
Sending personal information overseas
The Privacy (Tax File Number) Rule 2015 and the protection of tax file number information
Transfer of financial adviser records
What is personal information?
Preventing, preparing for and responding to data breaches
Data breach preparation and response
Preventing data breaches: advice from the Australian Cyber Security Centre
Guidance for entities in preparing for and responding to cyber incidents
Privacy impact assessments
10 steps to undertaking a privacy impact assessment
Assessing privacy risks in changed working environments: privacy impact assessments
Guide to undertaking privacy impact assessments
Privacy by design
Privacy impact assessment tool
COVID-19
Coronavirus (COVID-19): understanding your privacy obligations to your staff
Coronavirus (COVID-19) vaccinations: understanding your privacy obligations to your staff
COVIDSafe Reports
Guidance for businesses collecting personal information for contract tracing
National COVID-19 privacy principles
Privacy update on the COVIDSafe app
Retention and deletion of personal information collected during COVID-19
Guidance for businesses collecting COVID-19 vaccination information
More guidance
Australian Bushfires Disaster Emergency Declaration: understanding your privacy obligations
Australian entities and the European Union General Data Protection Regulation
Emergencies and disasters
Guide to data analytics and the Australian Privacy Principles
Guide to developing an APP privacy policy
How to develop an APP privacy policy (poster)
Guidelines for developing codes
Guidelines for recognising external dispute resolution schemes
Handling privacy complaints
Keeping records of disclosures under the Telecommunications Act 1997
Mobile privacy: a better practice guide for mobile app developers
Privacy management framework: enabling compliance and encouraging good practice
Privacy public interest determination guide
Self-assessment checklist: privacy obligations under the Data Retention Scheme
Telecommunications service providers' obligations arising under the Privacy Act 1988 as a result of Part 5-1A of the Telecommunications (Interception and Access) Act 1979
Privacy considerations for financial services entities receiving data from a carrier or carriage service provider
Listen
On this page
Purpose
Key points
What is a tracking pixel?
Privacy obligations
Additional resources
Published:
04 November 2024
Estimated reading time: 16 minutes
Purpose
This guidance sets out general considerations for private sector organisations that use third-party tracking pixels on their websites.
[1]
It does not cover all privacy issues and obligations in relation to the use of tracking pixels. Organisations should consider this guidance together with the
Privacy Act 1988
- external site
(Privacy Act) and the
Australian Privacy Principles guidelines
.
Key points
The Privacy Act does not prohibit the use of tracking pixels. However, organisations that deploy third-party tracking pixels on their websites should conduct appropriate due diligence to ensure they are used in a way that is compliant with the Privacy Act and the Australian Privacy Principles (APPs).
Organisations should adopt a data minimisation approach and ensure that pixels are configured to limit the collection of personal information to the minimum amount necessary in the circumstances (APP 3).
Organisations must generally ensure that sensitive information is not disclosed to third-party platforms through tracking pixels. Sensitive information must only be collected with an individual’s consent (APP 3).
Collecting personal information covertly without the knowledge of the individual is likely to be an unfair means of collection (APP 3). Organisations must ensure their privacy policies and notifications contain clear and transparent information about the use of third-party tracking pixels (APPs 1 and 5).
Organisations must ensure that any personal information disclosed to third-party providers through tracking pixels is for the primary purpose for which it was collected, or for a secondary purpose if an exception applies (APP 6).
If personal information collected via a tracking pixel will be sent overseas by the third-party provider, an organisation must take reasonable steps to ensure that the overseas recipient does not breach the APPs (unless an exception applies) (APP 8).
Organisations must comply with the direct marketing obligations under APP 7 when using tracking pixels to target individuals with online ads, which includes providing individuals with a simple means to opt-out.
Organisations should conduct regular, ongoing reviews of the tracking technologies deployed on their website to ensure their use remains appropriate and complies with privacy obligations.
What is a tracking pixel?
Many social media companies and other digital platforms offer tracking pixels. A tracking pixel is a piece of code generated by the third-party provider that can be placed on an organisation’s website to collect information about a user’s activity. When a user visits a webpage with a tracking pixel, the pixel loads and sends certain types of data to the server of the third-party provider.
There are different types of tracking pixels that can be used for a variety of purposes. For example, pixels can be used to analyse website traffic (e.g. which pages are visited, time spent on a page and user demographics), to target ads to individual users on third-party platforms, and to measure the success of advertising campaigns. Pixel providers typically offer a dashboard or interface where organisations can track, test and change their pixel settings.
[2]
Tracking pixels
User visits website with pixel installed
Pixel loads and collects data (form inputs, IP address, geolocation, items viewed, cart additions, URL information) about user's activity.
Pixel transmits data to social media platform.
Social media platform matches pixel data with data about existing users of the platform.
User leaves website and visits social media
User receives targeted ads and content from website on social media platform
Privacy obligations
Organisations will have privacy obligations in relation to their use of tracking pixels where it results in the collection, use and disclosure of personal information.
The 13 APPs in the Privacy Act set out legally binding obligations for APP entities when handling
personal information
and
sensitive information
.
‘Personal information’ is information or an opinion about an identified individual, or an individual who is reasonably identifiable. The term ‘personal information’ encompasses a broad range of information which may include technical and inferred information depending on the circumstances.
[3]
Individuals do not necessarily need to be identified from the specific information being handled to be ‘reasonably identifiable’ under the Privacy Act. An individual can be ‘reasonably identifiable’ where the information collected through a third-party tracking pixel (such as an IP address, URL information, or a hashed email address) is able to be linked or matched with other information held by the third-party platform. In these circumstances, both the organisation and the third-party platform will have privacy compliance obligations in relation to this information.
Types of personal information
Types of information collected by tracking pixels that may be personal information for the purposes of the Privacy Act includes:
Information collected:
Form inputs such as name, address, date of birth, email address and phone number
Information collected:
Transaction data such as items viewed and cart additions
Information collected:
Network information (such as IP address) and geolocation data
Information collected:
URL information
Information collected:
Other activity data such as pages visited, content viewed, session duration.
Key consideration
It may not always be clear whether the data collected and disclosed through a tracking pixel is personal information for the purposes of the Privacy Act. Given the potential privacy risks and significant community concern about the use of tracking technologies, the OAIC strongly encourages organisations to err on the side of caution and comply with the Privacy Act when using third-party tracking pixels on their website.
Before deploying tracking pixels
It is the responsibility of the organisation seeking to deploy a third-party tracking pixel on their website to ensure it is configured and used in a way that is compliant with the Privacy Act.
Before deploying a third-party pixel, organisations should ensure they understand how the product works, identify the potential privacy risks involved and implement measures to mitigate those risks.
Organisations should be mindful that many third-party pixel providers offer non-negotiable terms and conditions that place responsibility for compliance with relevant laws on the pixel customer (i.e. your organisation). Before entering into a contract with a third-party pixel provider, an organisation should review the terms of the agreement to understand its obligations and make sure the third party has appropriate processes in place to protect personal information and comply with any obligations it has under the Privacy Act. Organisations should also ensure they stay up to date with any changes to the terms of the agreement, which may alter the steps your organisation needs to take to ensure compliance with privacy obligations.
Failing to conduct appropriate due diligence can create a range of privacy compliance and other legal risks (e.g. breach of contract if an organisation acts inconsistently with the terms and conditions of use).
Due diligence for tracking pixels should not amount to a ‘set and forget’ approach. To ensure compliance with privacy obligations, organisations should conduct regular reviews of the tracking technologies deployed on their website to ensure they are configured appropriately, and that their ongoing use remains reasonable and necessary in the circumstances.
Adopting a privacy by design approach
Organisations should adopt a ‘privacy by design’ approach to their use of third-party tracking pixels.
[4]
A Privacy Impact Assessment (PIA) will assist organisations to adopt a privacy by design approach and comply with APP 1.2.
[5]
A PIA is a systematic assessment of a project that identifies the impact that the project might have on the privacy of individuals, and sets out recommendations for managing, minimising or eliminating that impact. There is real community concern about the use of online tracking technologies and a PIA would help to demonstrate an organisation’s commitment to, and respect of, individuals’ privacy.
[6]
This guidance highlights some key privacy considerations for organisations seeking to deploy third-party tracking pixels. A PIA will assist organisations to conduct a holistic assessment of the privacy risks and impacts throughout the information lifecycle.
Key considerations
Some questions that organisations should ask about third-party tracking pixels to assist with conducting a PIA include, but are not limited to:
What information will be collected by the tracking pixel (for example, will sensitive information be collected)? How can the pixel be configured to prevent or minimise the collection and disclosure of personal information?
How will the third-party provider use and disclose the personal information? Will the third-party provider use the data for their own commercial purposes or share it with other entities?
Will the information be sent overseas? If so, to what countries?
How will the information be secured and how long will it be retained?
Does the third-party provider have appropriate processes in place to protect personal information and comply with any obligations it has under the Privacy Act?
The OAIC has developed resources to assist organisations to undertake PIAs in relation to new or updated projects. See the
OAIC’s PIA Guide
and
PIA tool
.
Collection of personal information (APP 3)
The collection of personal information for the purposes of pixel usage is permissible where the collection is reasonably necessary for your organisation’s functions or activities (APP 3.2) and the other APP obligations outlined below are met.
What is reasonably necessary is an objective test based on whether a reasonable person who is properly informed would agree that the collection is necessary. A key factor in determining whether a collection of personal information is reasonably necessary for a function or activity includes whether the entity could undertake the function or activity without collecting that personal information, or by collecting a lesser amount of personal information.
[7]
It is your organisation’s responsibility to be able to justify that a particular collection is reasonably necessary. See
Chapter 3: APP 3 Collection of solicited personal information
in the APP Guidelines for more information.
Key consideration
Organisations could consider whether there are other methods of reaching customers for marketing purposes that may be more privacy protective and acceptable to the community (for example, using first-party data to market to individuals via more direct channels (such as email) where the individual has clearly consented or would otherwise expect your business to send them marketing materials).
Ensuring the pixel is configured appropriately
Before deploying a third-party tracking pixel, organisations should identify the types of data that will be collected and how it will be used and shared.
[8]
Many third-party pixel providers enable business users to set custom parameters or configure the types of data that will be collected and disclosed to the third-party provider.
Organisations should adopt a data minimisation approach and ensure that pixels are configured to limit the collection of personal information to the minimum amount of personal information that is reasonably necessary in the circumstances.
Key consideration
Organisations should configure pixels to collect and share the minimum amount of data. Organisations should consider only deploying the pixel on certain webpages rather than the entire website to limit the data transmitted to third party platforms.
Sensitive information
Sensitive information is personal information that includes information or an opinion about an individual’s racial or ethnic origin, political opinions or associations, religious or philosophical beliefs, and health information.
Sensitive information is generally afforded a higher level of privacy protection under the APPs in recognition of the adverse consequences that may result for individuals if it is handled inappropriately.
Before deploying a tracking pixel, organisations must consider whether activity on their website could result in the collection of sensitive information. For example, a pixel may collect and disclose information during a flight booking that could reveal sensitive information about an individual (such as making a special assistance request for a hearing impairment which could constitute health information). An individual may also reveal sensitive information about themselves solely by visiting a website, for example, a website providing mental health or counselling services.
[9]
Under APP 3.3, an organisation must only collect sensitive information with the individual’s consent and where it is reasonably necessary for its functions or activities.
[10]
The exceptions to obtaining consent in APP 3.4 are unlikely to apply in circumstances where sensitive information is collected using third-party tracking pixels for commercial purposes.
An organisation should generally seek express opt-in consent from an individual if their sensitive information is likely to be collected and disclosed to third-party platforms through a tracking pixel. Opt-out mechanisms are a type of implied consent. It is only appropriate to infer consent from an opt-out mechanism in limited circumstances.
[11]
The OAIC expects that sensitive information would only be shared through third-party tracking pixels in limited circumstances. Organisations should generally ensure pixels are configured to prevent the collection and disclosure of sensitive information about website users. Organisations should also be mindful that many third-party providers prohibit pixel users from sharing sensitive information with them as part of their terms and conditions of use.
In circumstances where sensitive information could be revealed about an individual solely by visiting a website, organisations should consider whether the use of any third-party tracking pixels is appropriate. To mitigate privacy risks, it may be preferable to avoid the use of third-party tracking pixels in these circumstances.
Key consideration
Organisations should consider whether the data collected via a tracking pixel constitutes sensitive information. Pixels should be configured to avoid the disclosure of sensitive information to third-party platforms. Sensitive information should only be collected through a tracking pixel with an individual’s express consent.
Collecting by lawful and fair means
Under APP 3.5, an organisation must only collect personal information by ‘lawful and fair means.’ A ‘fair means’ of collection is one that is not unreasonably intrusive. Whether a collection occurs by unfair means will depend on the circumstances. For example, it would usually be unfair to collect personal information covertly without the knowledge of the individual.
By design, tracking pixels are ‘invisible’ to individuals, meaning individuals will often not be aware that their data is being collected and that their activity is being tracked. In these circumstances, it is important that organisations are clear and transparent about their use of third-party tracking pixels (see below for further information).
Use and disclosure of personal information (APP 6)
Organisations will need to ensure they comply with APP 6 in relation to the use and disclosure of personal information through tracking pixels.
[12]
Before deploying third-party tracking pixels, organisations should clearly understand how the third-party platform will use and disclose the information it receives.
APP 6 does not apply to the use or disclosure of personal information for the purposes of direct marketing, which is covered by APP 7 (see below).
APP 6 requires entities to only use or disclose personal information for the primary purpose for which it was collected, unless they have consent or can establish the secondary use or disclosure would be reasonably expected by the individual, and is related (or directly related, for sensitive information) to the primary purpose.
If an organisation is seeking to rely on consent for the use and disclosure of personal information, it should generally obtain express opt-in consent. It is only appropriate to infer consent from an opt-out mechanism in limited circumstances.
[13]
Whether an individual would reasonably expect the use or disclosure of their personal information is an objective test which has regard to what a reasonable person, properly informed, would expect in the circumstances. A secondary use or disclosure may be within an individual’s reasonable expectations if it was expressly outlined in a notice at the time of collection and in an organisation’s privacy policy (see more information about transparency obligations below).
Organisations must also consider whether personal information collected via a tracking pixel will be sent overseas by the third-party provider. In these circumstances, an organisation must take reasonable steps under APP 8 to ensure that the overseas recipient does not breach the APPs (unless an exception applies) before deploying tracking pixels on its website. For more information, see
Chapter 8: APP 8 Cross-border disclosure of personal information
in the APP Guidelines.
Direct marketing (APP 7)
APP 7 applies to organisations that use or disclose personal information for direct marketing.
[14]
It does not apply to direct marketing communications covered by the
Do Not Call Register Act 2006
or the
Spam Act 2003
.
This means that APP 7 will apply to targeted online advertising using an individual’s personal information. If an organisation is using or disclosing personal information using a third-party tracking pixel to target individuals with ads on third-party platforms, it must comply with APP 7.
This means that organisations must:
only use or disclose personal information where the individual would reasonably expect the organisation to use or disclose the personal information for direct marketing
provide individuals with a simple way to request not to receive direct marketing communications from the organisation, and
if an individual asks, stop using or disclosing their personal information for direct marketing.
[15]
An individual may reasonably expect their personal information to be used or disclosed for direct marketing purposes if they have consented, or if they have been notified about the use or disclosure of their personal information for these purposes. Organisations may only use or disclose sensitive information for direct marketing purposes with the individual’s consent (APP 7.4).
Organisations should enable website users to opt-out of receiving targeted online ads using tracking pixels. For example, an organisation could deploy a banner or pop-up when a user first visits a website which provides notice of the use of third-party tracking pixels for marketing or advertising purposes and allows the user to opt-out.
Key considerations
Organisations must comply with APP 7 when using third-party tracking pixels to target individuals with online advertising and provide individuals with a simple way to opt-out.
Transparency obligations (APPs 1 and 5)
Organisations must be transparent about the collection, use and disclosure of personal information using third-party tracking pixels.
Organisations are required to have a clearly expressed and up to date privacy policy about their management of individuals’ personal information (APP 1.3). APP 1.4 sets out the matters that must be addressed in an organisation’s privacy policy. Organisations should clearly disclose their use of third-party tracking pixels in their privacy policy, including the kinds of personal information collected by the pixel and the purposes for which the information is handled.
A privacy policy is not meant to be a substitute for notification requirements under APP 5. APP 5 also requires an organisation that collects personal information to take reasonable steps to notify an individual of certain matters or to ensure the individual is aware of those matters. Reasonable steps must be taken at or before the time of collection, or as soon as practicable after.
Organisations should notify individuals of their use of third-party tracking pixels to collect and disclose personal information, and other matters listed in APP 5.2 as are reasonable in the circumstances. This may include the third-party pixel providers that the organisation usually discloses personal information to, and any overseas recipients.
An individual may be notified or made aware of APP 5 matters through a variety of formats, provided the matters are expressed clearly. This could include via a banner or pop-up when an individual visits a website which notifies a visitor of the use of tracking pixels, with links to further privacy information on an organisation’s website.
For more information see,
Chapter 1: APP 1 Open and transparent management of personal information
and
Chapter 5: APP 5 Notification of the collection of personal information
in the APP Guidelines.
Key considerations
An organisation must ensure its privacy policy and collection notices contain clear and transparent information about the use of third-party tracking pixels to collect, use and disclose personal information.
Additional resources
Australian Privacy Principles guidelines
Guide to developing an APP privacy policy
Guide to undertaking privacy impact assessments
Privacy impact assessment tool
Undertaking a privacy impact assessment
(eLearning course)
Direct marketing
Sending personal information overseas
[1]
Tracking pixels may also be used in apps, emails and other digital channels. This guidance note primarily refers to the use of tracking pixels on websites. Organisations should still consider the information in this guidance when seeking to deploy tracking pixels through other channels.
[2]
Lurking Beneath the Surface: Hidden Impacts of Pixel Tracking
- external site
[3]
For more information, see
What is personal information?
.
[4]
‘Privacy by design’ is a process for embedding good privacy practices into the design specifications of technologies, business practices and physical infrastructure. See
Privacy by design
.
[5]
APP 1.2 requires organisations to take reasonable steps to implement practices, procedures and systems to ensure the organisation complies with the APPs, and is able to deal with related enquiries and complaints. For more information, see
Chapter 1: APP 1 Open and transparent management of personal information
[6]
The OAIC’s
Australian Community Attitudes to Privacy Survey 2023
found that the majority of Australians believe the following practices were unfair and unreasonable: online tracking, profiling and targeted advertising to children (89%), online tracking, profiling and targeted advertising to vulnerable individuals (88%), online tracking, profiling and targeted advertising to adults based on personal (but not sensitive) information (69%), targeted advertising based on sensitive information (84%).
[7]
See
Chapter 3: APP 3 Collection of solicited personal information
. See also
Commissioner initiated investigation into 7-Eleven Stores Pty Ltd (Privacy) (Corrigendum dated 12 October 2021) [2021] AICmr 50 (29 September 2021) (austlii.edu.au)
- external site
[8]
Website Privacy Controls | New York State Attorney General (ny.gov)
- external site
[9]
Personal information includes opinions or inferences drawn about people, whether or not these are accurate. The definition of personal information already contemplates inferences by seeking to cover ‘opinions’, ‘whether true or not’ about an individual.
[10]
Consent means express or implied consent (s 6(1) of the Privacy Act). More information about the four key elements of consent is available in
Chapter B: Key concepts
.
[11]
See
Chapter B: Key concepts
.
[12]
Further information about APP 6 requirements and exceptions is in the APP Guidelines at
Chapter 6: APP 6 Use or disclosure of personal information
.
[13]
See
Chapter B: Key concepts
.
[14]
Direct marketing involved the use or disclosure of personal information to communicate directly with an individual to promote goods or services.
[15]
This guidance outlines the requirements under APP 7 where the personal information has been collected directly from an individual, and the individual would reasonably expect their personal information to be used or disclosed for the purpose of direct marketing (APP 7.2). APP 7 contains additional requirements in circumstances where the personal information has been collected from a third party, or from the individual directly but the individual does not have a reasonable expectation that their personal information will be used or disclosed for the purpose of direct marketing (APP 7.3). See
Chapter 7: APP 7 Direct marketing
.
Did you find this helpful?
Yes
No
We'd love to hear more!
Please tell us more
Rate your experience
We'd love to hear more about your rating
What did you come here to do?
How can we improve this information?
⨯
Share
Facebook
Twitter
Linkedin