ParkChicago Privacy Policy
Effective date: September 5, 2019
This Privacy Policy Applies to Several of our Sites and Apps
This policy describes our privacy practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used by Chicago Parking Meters, LLC (collectively, “we,” “us,” or “our”) when you access or use our mobile pay stations and our websites and applications, including parkchicago.com, chicagoparking.ppprk.com and parkchicagofleet.ppprk.com or ParkChicago®’s mobile applications that facilitate parking payment processing and enforcement including ParkChicago®, ParkChicago®Fleet, and ParkChicago® Map (collectively the “Site”) and the customer service that we provide when you contact us.
This privacy policy does not apply to the use of personal information by third parties whose websites or systems may be linked to our Site or who collect information from you through our Site, such as any municipal or other governmental authorities that may be responsible for issuing or adjudicating parking tickets.
We collect information through the Site.
We may collect contact and personal information. For example, we might collect your name, company name, phone number, mobile phone number, mailing address, and email address.
Account information. When you sign up for an account we collect your phone number/mobile number and account password/PIN.
Payment information. If you make purchases or create an account, we might collect your credit card and billing information.
We may collect vehicle and parking location information. For example, we might collect your license plate number, and where and when you have used our services to park your car.
We may collect information about your use of the Site. We will collect information regarding your use of the Site, such as the web pages you visit, what buttons you click, how long you use our services, information about the browser you are using, and other details.
We collect information about your device and Internet usage. If you download one of our mobile applications, we may collect information from your mobile device, including identifiers to help us identify your device’s hardware and operating system. Device information may be accessed using industry standard identifiers such as those approved by your device operating system manufacturer. We may also collect information about the parts of the Site you use. We may work with vendors who collect information about you when you use the Site.
Other information. We may collect information that you submit when you contact our customer support, or otherwise contact us.  This may include your name, email address, and phone number, and any other information submitted during your use of the Site.
We collect information directly from you, from third parties, and passively.
We collect information directly from you. We might collect information from you when you create an account, make a purchase, or use one of our pay stations.
We collect information from you passively. We (or vendors acting on our behalf) use common collection techniques. For example, we may collect information from your mobile device. We may also use cookies to collect information about your browser when you connect to the Site.
We use information to provide the features on our Site and as described here.
We use your information to provide you with the services on the Site and manage your relationship and/or account with us.  For example, we may use your information to help you create your account, and help you access your account, or if you forget your password/PIN. You also can use the Site to review when and where you have parked, and you may be able to generate parking receipts based on your parking activities. As we describe below, if your account is associated with another party (such as your employer), they will have access to your use of the Site, including the amounts you have paid for parking, the time and location of your parking, and other details regarding your transactions on the Site.
We use your information to help us improve our products and services. For example, we might use your device information to help you with bug fixes. We may also look at usage trends to make sure the Site is easy to use. We may also use information to customize your browsing experience.
For security purposes.  We may use information to protect our company, our customers, and the Site.
To communicate with you.  For example, we may send you email or text messages. We might also send you push notifications. We might send these messages to verify your account or notify you about your account. We might also send these messages about your transactions, or parking expiration. We may also use your information to communicate with you about changes to the Site, and we may contact you about the services we provide. We may also combine information that we receive about you from third parties with information we already have.
As otherwise permitted by law.
For other reasons we may describe to you at the time of collection.
We may share information with third parties.
For ParkChicago® Fleet users only, if your account is associated with another party (such as your employer), this party will have access to your use of the Site, including the amounts you have paid for parking, the time and location of your parking, and other details regarding your transactions on the Site. This is only the case for ParkChicago® Fleet users and not ordinary ParkChicago® users.
To comply with the law or to protect our rights and interests or for the protection of others. We may disclose information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, such as to respond to a subpoena, similar legal process or in response to other lawful requests from law enforcement agencies, to protect against misuse of our Site, to protect or enforce our rights and interests or to protect the rights, property, or safety of other users of our Site or the public, and to otherwise cooperate with law enforcement or regulatory authorities.
With third parties providing services or functionality. For example, we may share your information with vendors who provide technology and other services on our behalf.  We (or vendors on our behalf) may also share your information with payment processors to make payments or add credit to your mobile wallet account.
With the City of Chicago. For example, we will share your information for parking enforcement services and other municipal functions. Please remember that we are not responsible for the data practices of the City of Chicago.  Moreover, your account information on our Site is not the official record maintained by the City of Chicago.
In the event of a change in corporate ownership. For example, if all or a part of our business was sold, we may sell our customer list as part of that transaction.
For other reasons we may describe to you at the time of collection.
We use common tracking technologies.
We or our vendors may use several common tracking tools. These may include browser cookies. We use these tools to track our consumers and Site visitors.  We also use them for other business purposes, including:
To track new visitors to the Site.
To recognize past customers.
So we can better understand our audience, our customers, our Site visitors, and their respective interests.
Please note that our Site does not respond to “Do Not Track” requests.
You have certain choices about our tracking tools.
You may choose to disable browser cookies.  Your browser may give you the ability to control browser cookies. Certain browsers can be set to reject browser cookies. Note, however, if you set your computer to block cookies, you may not be able to use certain features on our Site.
You have other controls you can exercise. You can choose whether or not to share personal information. If you choose not to share, parts of our Site and related services may be more difficult or impossible to use.
You can uninstall a mobile application. You can easily stop all collection of information by one of our mobile applications by uninstalling the application. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network. Please know that after you delete the mobile application, we will not collect additional information about you, but we may continue to use data that was collected previously.
We store information in the United States.
Our Site and servers may be located in the United States. If you are outside of the U.S., your information may be sent to the United States. By using our Site, and by giving us your information, you consent to such transfer. You also understand that the U.S. may not provide you with the same level of protection as the laws of your country. Please do not use our Site if you do not agree to the transfer and processing of your information as described in this privacy policy or if it is illegal to do so in your home country.
We use standard security measures.
We, or vendors who perform services on our behalf, use standard security measures on our Site. However, the internet is a public place. We cannot promise that your information will remain secure. We encourage you to use caution when sharing information.  Do not share your password/PIN with other people and pick secure passwords/PIN.
The Site is not intended for kids.
The Site is not intended for children. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 and in the event that we learn that a child under the age of 13 has provided information on our Site, we will delete that information as soon as possible. If you are a parent or guardian and think we have information about your child, please contact us by phone at 1-877-242-7901.
Our Site may have links to third party apps, sites, or services we don’t control.
Our Site may contain links to third party sites. If you click on one of those links, you will be taken to sites we do not control. This policy does not apply to the practices of such third-party sites. You should read third-party privacy policies carefully.
Changes to Privacy Policy
We may amend, alter, or otherwise change this Privacy Policy at our sole discretion.  The revised policy will be effective immediately upon posting to the Site.  Further use of our Site following the update of this Policy constitutes your acceptance of the updated Privacy Policy.
Feel free to contact us if you have more questions.
If you have additional questions you can reach us by:
Phone: 1-877-242-7901 or
Email
Mail:
LAZ Parking Chicago
PO Box 8210
Chicago, IL  60680
Attention: Webmaster – Privacy Inquiry
Please include your email address, name, address and telephone number when you contact us. This helps us handle your request correctly.
This page was last modified on: September 5, 2019