中文
English
Arabic
French
Spanish
Portuguese
Japanese
Korean
Russian
魔漫相机
个人信息保护政策
最新修改日期：2021年【1
1
】月【
4
】日
本个人信息保护政策（“本政策”）旨在向您说明，在使用
魔漫相机
APP（以下称“产品”或 “服务”）时，您应了解的内容：
一、我们如何收集和使用您的个人信息
二、我们如何使用Cookie
三、我们如何共享、转让、公开披露您的个人信息
四、我们如何保护您的个人信息
五、您的权利
六、我们如何处理儿童的个人信息
七、您的个人信息如何在全球范围转移
八、适用法律及管辖
九、本政策如何更新
十、
我们的联系方式
十一、附录：权限申请及应用场景
我们重视对您的个人信息的保护，我们也致力于维持您对我们的信任，我们承诺将按业界普遍适用的安全标准，采取相应的安全保护措施来保护您的个人信息。
魔漫相机
客户端、网站、相关微信小程序或
魔漫
相机于第三方平台建立的应用等（统称“
魔漫相机
平台”），均适用于本《个人信息保护政策》，但我们收使用、共享您的个人信息方式、类型将可能根据您选择的不同
魔漫
相机平台而有所不同，在此基础上，我们承诺对您个人信息收集、使用的最大限度不超过本《个人信息保护政策》的范畴。同时，但需要特别说明的是，本政策不适用于其他第三方向您提供的产品或服务。如果您使用第三方提供的产品或服务，请关注第三方产品或服务的用户协议及个人信息保护政策。
在使用我们的产品和服务前，请您务必仔细阅读并充分了解本政策，并着重阅读斜体加粗字体。
一、
我们如何收集和使用您的个人信息
（一）
帮助您注册
魔漫相机
帐号，以成为我们的核心用户
在您使用本产品和服务时，我们建议您注册一个
魔漫相机
帐号，以更加充分地使用本产品和服务的全部功能；为此，您需要提供手机号码（用于实名认证）并创建密码、昵称。如您仅需要
社区
、
发现
此类基本产品功能及服务，您无需注册
魔漫相机
帐号并提供上述信息。您同意
魔漫相机
的《用户协议》和本《个人信息保护政策》并注册后，您可以使用
魔漫
相机的其他产品功能和/服务。如果您在注册帐号时，不提供上述信息，您将无法完成注册并享受到其他产品功能或服务，但是您可以退出注册页面后使用基本产品功能及服务。
（二）
向您提供网络安全及运营安全保障
1、为保障您的帐号、网络、运营及系统安全，预防钓鱼网站欺诈及木马病毒，在您使用本产品的过程中，我们可能会收集您的设备信息，包括不可变更的设备唯一标识（如IMEI号、AndroidID、IDFA、IDFV、ICCID、GUID、OPENUDID、SIM卡IMSI信息）、硬件序列号、MAC地址。请您理解，当您将处于设备屏幕中的
魔漫
相机APP切换至后台运行时，由于部分设备机型及系统原因，您此前使用
魔漫
相机相关功能而产生的信息收集行为，可能无法立即停止，从而将导致短暂的后台信息收集行为。
2、如您是IOS14系统以上手机用户，我们将在您同意本政策的前提下收集CAID信息，及在获得您额外同意的前提下才会收集IDFA信息。
（三）
向您提供其他相关产品功能和服务
为实现以下各项产品功能和服务，我们可能需要向您收集相对应的个人信息，若您拒绝提供，则无法使用该等特定服务。
1、
客户服务
：
当您向
魔漫
相机提起投诉、进行咨询或申诉时，为了方便与您联系或帮助您解决问题，我们可能需要您提供姓名、手机号码、电子邮件及其他有效的联系方式等个人信息。
							如您拒绝提供上述信息，我们可能无法向您及时反馈相关处理结果。
2、
面部
记忆服务
：
当您登录使用并调整
魔漫
相机的
面部漫画
，例如调整了
发型
、
脸型、胡须、眼睛
等参数，我们会记录您的调整记录，以便下次登录使用时直接给您适合的匹配参数，方便您的使用。
3、
AI算法优化服务
：
当您使用
魔漫
相机和
社区
功能拍照时，我们会采用
魔漫
人脸点据技术收集您的皮肤和五官参数，这是为了实现AI算法优化，更准确快速反馈检测报告，使用次数越多，AI算法优化效果越好。这类信息是为提供本服务必须收集的信息，收集后即作去标识化处理，不会用于识别任何特定的用户。
4、
人脸优化处理效果
：
我们的服务可能会利用程序
算法进行
人脸映像
的
相关资讯运算，以达到更好的人脸影像处理效果；在此期间，我们既不会将该等运算结果用于其他目的，也不会以记录为目的，或以其他方式搜集您的脸部映像深度为目的，撷取档案中的任何资料或上传资料到服务器。
5、
问候服务
：
当您使用拍照功能时，我们会采用
魔漫
人脸点数据技术收集您的面部识别特征，用以辨别您的性别，提供人性化的问候服务。这类信息是为提供该功能必须收集的信息，收集后即作去标识化处理，不会用于识别任何特定的用户。同时，该功能所收集的信息均保存在您的设备本地，不会上传至服务器，当您卸载本产品时，上述信息也将随产品一并删除。
6、
社区
功能
：
当您使用
魔漫
相机中的
社区
功能时，我们会采用
魔漫相机
人脸点数据技术收集您的五官参数，用以构建您的
漫画
形象。这类信息是为提供该功能必须收集的信息，收集后即作去标识化处理，不会用于识别任何特定的用户。同时，该功能所收集的信息均保存在您的设备本地，不会上传至服务器，当您卸载本产品时，上述信息也将随产品一并删除。
7、
发现功能：
当您使用
魔漫相机发现
功能时，为了您获得符合您
的漫画素材
，我们会收集您的人脸图像信息用于
漫画图像的
检测与制作，这类信息是为提供该功能必须收集的信息，我们会按照法律的要求，对您的该类信息在收集、传输和存储的过程中采取严格的加密措施，以确保您信息的安全。
8、
头像功能：
在获取您的摄像头权限的前提下：
1）当您使用
魔漫相机头像
功能时，我们会实时采用
魔漫
人脸点数据技术用以采集您的面部识别特征，以达到
为您创建漫画头像
之目的；
2）面部数据: 新建头像时，会根据用户面部数据，识别并创建卡通头像。该过程中，不会处理或与第三方共享面部数据，不会上传或存储面部照片，因为我们的头像创建技术可以在设备上、离线和私下工作。
9、
定向推送服务：
为了便于您更好地管理您的偏好，获得更轻松的访问体验，我们会基于收集的信息，对您的性别、偏好、习惯、位置、操作习惯、设备信息进行特征分析和用户人群画像，以帮助在
漫画
素材和广告内容推荐上呈现更符合您需求的内容，以减少您对
漫画素材
的筛选时间。为此，我们需要收集的信息包括您的设备识别码、语言及时区、使用本产品浏览器型号、您的应用列表信息。
							如果您对我们的定向推送不感兴趣，您可以通过应用内设置通知模块关闭定向推送功能。
10、
广告播放服务：
我们可能收集您的网络运营商及种类、网络类型、WIFI名称，以实现在广告推送过程中帮助您节省网络流量的目的，例如：当我们监测到您处于WIFI环境下，我们可能为您直接播放视频类广告内容；当我们检测您处于无网络、或弱移动网络的环境下，我们将仅为您推送您已经缓存于本地的广告内容。
11、
维护产品安全及时排除故障：
为维护我们服务的正常运行，以及保障您的帐号安全、排查产品故障、改进及优化我们的服务，我们会收集您的EXIF数据、设备型号信息及登陆IP地址、操作日志信息。这类信息是为提供服务必须收集的信息，收集后即作去标识化处理，不会用于识别任何特定的用户。
12、
保障帐号安全：
当您在使用修改密码、安全验证、申诉行为，且操作行为存在异常时，我们可能会要求您提供有效身份信息，以确保上述操作行为的安全性。此为个人敏感信息，我们将采取严格的保密措施，并不会向第三方进行共享。
13、
用于分享和调起第三方支付等功能：
如您将
魔漫
相机中内容分享至第三方平台时，我们会读取您的应用列表信息用以判断该第三方平台是否存在从而达成分享目的；如您使用
魔漫
相机中支付功能时，我们也会读取您的应用列表信息用以判断该第三方支付应用是否存在以完成支付功能。
14、
附加服务：
接收产品、服务、营销或调查问卷信息。为更好地让您了解
魔漫
相机的产品和相关服务，我们将会向您的手机推送我们的产品、服务、营销信息或向您进行相关的问卷调查。但如果您不想接收我们给您发送的此类信息，您可通过短信提示回复“TD”退订或我们提供的其他方式进行退订。
（四）
我们可能从第三方间接获取您的个人信息
1、您使用第三方帐号（微信、
Apple、Google
）登录
魔漫
相机时，可选择授权
魔漫
相机在符合相关法律法规要求的前提下读取并获得您在该第三方平台上登记、公布、记录的公开信息（包括昵称、头像）。
2、
魔漫
相机需要您授权从第三方获取上述信息是为了记住您作为
魔漫
相机用户的登录身份，以向您提供更优质的产品和服务。我们仅会在您的授权同意的范围内收集并使用您的个人信息。
（五）
魔漫相机
基于其它特别情况对您的个人信息的使用
1、如果您认为您的相关权利遭受侵犯，您可通过我们对外公布的联系方式提起投诉、举报。在此过程中，我们将要求您提供个人有效身份信息以核实投诉、举报的真实性。
2、请您理解，我们向您提供的功能和服务是不断更新和发展的，如果我们要将您的个人信息用于本政策未载明的其它用途，或基于特定目的将收集的信息用于其它目的，我们将以合理的方式（例如页面提示、交互流程、网站公告等）向您告知，并在使用前再次征得您的同意。
二、我们如何使用Cookie
为保证网站正常运行，为帮助您获得更轻松的访问体验，并向您推荐您可能感兴趣的信息，我们会在您的计算机或移动设备上存储名为Cookie的小数据文件。Cookie通常包含标识符、站点名称以及一些号码及字符。借助于Cookie，网站能够存储您的偏好等数据，以此帮助您免去重复填写个人信息、输入历史搜索内容等繁琐；同时我们还可能利用上述技术为您推荐、展示、推送您感兴趣的内容。您可根据自己的偏好管理或删除Cookie，您也可以清除计算机上保存的所有
						Cookie。有关详情，请参见AboutCookies.org。我们不会将 Cookie
						用于本政策所述目的之外的任何用途。大部分网络浏览器都设有阻止Cookie的功能，您可以通过浏览器设置选项清除计算机上保存的所有Cookie，但如果您这么做，可能会导致您在每一次访问我们的网站时都需要亲自更改用户设置。
三、
我们如何共享、转让、公开披露您的个人信息
（一）
共享
我们不会与任何公司、组织、个人分享您的个人信息，但以下情况除外：
1、在获取明确同意的情况下共享：获得您的明确同意后，我们会与其他方共享您的个人信息。
2、在法定条件下共享：我们可能会根据法律法规规定、诉讼争议解决需要、按照政府主管部门或司法机关依法提出的强制要求，对外共享您的个人信息。
3、在法律要求或允许的范围内，为了保护
魔漫相机
及其用户或社会公众的利益、财产或安全免遭损害而有必要提供您的个人信息给第三方。
4、第三方商家。当您使用
魔漫相机
时，您可能会浏览到由第三方商家提供的商品信息，若您对该商品有兴趣，您可以在商品页面手动输入您的姓名、电话号码、电子邮件、QQ号、微信号、性别、地址、生日（具体输入信息种类视实际页面为准）等用于商家回访的相关信息，商家将可能会对您进行回访，以便确认您的购卖意向。请您特别注意，您一旦主动输入并提交上述信息，即视为您已经同意将上述信息共享给第三方商家用于回访之目的应用，如您认为所填写信息与回访无关，您可以拒绝填写，因信息不实造成的任何损失与纠纷，由您自行承担责任，与我司无关。
5
、与授权合作伙伴共享：仅为实现本政策中声明的目的，我们的某些服务将由授权合作伙伴提供。如推广服务、产品分析服务、技术支持服务、电商平台合作、运营商计费充值服务。我们可能会与合作伙伴共享您的某些个人信息，以提供更好的客户服务和用户体验。我们仅会出于合法、正当、必要、特定、明确的目的共享您的个人信息，并且只会共享提供服务所必要的个人信息；同时，对我们与之共享个人信息的公司、组织和个人，我们将依法要求其按照我们的个人信息保护政策以及其他任何相关的保密和安全措施来处理个人信息。我们的合作伙伴无权将共享的个人信息用于任何其他用途。我们的合作伙伴包括以下类型：
1
）技术支持类合作伙伴。当您使用
魔漫
相机时，在具体功能应用场景需要合作伙伴提供相关技术支持，我们的应用中会嵌入授权合作伙伴的SDK或其他类似的应用程序。当您使用产品中支付功能时，需要将您的唯一设备识别码共享给微信运营方。
2
）运营商业务信息共享：在
魔漫相机
和运营商（移动、联通、电信）的合作业务中，
魔漫相机
可能会向运营商共享您的手机号，用于用户身份识别和会员服务购买扣费。
此外，某些为我们提供技术分析服务的合作伙伴，会向我们的用户收集基于其信息安全规则完成去标识化处理的少量个人信息，以帮助我们统计产品用户分布、评估产品推广效果，这些信息为设备信息（IMEI/IDFA、设备型号及语言、时区）。我们仅会选择国内管理规范的主流数据供应商，如友盟。
我们的合作伙伴可能发生变更，但无论如何，我们会敦促合作方遵守相关信息安全法规，切实保护用户个人数据。
第三方服务列表
使用场景描述
共享的个人信息类型
备注
秒验登录
用于号码的用户快速注册
/
登录魔漫相机帐号
imei, imsi, mac, iccid
https://opencloud.wostore.cn/authz/resource/html/disclaimer.html?fromsdk=true
http://wap.cmpassport.com/resources/html/contract.html
https://e.189.cn/sdk/agreement/detail.do?hidetop=true
第三方支付
SDK
（微信支付）
当用户进行付款业务时，调用第三方支付SDK
Device ID、Android ID、MAC地址
微信支付：https://pay.weixin.qq.com/index.php/public/apply_sign/protocol_v2
Facebook SDK
分享到
Facebook
获取ssid、BSSID、
RSSI、androidId、iOS
										idfa&idfv、地理位置
https://developers.facebook.com/docs/apis-and-sdks/
Firebase
统计监控线上崩溃
Android id
https://firebase.google.com/
穿山甲
提供广告服务
deviceId、运营商、IMSI、SSID、BSSID、地理位置、MAC
http://partner.toutiao.com/privacy
微信开放平台SDK
用于分享到微信
无
https://open.weixin.qq.com/cgi-bin/frame?t=news/protocol_developer_tmpl
（二）
转让
我们不会将您的个人信息转让给任何公司、组织和个人，但以下情况除外：
1、在明确获得您的同意的前提下，我们会向其他方转让您的个人信息；
2、在涉及合并、收购或破产清算时，如涉及到个人信息转让，我们会在要求新的持有您个人信息的公司、组织等主体继续接受此个人信息保护政策的约束，如果本政策约定的个人信息的收集、处理方式、使用目的等发生改变，我们将要求该公司、组织等主体重新向您征求授权同意。
（三）
公开披露
我们仅会在以下情况下，收集或公开披露您的个人信息：
1、获得您明确的同意后；
2、基于法律法规、司法机关或行政主管部门的强制性要求，我们可能会披露您的个人信息。
（四）不经授权收集、共享、转让或公开披露个人信息的例外
根据相关法律法规的规定，在以下情形中，我们可以在不征得您的授权同意的情况下收集、共享、转让或公开披露您的个人信息。
1、与国家安全、国防安全等国家利益直接相关的；
2、与公共安全、公共卫生、公众知情等重大公共利益直接相关的；
3、与犯罪侦查、起诉、审判和判决执行等直接相关的；
4、出于维护您或其他个人的生命、财产、声誉等重大合法权益但又很难得到本人同意的；
5、根据您要求签订和履行合同所必需的；
6、用于维护所提供的产品或服务的安全稳定运行所必需的，例如发现、处置产品或服务的故障；
7、出于公共利益开展统计或学术研究所必要，且其对外提供学术研究或描述的结果时，对结果中所包含的个人信息进行去标识化处理的；
8、从合法公开披露的信息中收集到的个人信息的，如合法的新闻报道、政府信息公开等渠道；
9、法律法规规定的其他情形。
四、
我们如何保护您的个人信息
我们已使用符合业界标准的安全防护措施保护您提供的个人信息，防止数据遭到未经授权访问、公开披露、使用、修改、损坏或丢失。我们会采取一切合理可行的措施，保护您的个人信息。例如，在您的浏览器与“服务”之间交换数据时受SSL加密保护；我们对产品提供的配套Web服务提供HTTPS安全访问方式；我们会使用加密技术确保数据的保密性；我们会使用受信赖的保护机制防止数据遭到恶意攻击；我们会部署访问控制机制，确保只有授权人员才可访问个人信息；以及我们会举办安全和隐私保护培训课程，加强员工对于保护个人信息重要性的认识。
我们会采取一切合理可行的措施，确保未收集无关的个人信息。我们承诺将使您的个人信息存储时间始终处于法律要求或实现产品功能和服务所需的合理必要的期限内。对于超出期限的个人信息，我们会立即删除或做匿名化处理。
互联网并非绝对安全的环境，而且电子邮件、即时通讯、及与其他用户的交流方式并未加密，我们强烈建议您不要通过此类方式发送个人信息。请使用复杂密码，协助我们保证您的账号安全。
互联网环境并非百分之百安全，我们将尽力确保或担保您发送给我们的任何信息的安全性。
在不幸发生个人信息安全事件后，我们将按照法律法规的要求，及时向您告知：安全事件的基本情况和可能的影响、我们已采取或将要采取的处置措施、您可自主防范和降低风险的建议、对您的补救措施等。我们将及时将事件相关情况以邮件、信函、电话、推送通知等方式告知您，难以逐一告知个人信息主体时，我们会采取合理、有效的方式发布公告。同时，我们还将按照监管部门要求，主动上报个人信息安全事件的处置情况。
五、
您的权利
按照中国相关的法律、法规、标准，我们保障您对自己的个人信息行使以下权利：
（一）
访问、删除、更正您的个人信息
1、个人信息访问和更正——您可以通过【
魔漫相机
】-【我
的
】-【头像】-【编辑资料】，来对您
魔漫相机
帐号中的头像、昵称、性别、生日等进行访问和更正。
2
在以下情形中，您可以向我们提出删除个人信息的请求：
1）如果我们处理个人信息的行为违反法律法规；
2）如果我们收集、使用您的个人信息，却未征得您的同意；
3）如果我们处理个人信息的行为违反了与您的约定；
4）如果您不再使用我们的产品或服务，或者您注销了
魔漫相机
帐号；
5）如果我们终止服务及运营。
以上删除请求一旦被响应，我们还将同时尽可能通知从
魔漫相近
获得您个人信息的主体，要求其及时删除相应信息，除非法律法规另有规定，或者这些主体获得您的独立授权。当您从我们的服务中删除信息后，我们可能不会立即从备份系统中删除相应的信息，我们将会在备份更新时删除这些信息或者实现匿名化处理。
（二）
撤回您的授权
如果您希望撤销同意我们收集、使用和披露您的其他个人信息或者希望我们更正、更新或删除您的个人信息，可通过本政策中的联系方式与我们联系。我们将会在收到您的电子邮件或者挂号信后的合理时间内处理您的请求并停止收集、使用和披露您的个人信息。
但请您理解并同意，当您撤回某些授权时，将导致与之相关的产品功能不可用，我们无法继续为您提供撤回同意或授权所对应的特定功能和/或服务，并且您撤回授权的决定不会影响此前基于您的授权而开展的个人信息处理。
（二）
注销帐户
您可在【
魔漫相机
】-【我
的
】-【
设置
】-【
注销账号
】中进行帐号注销。我们将在验证您的身份并清理帐号中的资产后，为您提供帐号注销服务。您注销成功后，我们将停止为您提供产品或服务，并根据适用法律的要求删除您的个人信息或作匿名化处理。
（四）
对于您的权利要求的响应
为保障安全，在您提出上述权利主张时，您可能需要提供书面请求，或以其他方式证明您的身份。我们将在验证您的身份后再处理您的请求。一般情况下，我们将在【15】天内做出答复。对于您合理的请求，我们原则上不收取费用，但对多次重复、超出合理限度的请求，我们将酌情收取一定费用。对于与您的身份不直接关联的信息、无端重复信息，或者需要过多技术手段（例如，需要开发新系统或从根本上改变现行惯例）、给他人合法权益带来风险或者不切实际的请求，我们可能会予以拒绝。
在以下情形中，按照法律法规要求，我们将无法响应您的请求：
1、与国家安全、国防安全有关的；
2、与公共安全、公共卫生、重大公共利益有关的；
3、与犯罪侦查、起诉、审判和执行判决等有关的；
4、有充分证据表明个人信息主体存在主观恶意或滥用权利的；
5、响应您的请求将导致您或其他个人、组织的合法权益受到严重损害的；
6、涉及商业秘密的。
六、
我们如何处理儿童的个人信息
我们的产品主要面向成人。如果没有父母或监护人的同意，儿童不应创建自己的个人信息主体帐户。如果您的年龄为14周岁以下，在使用我们的产品和/或服务前，请您务必在监护人的陪同下阅读本政策，并确保已征得您的监护人明确同意后，再使用我们的服务并向我们提供您的个人信息。
对于经监护人同意使用我们的产品或服务而收集儿童个人信息的情况，我们只会在法律法规允许、监护人明确同意或者保护儿童所必要的情况下使用、共享、转让或披露此信息。
如果您的监护人不同意您按照本政策使用我们的服务或向我们提供个人信息，请您立即终止使用我们的服务并及时通知我们。
如果您是父母或者监护人，对您所监护的儿童使用我们的产品/服务或其向我们提供的用户信息有任何疑问时，请您及时与我们联系。
七、
您的个人信息如何在全球范围内转移
我们会按照法律法规的规定，将中华人民共和国境内（以下简称“中国”）收集的用户个人信息存储于中国境内。
由于我们通过遍布全球的资源和服务器向用户提供产品或服务，这意味着，在获得您的授权同意后，您的个人信息可能会被转移到您使用产品或服务所在国家/地区的境外管辖区，或者受到来自这些管辖区的访问。
此类管辖区可能设有不同的数据保护法，甚至未设立相关法律。在此类情况下，我们会确保您的个人信息得到在中华人民共和国境内足够同等的保护。例如，我们会请求您对跨境转移个人信息的同意，或者在跨境数据转移之前实施数据去标识化等安全举措。
八、适用法律及管辖
本个人信息保护政策适用中华人民共和国大陆地区法律。本个人信息保护政策项下争议，由被告住所地法院管辖。
九、本政策如何更新
我们的个人信息保护政策可能会根据业务的调整、法律法规或政策的变化而适时变更。未经您明确同意，我们不会削减您按照本个人信息保护政策所应享有的权利。本政策更新后，我们会发出更新版本，并在更新后的条款生效前通过私信、通知、公告或其他适当的方式提醒您更新的内容，以便您及时了解本政策的最新版本。
若您不同意修改后的个人信息保护政策，您有权并应立即停止使用我们的产品和/或服务。如果您对本政策的更新存在疑义，请您及时通过本政策公示的联系方式与我方联系。
十、
我们的联系方式
我公司为在中华人民共和国境内成立的【
北京尤利卡科技有限公司
】，注册地址：北京市海淀区清华园内的清华大学学研综合楼B座B901-004。
如果您对本政策内容有任何疑问、意见、建议或进行申诉，您可通过以下方式联系我们：请发送电子邮件至个人信息保护专员：
feedback@mojipop.com
，也可以挂号信方式寄送至：中华人民共和国
北京
市
朝阳区三里屯
SOHO办公A座11层
（收件人：
魔漫相机
-
运营
部）。
十一、附录：权限申请及应用场景
我们将可能在您使用特定产品功能时，向您申请使用该功能所必须的权限，如您不同意开启该权限，请点击“不允许”，拒绝该权限的申请仅将影响您对特定产品功能的使用。我们在此向您列举产品将可能收集的权限类型及其使用目的。
APP权限
权限与获取信息描述
权限使用目的及业务场景
网络访问权限（android）
访问网络信息
读取手机状态，涉及到用户设备的IMEI信息，用于保障您的帐号、网络、运营及系统安全，预防钓鱼网站欺诈及木马病毒及进行用户数据统计（安装、活跃度等）用于下载和运行游戏。
电话权限
读取手机状态
读取手机状态，涉及到用户设备的IMEI信息，用于识别用户、保障您的帐号、网络、运营及系统安全，预防钓鱼网站欺诈及木马病毒及进行用户数据统计（安装、活跃度等）、第三方广告投放。
存储权限（写入）
写入外部存储
用于将用户拍摄完毕的图片、修改后的数据文件保存到本地的文件保存功能。
相机权限
允许使用相机
用于产品的拍照的功能：包括社区、发现、头像功能。
存储权限（读取）
读取外部存储
读取本地图片、数据文件等文件，用于帮助用户进行图片美化、头像包正常下载和存储。
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally identifiable information' (PII) is
						being used online. PII, as used in US privacy law and information
						security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to
						identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to
						get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with
						our website.
Information we collect or receive
You can find below a list of the authorizations we need in order to provide
Item
Description
Storage
Temporarily saving album image and playback file.
Phone
Checking phone during playback and logging in using mobile phone number.
SMS
Automatically entering authorization number received via SMS.
Contacts
Checking which friends in your contact list have made their avatars.
Information you provide.
We collect the content and other information you provide when you use our Services, including information
						about yourself or others, such as information you provide when you create
						an account and content that you create or provide through the App. When we do this, we may also collect information that is part of the
						things you share, such as the date a file was created. We also collect
						information about how you use our Services, including your interactions with our Services in connection with third-party services or website
						integrations, and the people you are connected to or communicate with
						through our Services. In the event Eureka Studios’ future products or features include purchases, we will collect information about your
						purchases or transactions, such as payment information that includes your
						credit or debit card information, account and authentication information, or billing and shipping information.
Information others provide.
We collect content and other information that other people provide when they use our Services, including
						information about you, such as when they upload or share a photo of you
						or communicate with you through our Services.
Information from websites or apps that use our Services. We collect information when you visit or use third -party websites and apps that use
						or integrate with our Services (like when they integrate with our App
						to allow you to share emoji, photos or videos on their platform). This includes information about the websites and apps you visit, your use
						of our Services on those websites and apps, as well as information that
						you or the developer or publisher of the app or website provides to us.
Device information.
We collect information from or about the devices you use to access our Services, such as the operating system,
						device identifier and settings, and other information that you permit our
						Services to access on your device, including through the permissions that you grant our Services on your device. This may also include
						location information, which can be derived from information such as your
						device's IP address or, depending on the device you use to access or use our Services (and any applicable settings) information about your
						device’s precise location.
Third-party partners. We may receive information about you from third-party partners, which we may combine with the other information we
						collect about you.
How we use information we have
We use all of the information we have to help us provide and support our Services. Here’s how:
Provide, improve and develop Services. We use the information we have to provide, improve, develop, and understand our Services and to
						deliver personalized experiences, content and information for you and others,
						which may include online ads or other forms of marketing on and off our Services. For example, so that our Services work well for you, we
						offer tools that create emoji that resemble your face, that modify the
						size and shape of facial features such as your nose or eyes, or that follow facial movements in videos. In order to enable these Services,
						we use the information we have to distinguish patterns of shape and form
						that compose a digital image of a still or moving face.
						We also may use the information we have to analyze the emoji that are selected and how people share images or videos, such as from the App
						to third-party services, or to conduct surveys and research, test
						features in development, and analyze the information we have to evaluate and improve products and services, develop new products or
						features, and conduct audits and troubleshooting activities.
Communicate with you.
We use the information we have, including your contact information, to communicate with you about our Services,
						to send you marketing communications that we think you may be interested
						in, and to otherwise let you know about our products, services, policies and terms. We also use the information we have to respond to you
						when you contact us.
						Promote safety and security. Importantly, we use information we have to promote safety and security on our Services and investigate use of
						our Services, including any suspicious activity or possible violations of
						our terms and policies.
						Cookies and other technologies. We use cookies and other technologies to operate, provide, support and customize our Services, including to
						provide our web-based Services, improve your experiences, understand how
						our Services are used, and to protect our Services. We also use software development kits (SDKs) to read, store and access information from
						your mobile device to help provide our Services as described above when
						mobile apps use or integrate with our Services. If your device or browser offer them, you can modify your cookie settings by following the
						instructions provided by your device or mobile browser. Please note that
						if you set your browser or device to delete, disable, or block cookies or other technologies, you may not be able to access certain parts of
						the Services and other parts of our Services may not work properly.
How information is shared
We may share the information we have in the following circumstances, or in other circumstances with your permission.
Things you share.
You may choose to share content and other information, or otherwise communicate with others, through our
							Services. When you do, remember that the people you share with may choose to share
							the information you shared with others.
Things others share.
Other people may use our Services to share content and other information about you, such as photos or videos.
							Third-party apps, websites or other services. When you use third-party apps, websites or other services that use, or are integrated
							with, our Services, they may collect or receive information about your
							interactions with them on our Services as well as what you post or share. Note that these services are not governed by this Privacy
							Policy, and we recommend that you review the terms, policies and practices of
							these third parties as they will apply to your access and use of those services.
							Vendors, service providers and other partners. We may share the information that we collect with vendors, service providers, and others
							that work at our direction to help us support and provide our Services
							globally. For example, we may use third-party analytics tools to help us measure use of our Services, or we may use vendors that provide
							infrastructure services to help us provide and maintain the Services.
New owner.
In the event that the ownership of MomentCam (or any portion of our assets) changes as a result of a merger,
							acquisition, or in the event of bankruptcy, information we have, including information
							from or about you, may be transferred to another company.
							We may also share de-identified or aggregate data with our partners and others. De-identified data means information where we have
							removed information that personally identifies you, such as your name or contact
							information. Aggregate data is data that has been combined with other data so that it does not identify a specific person.
Access and deletion
We store information for as long as it is necessary to provide Services to you and others, including those described above. If you have
							an account associated with our Services, information associated with your account will be kept until your account is deleted, unless we
							no longer need the data to provide products and services.
What data we are Processing: Upon account set up, we process and keep basic user information such as your profile picture, your nickname
							and post content.
							When creating avatars, we do not - at any point - upload or store the face photo, as our avatar creation technology works on device,
							offline, and privately.
How we are Processing: We process the data mentioned above through Google Firebase and Amazon AWS.
How you can request deletion of this data: you can tap on Cancel account within our apps in the settings page, or alternatively you can
							contact us at corporate@mojipop.com
You can delete your account at any time. Some of the information about you, or information you have shared with others, is not part of
							your account and therefore will not be deleted with your account. It may take a reasonable amount of time to delete your information,
							such as information stored in backup systems. Copies of some material (for example, log records) may remain in our database, as we need
							or use them for technical reasons. When you delete your account, this material is disassociated from information that personally
							identifies you. If you would like information about how to access or delete your account, you can contact us at corporate@mojipop.com.
MojiWorld
All content available in the MojiWorld section is managed at the sole criteria of Eureka Studios. Works may be deleted, changed, or
							promoted at Eureka Studios’ will. Typically, content will be deleted when: (1) Content has been found to violate IP rights; (2) Content
							cannot be personalized by other users; (3) Any other criteria that Eureka Studios may find relevant or appropriate.
You grant Eureka Studios a perpetual, irrevocable, nonexclusive, royalty-free, worldwide, fully-paid, transferable sub-licensable license
							to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, publicly perform and display your User
							Content and any name, username or likeness provided in connection with your User Content in all media formats and channels now known or
							later developed, without compensation to you. When you post or otherwise share User Content on or through our Services,
							you understand that your User Content and any associated information (such as your [username], or creation photo) will be visible to the
							public.
You grant Eureka Studios consent to use and manage the User Content, regardless of whether it includes an individual’s name, likeness,
							voice or persona, sufficient to indicate the individual’s identity. By using the Services, you agree that the User Content may be used
							for commercial purposes.
International data transfers
Regardless of where you use our Services or otherwise provide information to us, the information may be transferred to and
									maintained on
									servers located in any country globally. Note that the laws, regulations
									and standards of the country in which this information is stored may be different from your own country. By using our Services,
									you
									consent to this collection, transfer, storage, and processing of information in
									any country.
									Changes to this Privacy Policy
									If we make changes to this Privacy Policy, we will provide reasonable notice of such changes as appropriate, such as providing
									notice
									through the Services or otherwise communicating with you, and/or updating the
									"Effective Date" at the top of this policy.
California Online Privacy Protection Act
CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The
									law's
									reach stretches well beyond California to require a person or company in the
									United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting personally identifiable information from California
									consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the
									information being collected and those individuals with whom it is being shared, and to comply with this policy. - See more at:
									http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf
According to CalOPPA we agree to the following:
Users can visit our site anonymously
									Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page, or as a minimum on the first significant page
									after
									entering our website.
									Our Privacy Policy link includes the word 'Privacy', and can be easily be found on the page specified above.
Users will be notified of any privacy policy changes:
									       On our Privacy Policy Page
									Users are able to change their personal information:
									       By logging in to their account
How does our site handle do not track signals?
We honor do not track signals and do not track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is
									in
									place.
Does our site allow third party behavioral tracking?
It's also important to note that we do not allow third party behavioral tracking
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under 13, the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act
									(COPPA) puts
									parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, the nation's consumer
									protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect
									children's privacy and safety online.
We do not specifically market to children under 13.
Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include
									have played
									a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the
									globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the
									various
									privacy laws that protect personal information.
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:
We will notify the users via in site notification
									       Within 7 business days
									We also agree to the individual redress principle, which requires that individuals have a right to pursue legally enforceable
									rights
									against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This
									principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse
									to
									courts or a government agency to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by
									data processors.
This app uses MobTech's SMSSDK for user Login. For more information on MobTech's SMSSDK and MojiPop's Login Privacy Policy,
									please click
HERE
.
Survey Serving Technology
This app uses Pollfish SDK. Pollfish is an on-line survey platform, through which, anyone may conduct surveys. Pollfish
									collaborates
									with Developers of applications for smartphones in order to have access to users of such applications and address survey
									questionnaires
									to them. When a user connects to this app, a specific set of user’s device data (including Advertising ID which will may be
									processed by
									Pollfish only in strict compliance with google play policies- and/or other device data) and response meta-data is automatically
									sent to
									Pollfish servers, in order for Pollfish to discern whether the user is eligible for a survey. For a full list of data received
									by
									Pollfish through this app, please read carefully Pollfish respondent terms located at
https://www.pollfish.com/terms/respondent
. These data will be associated with your answers to
									the
									questionnaires whenever Pollfish sents such questionnaires to eligible users. By downloading the application you accept this
									privacy
									policy document and you hereby give your consent for the processing by Pollfish of the aforementioned data. Furthermore, you are
									informed that you may disable Pollfish operation at any time by using the Pollfish “opt out section” available on Pollfish
									website . We
									once more invite you to check the respondent’s terms of use, if you wish to have more detailed view of the way Pollfish works.
APPLE, GOOGLE AND AMAZON ARE NOT A SPONSOR NOR ARE INVOLVED IN ANY WAY IN THIS CONTEST/DRAW. NO APPLE PRODUCTS ARE BEING USED AS
									PRIZES.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
www.mojipop.com
WeWork 7F Taohui Xintian, 219 Wangfujing Ave.
Office 4AL2-WL6 - Dongcheng District 100006
Beijing, China
Email: corporate@mojipop.com
Last Edited on 2018-05-25
سياسة
									الخصوصية
تم
								تجميع سياسة الخصوصية هذه لتقديم خدمة أفضل لأولئك المهتمين بكيفية استخدام
								"معلومات التعريف الشخصية" الخاصة بهم (PII) عبر الإنترنت. معلومات
								التعريف الشخصية ، كما هي مستخدمة في قانون الخصوصية وأمن المعلومات في الولايات
								المتحدة ، هي المعلومات التي يمكن استخدامها بمفردها أو مع معلومات أخرى لتحديد
								شخص واحد أو الاتصال به أو تحديد موقعه ، أو لتحديد شخص في السياق. يرجى قراءة
								سياسة الخصوصية الخاصة بنا بعناية للحصول على فهم واضح لكيفية جمعنا لمعلومات
								التعريف الشخصية الخاصة بك أو استخدامها أو حمايتها أو التعامل معها بطريقة أخرى
								وفقًا لموقعنا على الويب.
المعلومات
									التي نجمعها أو نتلقاها
يمكنك
								العثور أدناه على قائمة بالتراخيص التي نحتاجها لتقديمها
العنصر
وصف
تخزين
مؤقتا
											حفظ صورة الألبوم وملف التشغيل.
هاتف
عند
											تسجيل الدخول باستخدام رقم الهاتف المحمول.
رسالة
											قصيرة
إدخال
											رقم التفويض تلقائيًا الذي تم استلامه عبر الرسائل القصيرة عند تسجيل الدخول.
بيانات
											الوجه
لا
											يتم تخزين بيانات الوجه أو مشاركتها مع جهات خارجية عند إنشاء صورة رمزية. عند
											اختيار جعل الصور الرمزية عامة أو نسخ الصور الرمزية احتياطيًا على السحابة ،
											سيتم تخزين رأس الصورة الرمزية في خوادمنا.
المعلومات
										التي تقدمها.
نقوم بجمع المحتوى والمعلومات
									الأخرى التي تقدمها عند استخدامك لخدماتنا ، بما في ذلك معلومات عنك أو عن الآخرين
									، مثل المعلومات التي تقدمها عند إنشاء حساب والمحتوى الذي تنشئه أو توفره من خلال
									التطبيق. عندما نقوم بذلك ، قد نجمع أيضًا معلومات تشكل جزءًا من الأشياء التي
									تشاركها ، مثل تاريخ إنشاء الملف. نقوم أيضًا بجمع معلومات حول كيفية استخدامك
									لخدماتنا ، بما في ذلك تفاعلاتك مع خدماتنا فيما يتعلق بخدمات الطرف الثالث أو
									عمليات تكامل مواقع الويب ، والأشخاص الذين تتصل بهم أو تتواصل معهم من خلال
									خدماتنا. في حالة احتواء منتجات أو ميزات Eureka Studios المستقبلية على عمليات
									شراء ، فسنجمع معلومات حول مشترياتك أو معاملاتك ، مثل معلومات الدفع التي تتضمن
									معلومات بطاقة الائتمان أو الخصم الخاصة بك ، أو معلومات الحساب والمصادقة ، أو
									معلومات الفوترة والشحن.
المعلومات
										التي يقدمها الآخرون.
نقوم بجمع المحتوى والمعلومات
									الأخرى التي يقدمها الآخرون عند استخدامهم لخدماتنا ، بما في ذلك المعلومات
									المتعلقة بك ، مثل عند تحميل أو مشاركة صورة لك أو التواصل معك من خلال خدماتنا.
معلومات
									من مواقع الويب أو التطبيقات التي تستخدم خدماتنا. نجمع المعلومات عندما تزور أو
									تستخدم مواقع وتطبيقات تابعة لجهات خارجية تستخدم خدماتنا أو تتكامل معها (مثل
									عندما تتكامل مع تطبيقنا للسماح لك بمشاركة الرموز التعبيرية أو الصور أو مقاطع
									الفيديو على نظامهم الأساسي). يتضمن ذلك معلومات حول مواقع الويب والتطبيقات التي
									تزورها ، واستخدامك لخدماتنا على تلك المواقع والتطبيقات ، بالإضافة إلى المعلومات
									التي تقدمها لنا أنت أو المطور أو ناشر التطبيق أو موقع الويب.
معلومات
										الجهاز.
نجمع معلومات من أو حول الأجهزة التي
									تستخدمها للوصول إلى خدماتنا ، مثل نظام التشغيل ومعرف الجهاز والإعدادات
									والمعلومات الأخرى التي تسمح لخدماتنا بالوصول إليها على جهازك ، بما في ذلك من
									خلال الأذونات التي تمنحها لخدماتنا جهازك. قد يشمل ذلك أيضًا معلومات الموقع ،
									والتي يمكن اشتقاقها من معلومات مثل عنوان IP الخاص بجهازك أو ، بناءً على الجهاز
									الذي تستخدمه للوصول إلى خدماتنا أو استخدامها (وأي إعدادات قابلة للتطبيق) ،
									معلومات حول الموقع الدقيق لجهازك.
شركاء
									الطرف الثالث. قد نتلقى معلومات عنك من شركاء خارجيين ، والتي قد ندمجها مع
									المعلومات الأخرى التي نجمعها عنك.
كيف
									نستخدم المعلومات التي لدينا
نستخدم
									جميع المعلومات التي لدينا لمساعدتنا في تقديم خدماتنا ودعمها. إليك الطريقة:
تقديم
									الخدمات وتحسينها وتطويرها. نستخدم المعلومات التي لدينا لتوفير خدماتنا وتحسينها
									وتطويرها وفهمها ولتقديم تجارب ومحتوى ومعلومات مخصصة لك وللآخرين ، والتي قد
									تتضمن إعلانات عبر الإنترنت أو أشكال تسويق أخرى داخل خدماتنا وخارجها. على سبيل
									المثال ، لكي تعمل خدماتنا بشكل جيد من أجلك ، فإننا نقدم أدوات لإنشاء رموز
									تعبيرية تشبه وجهك ، أو تعدل حجم وشكل ملامح الوجه مثل أنفك أو عينيك ، أو التي
									تتبع حركات الوجه في مقاطع الفيديو. من أجل تمكين هذه الخدمات ، نستخدم المعلومات
									التي لدينا لتمييز أنماط الشكل والشكل التي تؤلف صورة رقمية لوجه ثابت أو متحرك.
									قد نستخدم أيضًا المعلومات التي لدينا لتحليل الرموز التعبيرية التي تم تحديدها
									وكيفية مشاركة الأشخاص للصور أو مقاطع الفيديو ، مثل من التطبيق إلى خدمات الجهات
									الخارجية ، أو لإجراء استطلاعات وأبحاث ، واختبار الميزات قيد التطوير ، وتحليل
									المعلومات يتعين علينا تقييم المنتجات والخدمات وتحسينها ، وتطوير منتجات أو ميزات
									جديدة ، وإجراء عمليات تدقيق وأنشطة استكشاف الأخطاء وإصلاحها.
التواصل
										معك.
نستخدم المعلومات التي لدينا ، بما في ذلك معلومات الاتصال الخاصة
									بك ، للتواصل معك بشأن خدماتنا ، ولإرسال المراسلات التسويقية التي نعتقد أنك قد
									تكون مهتمًا بها ، ولإعلامك بمنتجاتنا وخدماتنا وسياساتنا وشروطنا. نستخدم أيضًا
									المعلومات التي لدينا للرد عليك عند الاتصال بنا. تعزيز السلامة والأمن. الأهم من
									ذلك ، نحن نستخدم المعلومات التي لدينا لتعزيز السلامة والأمن على خدماتنا
									والتحقيق في استخدام خدماتنا ، بما في ذلك أي نشاط مشبوه أو انتهاكات محتملة
									لشروطنا وسياساتنا. ملفات تعريف الارتباط والتقنيات الأخرى. نحن نستخدم ملفات
									تعريف الارتباط والتقنيات الأخرى لتشغيل خدماتنا وتوفيرها ودعمها وتخصيصها ، بما
									في ذلك تقديم خدماتنا المستندة إلى الويب وتحسين تجاربك وفهم كيفية استخدام
									خدماتنا وحماية خدماتنا. نستخدم أيضًا مجموعات تطوير البرامج (SDKs) لقراءة
									المعلومات وتخزينها والوصول إليها من جهازك المحمول للمساعدة في تقديم خدماتنا كما
									هو موضح أعلاه عندما تستخدم تطبيقات الأجهزة المحمولة خدماتنا أو تتكامل معها. إذا
									كان جهازك أو متصفحك يوفرهما ، فيمكنك تعديل إعدادات ملفات تعريف الارتباط الخاصة
									بك باتباع الإرشادات التي يوفرها جهازك أو متصفح هاتفك المحمول. يرجى ملاحظة أنه
									إذا قمت بتعيين المستعرض أو الجهاز الخاص بك على حذف أو تعطيل أو حظر ملفات تعريف
									الارتباط أو التقنيات الأخرى ، فقد لا تتمكن من الوصول إلى أجزاء معينة من الخدمات
									وقد لا تعمل أجزاء أخرى من خدماتنا بشكل صحيح.
كيف
										يتم تبادل المعلومات
قد
									نشارك المعلومات التي لدينا في الظروف التالية ، أو في ظروف أخرى بإذن منك.
الأشياء
										التي تشاركها.
يمكنك اختيار مشاركة المحتوى
									والمعلومات الأخرى ، أو التواصل مع الآخرين بطريقة أخرى ، من خلال خدماتنا. عندما
									تفعل ذلك ، تذكر أن الأشخاص الذين تشاركهم قد يختارون مشاركة المعلومات التي
									شاركتها مع الآخرين.
أشياء
										يشاركها الآخرون.
قد يستخدم أشخاص آخرون خدماتنا
									لمشاركة المحتوى والمعلومات الأخرى عنك ، مثل الصور أو مقاطع الفيديو. تطبيقات
									الطرف الثالث أو مواقع الويب أو الخدمات الأخرى. عندما تستخدم تطبيقات أو مواقع
									ويب أو خدمات أخرى تابعة لجهات خارجية تستخدم خدماتنا أو تتكامل معها ، فقد يجمعون
									أو يتلقون معلومات حول تفاعلاتك معهم على خدماتنا بالإضافة إلى ما تنشره أو
									تشاركه. لاحظ أن هذه الخدمات لا تخضع لسياسة الخصوصية هذه ، ونوصيك بمراجعة شروط
									وسياسات وممارسات هذه الأطراف الثالثة لأنها ستنطبق على وصولك إلى تلك الخدمات
									واستخدامها. الباعة ومقدمو الخدمات والشركاء الآخرون. قد نشارك المعلومات التي
									نجمعها مع البائعين ومقدمي الخدمات وغيرهم ممن يعملون بتوجيهاتنا لمساعدتنا في دعم
									وتقديم خدماتنا على مستوى العالم. على سبيل المثال ، قد نستخدم أدوات التحليلات الخاصة
									بطرف ثالث لمساعدتنا في قياس استخدام خدماتنا ، أو قد نستخدم البائعين الذين
									يقدمون خدمات البنية التحتية لمساعدتنا في توفير الخدمات والحفاظ عليها.
مالك
										جديد.
في حالة تغير ملكية MomentCam (أو أي جزء من أصولنا) نتيجة
									الاندماج أو الاستحواذ أو في حالة الإفلاس ، فقد يتم نقل المعلومات التي لدينا ،
									بما في ذلك معلومات منك أو عنك ، إلى شركة أخرى . يجوز لنا أيضًا مشاركة بيانات
									مجهولة الهوية أو مجمعة مع شركائنا وغيرهم. البيانات مجهولة الهوية تعني المعلومات
									التي قمنا فيها بإزالة المعلومات التي تحدد هويتك الشخصية ، مثل اسمك أو معلومات
									الاتصال الخاصة بك. البيانات المجمعة هي البيانات التي تم دمجها مع بيانات أخرى
									بحيث لا تحدد شخصًا معينًا.
الوصول
										والحذف
نقوم
									بتخزين المعلومات طالما كان ذلك ضروريًا لتوفير الخدمات لك وللآخرين ، بما في ذلك
									تلك المذكورة أعلاه. إذا كان لديك حساب مرتبط بخدماتنا ، فسيتم الاحتفاظ
									بالمعلومات المرتبطة بحسابك حتى يتم حذف حسابك ، ما لم نعد بحاجة إلى البيانات
									لتوفير المنتجات والخدمات.
ما
									البيانات التي نقوم بمعالجتها: عند إعداد الحساب ، نقوم بمعالجة معلومات المستخدم
									الأساسية والاحتفاظ بها مثل صورة ملفك الشخصي واللقب الخاص بك ومحتوى المنشور. عند
									إنشاء الصور الرمزية ، لا نقوم - في أي وقت - بتحميل أو تخزين صورة الوجه ، حيث
									تعمل تقنية إنشاء الصور الرمزية الخاصة بنا على الجهاز ، وفي وضع عدم الاتصال ،
									وبشكل خاص.
كيف نعالج البيانات: نقوم بمعالجة البيانات المذكورة أعلاه من خلال
									Google Firebase و Amazon AWS بالطريقة التالية:
شركة
دولة
العنصر
اثار
حفظ
استوديوهات يوريكا
سنغافورة
1) معلومات المستخدم الأساسية:
- الاسم المستعار - صورة ملف تعريف المستخدم - بيانات اعتماد تسجيل الدخول
2) النشر على MojiWorld :
- صورة
- وصف
- عند إنشاء الحساب
- عند نشر محتوى على MojiWorld
- في غضون 7 أيام بعد إلغاء الحساب.
أمازون AWS
سنغافورة
1) معلومات المستخدم الأساسية:
- الاسم المستعار - صورة ملف تعريف المستخدم - بيانات اعتماد تسجيل الدخول
2 ) النشر على MojiWorld :
- صورة
- وصف
- عند إنشاء الحساب
- عند نشر محتوى على MojiWorld
- في غضون يوم واحد بعد إلغاء الحساب في Eureka Studios
Google Firebase
محليا
- بيانات اعتماد تسجيل دخول
المستخدم
- عند إنشاء الحساب
- في غضون يوم واحد بعد إلغاء الحساب في Eureka Studios
كيف يمكنك طلب حذف هذه البيانات: يمكنك النقر فوق "إلغاء
									الحساب" داخل تطبيقاتنا في صفحة الإعدادات ، أو بدلاً من ذلك يمكنك الاتصال
									بنا على
enterprise@mojipop.com
". سيتم حذف بياناتك نهائيًا في غضون 7 أيام بعد الطلب.
يمكنك
									حذف حسابك في أي وقت. بعض المعلومات الخاصة بك ، أو المعلومات التي قمت بمشاركتها
									مع الآخرين ، ليست جزءًا من حسابك ، وبالتالي لن يتم حذفها من حسابك. قد يستغرق
									حذف معلوماتك فترة زمنية معقولة ، مثل المعلومات المخزنة في أنظمة النسخ
									الاحتياطي. قد تبقى نسخ من بعض المواد (على سبيل المثال ، سجلات السجل) في قاعدة
									البيانات الخاصة بنا ، حيث نحتاجها أو نستخدمها لأسباب فنية. عندما تحذف حسابك ،
									يتم فصل هذه المادة عن المعلومات التي تحدد هويتك الشخصية. إذا كنت ترغب في الحصول
									على معلومات حول كيفية الوصول إلى حسابك أو حذفه ، يمكنك الاتصال بنا على
									enterprise@mojipop.com.
MojiWorld
جميع
									المحتويات المتوفرة في قسم MojiWorld وفقًا لمعايير Eureka Studios وحدها. يمكن
									حذف الأعمال أو تغييرها أو الترويج لها حسب رغبة Eureka Studios. عادةً ما يتم حذف
									المحتوى عندما: (1) تبين أن المحتوى ينتهك حقوق الملكية الفكرية ؛ (2) لا يمكن
									تخصيص المحتوى من قبل المستخدمين الآخرين ؛ (3) أي معايير أخرى قد تجدها Eureka
									Studios ملائمة أو مناسبة.
ترخيصًا
									فرعيًا دائمًا وغير قابل للإلغاء وغير حصري وخالي من حقوق الملكية وعالمي ومدفوع
									بالكامل وقابل للتحويل لاستخدام وإعادة إنتاج وتعديل وتكييف ونشر وترجمة وإنشاء
									أعمال مشتقة منها وتوزيعها وأداءها وعرضها علنًا محتوى المستخدم الخاص بك وأي اسم
									أو اسم مستخدم أو ما شابه يتم توفيره فيما يتعلق بمحتوى المستخدم الخاص بك في جميع
									تنسيقات الوسائط والقنوات المعروفة الآن أو التي تم تطويرها لاحقًا ، دون تعويض
									لك. عندما تنشر أو تشارك محتوى مستخدم على خدماتنا أو من خلالها ، فإنك تدرك أن
									محتوى المستخدم الخاص بك وأي معلومات مرتبطة به (مثل [اسم المستخدم] أو صورة
									الإنشاء) ستكون مرئية للجمهور.
أنت
									تمنح Eureka Studios الموافقة على استخدام محتوى المستخدم وإدارته ، بغض النظر عما
									إذا كان يتضمن اسم الفرد أو صورته أو صوته أو شخصيته ، بما يكفي للإشارة إلى هوية
									الفرد. باستخدام الخدمات ، فإنك توافق على أنه يجوز استخدام محتوى المستخدم لأغراض
									تجارية.
عمليات
										نقل البيانات الدولية
بغض
									النظر عن المكان الذي تستخدم فيه خدماتنا أو تقدم معلومات لنا بطريقة أخرى ، فقد
									يتم نقل المعلومات إلى الخوادم الموجودة في أي بلد على مستوى العالم والاحتفاظ بها
									عليها. لاحظ أن قوانين ولوائح ومعايير الدولة التي يتم فيها تخزين هذه المعلومات
									قد تختلف عن بلدك. باستخدام خدماتنا ، فإنك توافق على جمع المعلومات ونقلها
									وتخزينها ومعالجتها في أي بلد. التغييرات على سياسة الخصوصية هذه إذا قمنا بإجراء
									تغييرات على سياسة الخصوصية هذه ، فسنقدم إشعارًا معقولاً بهذه التغييرات حسب
									الاقتضاء ، مثل تقديم إشعار من خلال الخدمات أو التواصل معك بطريقة أخرى ، و / أو
									تحديث "تاريخ السريان" في الأعلى من هذه السياسة.
قانون
										كاليفورنيا لحماية الخصوصية على الإنترنت
CalOPPA
									هو أول قانون ولاية في الدولة يطالب المواقع التجارية والخدمات عبر الإنترنت بنشر
									سياسة الخصوصية. يمتد نطاق القانون إلى ما هو أبعد من ولاية كاليفورنيا ليطلب من
									شخص أو شركة في الولايات المتحدة (ومن الممكن تصورها في العالم) تشغيل مواقع الويب
									التي تجمع معلومات التعريف الشخصية من مستهلكي كاليفورنيا لنشر سياسة خصوصية واضحة
									على موقعها على الويب توضح بالضبط المعلومات التي يتم جمعها وتلك الأفراد الذين
									يتم مشاركتها معهم ، والامتثال لهذه السياسة. - انظر المزيد على:
									http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf
وفقًا
										لـ CalOPPA ، نوافق على ما يلي:
يمكن
									للمستخدمين زيارة موقعنا بشكل مجهول بمجرد إنشاء سياسة الخصوصية هذه ، سنضيف
									رابطًا إليها على صفحتنا الرئيسية ، أو كحد أدنى في أول صفحة مهمة بعد الدخول إلى
									موقعنا. يشتمل رابط سياسة الخصوصية الخاصة بنا على كلمة "الخصوصية " ،
									ويمكن العثور عليه بسهولة في الصفحة المحددة أعلاه.
سيتم
									إخطار المستخدمين بأي تغييرات في سياسة الخصوصية: في صفحة سياسة الخصوصية الخاصة
									بنا ، يمكن للمستخدمين تغيير معلوماتهم الشخصية: عن طريق تسجيل الدخول إلى
									حساباتهم
كيف
									التعامل مع موقعنا لا تتبع الإشارات؟
نحن
									نحترم إشارات عدم التتبع ولا نتتبع ملفات تعريف الارتباط أو ننتجها أو نستخدم
									الإعلانات عندما تكون آلية متصفح عدم التعقب (DNT) في مكانها الصحيح.
هل
									يسمح موقعنا بتتبع سلوك طرف ثالث؟
من
									المهم أيضًا ملاحظة أننا لا نسمح بتتبع سلوك الطرف الثالث
COPPA
										(قانون حماية خصوصية الأطفال على الإنترنت)
عندما
									يتعلق الأمر بجمع المعلومات الشخصية من الأطفال دون سن 13 عامًا ، فإن قانون حماية
									خصوصية الأطفال على الإنترنت (COPPA) يضع الآباء تحت السيطرة. تقوم لجنة التجارة
									الفيدرالية ، وهي وكالة حماية المستهلك في البلاد ، بفرض قاعدة COPPA ، التي تحدد
									ما يجب على مشغلي مواقع الويب والخدمات عبر الإنترنت القيام به لحماية خصوصية
									الأطفال وسلامتهم عبر الإنترنت.
نحن لا
									نسوق خصيصًا للأطفال دون سن 13 عامًا.
ممارسات
										المعلومات العادلة
تشكل
									مبادئ ممارسات المعلومات العادلة العمود الفقري لقانون الخصوصية في الولايات
									المتحدة ، وقد لعبت المفاهيم التي تتضمنها دورًا مهمًا في تطوير قوانين حماية
									البيانات حول العالم. يعد فهم مبادئ الممارسة العادلة للمعلومات وكيفية تنفيذها
									أمرًا بالغ الأهمية للامتثال لقوانين الخصوصية المختلفة التي تحمي المعلومات
									الشخصية.
من أجل
									التماشي مع ممارسات المعلومات العادلة ، سنتخذ الإجراء المتجاوب التالي ، في حالة
									حدوث خرق للبيانات:
سنقوم
									بإخطار المستخدمين عبر إشعار الموقع في غضون 7 أيام عمل ، كما نوافق أيضًا على
									مبدأ التعويض الفردي ، الذي يتطلب أن يكون للأفراد الحق في متابعة الحقوق القابلة
									للتنفيذ قانونًا ضد جامعي البيانات والمعالجات الذين لا يلتزمون بالقانون. لا
									يتطلب هذا المبدأ فقط أن يكون للأفراد حقوق قابلة للتنفيذ ضد مستخدمي البيانات ،
									بل يتطلب أيضًا أن يلجأ الأفراد إلى المحاكم أو وكالة حكومية للتحقيق و / أو
									مقاضاة عدم الامتثال من قبل معالجي البيانات.
يستخدم
									هذا التطبيق SMSSDK من MobTech لتسجيل دخول المستخدم. لمزيد من المعلومات حول
									سياسة الخصوصية لـ MobTech 's SMSSDK و MojiPop's Login Privacy Policy ، يرجى
									النقر
هنا
.
الاتصال
									بنا
إذا
									كانت هناك أي أسئلة بخصوص سياسة الخصوصية هذه ، يمكنك الاتصال بنا باستخدام
									المعلومات الواردة أدناه.
www.mojipop.com
北京市 朝阳 区 三里屯
سوهو
办公
أ
座
11
层
A1123
Sanlitun
									Soho، Building A، A 1123
Beijing، China البريد الإلكتروني: Corporate@mojipop.com آخر تحرير في 20 22-10-19
Politique de confidentialité
Cette
								politique de confidentialité a été compilée pour mieux servir ceux qui sont
								préoccupés par la façon dont leurs « informations personnelles
								identifiables » (PII) sont utilisées en ligne. Les PII, telles
								qu'utilisées dans la loi américaine sur la confidentialité et la sécurité des
								informations, sont des informations qui peuvent être utilisées seules ou avec
								d'autres informations pour identifier, contacter ou localiser une seule
								personne, ou pour identifier une personne dans son contexte. Veuillez lire attentivement
								notre politique de confidentialité pour bien comprendre comment nous
								recueillons, utilisons, protégeons ou traitons autrement vos informations
								personnelles identifiables conformément à notre site Web.
Informations
									que nous collectons ou recevons
Vous
								trouverez ci-dessous une liste des autorisations dont nous avons besoin pour
								fournir
Article
La description
Stockage
Enregistrement
											temporaire de l'image de l'album et du fichier de lecture.
Téléphoner
Lors
											de la connexion à l'aide du numéro de téléphone mobile.
SMS
Saisie
											automatique du numéro d'autorisation reçu par SMS lors de la connexion.
Données
											faciales
Aucune
											donnée faciale n'est stockée ou partagée avec des tiers lors de la création
											d'un avatar. Lorsque vous choisissez de rendre les avatars publics ou de les
											sauvegarder dans le cloud, la tête de l'avatar sera stockée sur nos serveurs.
Informations
										que vous fournissez.
Nous collectons le contenu et
									d'autres informations que vous fournissez lorsque vous utilisez nos Services, y
									compris des informations sur vous-même ou sur d'autres, telles que les
									informations que vous fournissez lorsque vous créez un compte et le contenu que
									vous créez ou fournissez via l'Application. Lorsque nous procédons ainsi, nous
									pouvons également collecter des informations faisant partie des éléments que
									vous partagez, telles que la date de création d'un fichier. Nous recueillons
									également des informations sur la façon dont vous utilisez nos Services, y
									compris vos interactions avec nos Services en relation avec des services tiers
									ou des intégrations de sites Web, et les personnes avec lesquelles vous êtes
									connecté ou avec lesquelles vous communiquez via nos Services. Dans le cas où
									les futurs produits ou fonctionnalités d'Eureka Studios incluent des achats,
									nous collecterons des informations sur vos achats ou transactions, telles que
									les informations de paiement qui incluent les informations de votre carte de
									crédit ou de débit, les informations de compte et d'authentification, ou les
									informations de facturation et d'expédition.
Informations
										fournies par d'autres.
Nous collectons du contenu et
									d'autres informations que d'autres personnes fournissent lorsqu'elles utilisent
									nos Services, y compris des informations vous concernant, par exemple
									lorsqu'elles téléchargent ou partagent une photo de vous ou communiquent avec
									vous via nos Services.
Informations
									provenant de sites Web ou d'applications qui utilisent nos services. Nous
									recueillons des informations lorsque vous visitez ou utilisez des sites Web et
									des applications tiers qui utilisent ou s'intègrent à nos Services (comme
									lorsqu'ils s'intègrent à notre Application pour vous permettre de partager des
									emoji, des photos ou des vidéos sur leur plateforme). Cela inclut des
									informations sur les sites Web et les applications que vous visitez, votre
									utilisation de nos Services sur ces sites Web et applications, ainsi que les
									informations que vous ou le développeur ou l'éditeur de l'application ou du
									site Web nous fournissez.
Informations
										sur l'appareil.
Nous collectons des informations à partir
									des appareils que vous utilisez pour accéder à nos Services, telles que le
									système d'exploitation, l'identifiant et les paramètres de l'appareil, et
									d'autres informations auxquelles vous autorisez nos Services à accéder sur
									votre appareil, y compris via les autorisations que vous accordez à nos
									Services sur votre appareil. Cela peut également inclure des informations de
									localisation, qui peuvent être dérivées d'informations telles que l'adresse IP
									de votre appareil ou, selon l'appareil que vous utilisez pour accéder ou
									utiliser nos Services (et tous les paramètres applicables), des informations
									sur l'emplacement précis de votre appareil.
Partenaires
									tiers. Nous pouvons recevoir des informations vous concernant de la part de
									partenaires tiers, que nous pouvons combiner avec les autres informations que
									nous recueillons à votre sujet.
Comment
									nous utilisons les informations dont nous disposons
Nous
									utilisons toutes les informations dont nous disposons pour nous aider à fournir
									et à soutenir nos Services. Voici comment:
Fournir,
									améliorer et développer les Services. Nous utilisons les informations dont nous
									disposons pour fournir, améliorer, développer et comprendre nos Services et
									pour fournir des expériences, du contenu et des informations personnalisés pour
									vous et d'autres, ce qui peut inclure des publicités en ligne ou d'autres
									formes de marketing sur et en dehors de nos Services. Par exemple, afin que nos
									Services fonctionnent bien pour vous, nous proposons des outils qui créent des
									emoji qui ressemblent à votre visage, qui modifient la taille et la forme des
									traits du visage tels que votre nez ou vos yeux, ou qui suivent les mouvements
									du visage dans les vidéos. Afin d' activer ces Services, nous utilisons les
									informations dont nous disposons pour distinguer les modèles de forme et de
									forme qui composent une image numérique d'un visage fixe ou en mouvement. Nous
									pouvons également utiliser les informations dont nous disposons pour analyser
									les emoji sélectionnés et la façon dont les gens partagent des images ou des
									vidéos, par exemple de l'application à des services tiers, ou pour mener des
									enquêtes et des recherches, tester des fonctionnalités en développement et
									analyser les informations. nous devons évaluer et améliorer les produits et
									services, développer de nouveaux produits ou fonctionnalités, et mener des
									audits et des activités de dépannage.
Communiquer
										avec toi.
Nous utilisons les informations dont nous disposons, y compris
									vos coordonnées, pour communiquer avec vous au sujet de nos Services, pour vous
									envoyer des communications marketing susceptibles de vous intéresser et pour
									vous informer autrement de nos produits, services, politiques et conditions.
									Nous utilisons également les informations dont nous disposons pour vous
									répondre lorsque vous nous contactez. Promouvoir la sûreté et la sécurité. Il
									est important de noter que nous utilisons les informations dont nous disposons
									pour promouvoir la sûreté et la sécurité sur nos Services et enquêter sur
									l'utilisation de nos Services, y compris toute activité suspecte ou violation
									possible de nos conditions et politiques. Cookies et autres technologies. Nous
									utilisons des cookies et d'autres technologies pour exploiter, fournir, prendre
									en charge et personnaliser nos Services, notamment pour fournir nos Services
									Web, améliorer vos expériences, comprendre comment nos Services sont utilisés
									et protéger nos Services. Nous utilisons également des kits de développement
									logiciel (SDK) pour lire, stocker et accéder aux informations de votre appareil
									mobile afin de fournir nos Services comme décrit ci-dessus lorsque des
									applications mobiles utilisent ou s'intègrent à nos Services. Si votre appareil
									ou votre navigateur les proposent, vous pouvez modifier vos paramètres de
									cookies en suivant les instructions fournies par votre appareil ou votre
									navigateur mobile. Veuillez noter que si vous configurez votre navigateur ou
									votre appareil pour supprimer, désactiver ou bloquer les cookies ou d'autres
									technologies, vous ne pourrez peut-être pas accéder à certaines parties des
									Services et d'autres parties de nos Services peuvent ne pas fonctionner
									correctement.
Comment
										les informations sont partagées
Nous
									pouvons partager les informations dont nous disposons dans les circonstances
									suivantes, ou dans d'autres circonstances avec votre permission.
Choses
										que vous partagez.
Vous pouvez choisir de partager du contenu
									et d'autres informations, ou de communiquer autrement avec d'autres, par le
									biais de nos Services. Lorsque vous le faites, rappelez-vous que les personnes
									avec qui vous partagez peuvent choisir de partager les informations que vous
									avez partagées avec d'autres.
Des
										choses que les autres partagent.
D'autres personnes
									peuvent utiliser nos Services pour partager du contenu et d'autres informations
									vous concernant, telles que des photos ou des vidéos. Applications, sites Web
									ou autres services tiers . Lorsque vous utilisez des applications, des sites
									Web ou d'autres services tiers qui utilisent ou sont intégrés à nos Services,
									ils peuvent collecter ou recevoir des informations sur vos interactions avec
									eux sur nos Services ainsi que sur ce que vous publiez ou partagez. Notez que
									ces services ne sont pas régis par la présente politique de confidentialité, et
									nous vous recommandons de consulter les conditions, politiques et pratiques de
									ces tiers car elles s'appliqueront à votre accès et à votre utilisation de ces
									services. Vendeurs, prestataires de services et autres partenaires. Nous
									pouvons partager les informations que nous collectons avec des fournisseurs,
									des prestataires de services et d'autres personnes qui travaillent sous notre
									direction pour nous aider à prendre en charge et à fournir nos Services à
									l'échelle mondiale. Par exemple, nous pouvons utiliser des outils d'analyse
									tiers pour nous aider à mesurer l'utilisation de nos Services, ou nous pouvons
									utiliser des fournisseurs qui fournissent des services d'infrastructure pour
									nous aider à fournir et à maintenir les Services.
Nouveau
										propriétaire.
Dans le cas où la propriété de MomentCam (ou de toute
									partie de nos actifs) change à la suite d'une fusion, d'une acquisition ou en
									cas de faillite, les informations dont nous disposons, y compris les
									informations vous concernant ou vous concernant, peuvent être transférées à une
									autre société. . Nous pouvons également partager des données anonymisées ou
									agrégées avec nos partenaires et d'autres. Les données anonymisées désignent
									les informations pour lesquelles nous avons supprimé les informations qui vous
									identifient personnellement, telles que votre nom ou vos coordonnées. Les
									données agrégées sont des données qui ont été combinées avec d'autres données
									afin qu'elles n'identifient pas une personne spécifique.
Accès
										et suppression
Nous
									stockons les informations aussi longtemps que nécessaire pour vous fournir des
									services et à d'autres, y compris ceux décrits ci-dessus. Si vous avez un
									compte associé à nos Services, les informations associées à votre compte seront
									conservées jusqu'à ce que votre compte soit supprimé, à moins que nous n'ayons
									plus besoin des données pour fournir des produits et services.
Quelles
									données traitons-nous : lors de la création du compte, nous traitons et
									conservons les informations de base de l'utilisateur telles que votre photo de
									profil, votre surnom et le contenu de votre publication. Lors de la création
									d'avatars, nous ne téléchargeons ni ne stockons - à aucun moment - la photo du
									visage, car notre technologie de création d'avatar fonctionne sur l'appareil,
									hors ligne et en privé.
Comment nous traitons les données : Nous traitons les données
									mentionnées ci-dessus via Google Firebase et Amazon AWS, de la manière suivante
									:
Compagnie
Pays
Article
Gâchette
Rétention
Studios Eurêka
Singapour
1) Informations utilisateur de base :
- Surnom - Photo du profil de l'utilisateur - Identifiants de connexion
2) Publication sur MojiWorld :
- Image
- La description
- Lors de la création d'un compte
- Lors de la publication de contenu sur MojiWorld
- Dans les 7 jours suivant l'annulation du compte.
AmazonAWS
Singapour
1) Informations de base sur l'utilisateur :
- Surnom - Photo du profil de l'utilisateur - Identifiants de connexion
2 ) Publication sur MojiWorld :
- Image
- La description
- Lors de la création d'un compte
- Lors de la publication de contenu sur MojiWorld
- Dans un délai d'un jour après l'annulation du compte chez
												Eureka Studios
Base de feu Google
Localement
- Identifiants de connexion
utilisateur
– Lors de la création du compte
- Dans un délai d'un jour après l'annulation du compte chez
												Eureka Studios
Comment vous pouvez demander la suppression de ces données :
									vous pouvez appuyer sur Annuler le compte dans nos applications sur la page des
									paramètres, ou bien vous pouvez nous contacter à
corporate@mojipop.com
». Vos données
									seront définitivement supprimées dans les 7 jours suivant la demande.
Vous
									pouvez supprimer votre compte à tout moment. Certaines des informations vous
									concernant, ou des informations que vous avez partagées avec d'autres, ne font
									pas partie de votre compte et ne seront donc pas supprimées avec votre compte.
									La suppression de vos informations, telles que les informations stockées dans
									des systèmes de sauvegarde, peut prendre un temps raisonnable. Des copies de
									certains éléments (par exemple, les enregistrements de journaux) peuvent rester
									dans notre base de données, car nous en avons besoin ou les utilisons pour des
									raisons techniques. Lorsque vous supprimez votre compte, ce matériel est
									dissocié des informations qui vous identifient personnellement. Si vous
									souhaitez des informations sur la façon d'accéder ou de supprimer votre compte,
									vous pouvez nous contacter à corporate@mojipop.com.
MojiWorld
Tout
									le contenu disponible dans la section MojiWorld est géré selon les seuls
									critères d'Eureka Studios. Les œuvres peuvent être supprimées, modifiées ou
									promues à la volonté d'Eureka Studios. En règle générale, le contenu sera
									supprimé lorsque : (1) il a été constaté que le contenu viole les droits
									de propriété intellectuelle ; (2) Le contenu ne peut pas être personnalisé
									par d'autres utilisateurs ; (3) Tout autre critère que Eureka Studios
									pourrait juger pertinent ou approprié.
Vous
									accordez à Eureka Studios une licence sous-licenciable perpétuelle,
									irrévocable, non exclusive, libre de droits, mondiale, entièrement payée et
									transférable pour utiliser, reproduire, modifier, adapter, publier, traduire,
									créer des œuvres dérivées, distribuer, exécuter publiquement et afficher votre
									contenu d'utilisateur et tout nom, nom d'utilisateur ou ressemblance fournis en
									relation avec votre contenu d'utilisateur dans tous les formats et canaux de
									médias connus ou développés ultérieurement, sans compensation pour vous.
									Lorsque vous publiez ou partagez autrement du Contenu utilisateur sur ou via
									nos Services, vous comprenez que votre Contenu utilisateur et toute information
									associée (telle que votre [nom d'utilisateur] ou votre photo de création) seront
									visibles par le public.
Vous
									accordez à Eureka Studios le consentement d'utiliser et de gérer le Contenu
									utilisateur, qu'il inclue ou non le nom, l'image, la voix ou la personnalité
									d'un individu, suffisant pour indiquer l'identité de l'individu. En utilisant
									les Services, vous acceptez que le Contenu Utilisateur puisse être utilisé à
									des fins commerciales.
Transferts
										internationaux de données
Quel
									que soit l'endroit où vous utilisez nos Services ou nous fournissez des
									informations, les informations peuvent être transférées et conservées sur des
									serveurs situés dans n'importe quel pays du monde. Notez que les lois,
									réglementations et normes du pays dans lequel ces informations sont stockées
									peuvent être différentes de votre propre pays. En utilisant nos Services, vous
									consentez à cette collecte, transfert, stockage et traitement d'informations
									dans n'importe quel pays. Modifications de cette politique de confidentialité
									Si nous apportons des modifications à cette politique de confidentialité, nous
									fournirons un préavis raisonnable de ces changements, le cas échéant, par
									exemple en vous informant par le biais des services ou en communiquant
									autrement avec vous, et/ou en mettant à jour la « date d'entrée en
									vigueur » en haut de cette politique.
Loi
										californienne sur la protection de la vie privée en ligne
CalOPPA
									est la première loi d'État du pays à exiger que les sites Web commerciaux et
									les services en ligne publient une politique de confidentialité. La portée de
									la loi s'étend bien au-delà de la Californie pour exiger qu'une personne ou une
									entreprise aux États-Unis (et peut-être dans le monde) qui exploite des sites
									Web collectant des informations personnellement identifiables auprès de
									consommateurs californiens affiche une politique de confidentialité visible sur
									son site Web indiquant exactement les informations collectées et celles
									personnes avec lesquelles elles sont partagées et de se conformer à cette
									politique. - Voir plus sur :
									http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf
Selon
										CalOPPA, nous convenons de ce qui suit :
Les
									utilisateurs peuvent visiter notre site de manière anonyme Une fois cette
									politique de confidentialité créée, nous ajouterons un lien vers celle-ci sur
									notre page d'accueil, ou au minimum sur la première page significative après
									avoir accédé à notre site Web. Le lien de notre politique de confidentialité
									inclut le mot « Confidentialité » et peut être facilement trouvé sur
									la page spécifiée ci-dessus.
Les
									utilisateurs seront informés de toute modification de la politique de
									confidentialité : Sur notre page de politique de confidentialité, les
									utilisateurs peuvent modifier leurs informations personnelles : En se
									connectant à leur compte
Comment
									notre site gère-t-il les signaux non suivis ?
Nous
									honorons de ne pas suivre les signaux et de ne pas suivre, installer de cookies
									ou utiliser de la publicité lorsqu'un mécanisme de navigateur Do Not Track
									(DNT) est en place.
Notre
									site permet-il le suivi comportemental de tiers ?
Il est
									également important de noter que nous n'autorisons pas le suivi comportemental
									par des tiers
COPPA
										(Loi sur la protection de la vie privée des enfants en ligne)
En ce
									qui concerne la collecte d'informations personnelles auprès d'enfants de moins
									de 13 ans, la loi COPPA (Children's Online Privacy Protection Act) donne le
									contrôle aux parents. La Federal Trade Commission, l'agence nationale de
									protection des consommateurs, applique la règle COPPA, qui énonce ce que les
									opérateurs de sites Web et de services en ligne doivent faire pour protéger la
									vie privée et la sécurité des enfants en ligne.
Nous
									ne commercialisons pas spécifiquement les enfants de moins de 13 ans.
Pratiques
										équitables en matière d'information
Les
									principes de pratiques équitables en matière d'information constituent l'épine
									dorsale de la législation sur la protection de la vie privée aux États-Unis et
									les concepts qu'ils incluent ont joué un rôle important dans l'élaboration des
									lois sur la protection des données dans le monde entier. Comprendre les
									principes de pratiques équitables en matière d'informations et la manière dont
									ils doivent être mis en œuvre est essentiel pour se conformer aux diverses lois
									sur la confidentialité qui protègent les informations personnelles.
Afin
									d' être en ligne avec les pratiques équitables en matière d'informations, nous
									prendrons les mesures réactives suivantes en cas de violation de données :
Nous
									informerons les utilisateurs via une notification sur le site Dans les 7 jours
									ouvrables Nous acceptons également le principe de recours individuel, qui exige
									que les individus aient le droit d'exercer des droits juridiquement exécutoires
									contre les collecteurs et les processeurs de données qui ne respectent pas la
									loi. Ce principe exige non seulement que les individus aient des droits
									opposables aux utilisateurs de données, mais aussi que les individus aient
									recours aux tribunaux ou à un organisme gouvernemental pour enquêter et/ou
									poursuivre en cas de non-conformité par les processeurs de données.
Cette
									application utilise le SMSSDK de MobTech pour la connexion de l'utilisateur.
									Pour plus d'informations sur le SMSSDK de MobTech et la politique de
									confidentialité de connexion de MojiPop , veuillez cliquer
ICI
.
Nous
									contacter
Si
									vous avez des questions concernant cette politique de confidentialité, vous
									pouvez nous contacter en utilisant les informations ci-dessous.
www.mojipop.com
北京市朝阳区三里屯
SOHO
办公
A
座
11
层
A1123
Sanlitun
									Soho, Building A, A 1123
Beijing, ChinaEmail: corporate@mojipop.comDernière modification le 20 22-10-19
Política de privacidad
Esta
								política de privacidad ha sido compilada para brindar un mejor servicio a
								aquellos que están preocupados por cómo se usa en línea su 'información de
								identificación personal' (PII). La PII, tal como se usa en la ley de privacidad
								y seguridad de la información de EE. UU., es información que se puede usar sola
								o con otra información para identificar, contactar o ubicar a una sola persona,
								o para identificar a una persona en contexto. Lea nuestra política de
								privacidad detenidamente para comprender claramente cómo recopilamos, usamos,
								protegemos o manejamos su información de identificación personal de acuerdo con
								nuestro sitio web.
Información
									que recopilamos o recibimos
Puede
								encontrar a continuación una lista de las autorizaciones que necesitamos para
								proporcionar
Artículo
Descripción
Almacenamiento
Guardando
											temporalmente la imagen del álbum y el archivo de reproducción.
Teléfono
Al
											iniciar sesión con el número de teléfono móvil.
SMS
Introducir
											automáticamente el número de autorización recibido por SMS al iniciar sesión.
Datos
											faciales
No
											se almacenan ni comparten datos faciales con terceros al crear un avatar. Al
											elegir hacer públicos los avatares o hacer una copia de seguridad de los
											avatares en la nube, la cabeza del avatar se almacenará en nuestros
											servidores.
Información
										que proporciona.
Recopilamos el contenido y otra
									información que proporciona cuando utiliza nuestros Servicios, incluida la
									información sobre usted u otros, como la información que proporciona cuando
									crea una cuenta y el contenido que crea o proporciona a través de la Aplicación.
									Cuando hacemos esto, también podemos recopilar información que es parte de las
									cosas que comparte, como la fecha en que se creó un archivo. También
									recopilamos información sobre cómo usa nuestros Servicios, incluidas sus
									interacciones con nuestros Servicios en relación con servicios de terceros o
									integraciones de sitios web, y las personas con las que está conectado o con
									las que se comunica a través de nuestros Servicios. En caso de que los futuros
									productos o características de Eureka Studios incluyan compras, recopilaremos
									información sobre sus compras o transacciones, como información de pago que
									incluye información de su tarjeta de crédito o débito, información de cuenta y
									autenticación, o información de facturación y envío.
Información
										que otros proporcionan.
Recopilamos contenido y otra
									información que otras personas brindan cuando usan nuestros Servicios, incluida
									información sobre usted, como cuando cargan o comparten una foto suya o se
									comunican con usted a través de nuestros Servicios.
Información
									de sitios web o aplicaciones que usan nuestros Servicios. Recopilamos
									información cuando visita o usa sitios web y aplicaciones de terceros que usan
									o se integran con nuestros Servicios (como cuando se integran con nuestra
									Aplicación para permitirle compartir emoji, fotos o videos en su plataforma).
									Esto incluye información sobre los sitios web y las aplicaciones que visita, su
									uso de nuestros Servicios en esos sitios web y aplicaciones, así como la
									información que usted o el desarrollador o editor de la aplicación o el sitio
									web nos proporciona.
Información
										del dispositivo.
Recopilamos información de o sobre los
									dispositivos que utiliza para acceder a nuestros Servicios, como el sistema
									operativo, el identificador y la configuración del dispositivo, y otra
									información a la que permite que accedan nuestros Servicios en su dispositivo,
									incluso a través de los permisos que otorga a nuestros Servicios en tu
									dispositivo. Esto también puede incluir información de ubicación, que puede
									derivarse de información como la dirección IP de su dispositivo o, según el
									dispositivo que use para acceder o usar nuestros Servicios (y cualquier
									configuración aplicable), información sobre la ubicación precisa de su
									dispositivo.
Socios
									de terceros. Podemos recibir información sobre usted de socios externos, que
									podemos combinar con la otra información que recopilamos sobre usted.
Cómo
									usamos la información que tenemos
Usamos
									toda la información que tenemos para ayudarnos a proporcionar y respaldar
									nuestros Servicios. Así es cómo:
Prestar,
									mejorar y desarrollar Servicios. Usamos la información que tenemos para
									proporcionar, mejorar, desarrollar y comprender nuestros Servicios y para
									brindar experiencias, contenido e información personalizados para usted y
									otros, que pueden incluir anuncios en línea u otras formas de mercadeo dentro y
									fuera de nuestros Servicios. Por ejemplo, para que nuestros Servicios funcionen
									bien para usted, ofrecemos herramientas que crean emoji que se asemejan a su
									rostro, que modifican el tamaño y la forma de las características faciales,
									como la nariz o los ojos, o que siguen los movimientos faciales en los videos.
									Para habilitar estos Servicios, usamos la información que tenemos para
									distinguir patrones de formas y formas que componen una imagen digital de una
									cara fija o en movimiento. También podemos usar la información que tenemos para
									analizar los emoji que se seleccionan y cómo las personas comparten imágenes o
									videos, como desde la aplicación a servicios de terceros, o para realizar
									encuestas e investigaciones, probar funciones en desarrollo y analizar la
									información. tenemos que evaluar y mejorar los productos y servicios,
									desarrollar nuevos productos o características y realizar auditorías y
									actividades de resolución de problemas.
Comunicarse
										contigo.
Usamos la información que tenemos, incluida su información de
									contacto, para comunicarnos con usted sobre nuestros Servicios, para enviarle
									comunicaciones de marketing que creemos que le pueden interesar y para
									informarle sobre nuestros productos, servicios, políticas y términos. También
									utilizamos la información que tenemos para responderle cuando se pone en
									contacto con nosotros. Promover la seguridad y la protección. Es importante
									destacar que usamos la información que tenemos para promover la seguridad en
									nuestros Servicios e investigar el uso de nuestros Servicios, incluida
									cualquier actividad sospechosa o posibles violaciones de nuestros términos y
									políticas. Cookies y otras tecnologías. Usamos cookies y otras tecnologías para
									operar, brindar, respaldar y personalizar nuestros Servicios, incluso para
									brindar nuestros Servicios basados en la web, mejorar sus experiencias,
									comprender cómo se usan nuestros Servicios y proteger nuestros Servicios.
									También utilizamos kits de desarrollo de software (SDK) para leer, almacenar y
									acceder a información desde su dispositivo móvil para ayudar a proporcionar
									nuestros Servicios como se describe anteriormente cuando las aplicaciones
									móviles usan o se integran con nuestros Servicios. Si su dispositivo o
									navegador las ofrece, puede modificar su configuración de cookies siguiendo las
									instrucciones proporcionadas por su dispositivo o navegador móvil. Tenga en
									cuenta que si configura su navegador o dispositivo para eliminar, deshabilitar
									o bloquear las cookies u otras tecnologías, es posible que no pueda acceder a
									ciertas partes de los Servicios y que otras partes de nuestros Servicios no
									funcionen correctamente.
Cómo
										se comparte la información
Podemos
									compartir la información que tenemos en las siguientes circunstancias, o en
									otras circunstancias con su permiso.
Cosas
										que compartes.
Puede optar por compartir contenido y otra
									información, o comunicarse de otro modo con otros, a través de nuestros
									Servicios. Cuando lo haga, recuerde que las personas con las que comparte pueden
									optar por compartir la información que compartió con otros.
Cosas
										que otros comparten.
Otras personas pueden usar
									nuestros Servicios para compartir contenido y otra información sobre usted,
									como fotos o videos. Aplicaciones, sitios web u otros servicios de terceros .
									Cuando usa aplicaciones, sitios web u otros servicios de terceros que usan o
									están integrados con nuestros Servicios, pueden recopilar o recibir información
									sobre sus interacciones con ellos en nuestros Servicios, así como lo que
									publica o comparte. Tenga en cuenta que estos servicios no se rigen por esta
									Política de privacidad, y le recomendamos que revise los términos, políticas y
									prácticas de estos terceros, ya que se aplicarán a su acceso y uso de esos
									servicios. Vendedores, proveedores de servicios y otros socios. Podemos
									compartir la información que recopilamos con proveedores, proveedores de
									servicios y otros que trabajan bajo nuestra dirección para ayudarnos a
									respaldar y proporcionar nuestros Servicios a nivel mundial. Por ejemplo, podemos
									usar herramientas de análisis de terceros para ayudarnos a medir el uso de
									nuestros Servicios, o podemos usar proveedores que brindan servicios de
									infraestructura para ayudarnos a proporcionar y mantener los Servicios.
Nuevo
										dueño.
En caso de que la propiedad de MomentCam (o cualquier
									parte de nuestros activos) cambie como resultado de una fusión, adquisición o
									en caso de quiebra, la información que tenemos, incluida la información de
									usted o sobre usted, puede transferirse a otra empresa. . También podemos
									compartir datos no identificados o agregados con nuestros socios y otros. Los
									datos desidentificados significan información donde hemos eliminado información
									que lo identifica personalmente, como su nombre o información de contacto. Los
									datos agregados son datos que se han combinado con otros datos para que no
									identifiquen a una persona específica.
Acceso
										y eliminación
Almacenamos
									información durante el tiempo que sea necesario para brindarle Servicios a
									usted y a otros, incluidos los descritos anteriormente. Si tiene una cuenta
									asociada con nuestros Servicios, la información asociada con su cuenta se
									mantendrá hasta que se elimine su cuenta, a menos que ya no necesitemos los
									datos para proporcionar productos y servicios.
Qué
									datos estamos procesando: al configurar la cuenta, procesamos y mantenemos la
									información básica del usuario, como su foto de perfil, su apodo y el contenido
									de la publicación. Al crear avatares, en ningún momento cargamos ni almacenamos
									la foto de la cara, ya que nuestra tecnología de creación de avatares funciona
									en el dispositivo, sin conexión y de forma privada.
Cómo estamos Procesando los datos: Procesamos los datos
									mencionados anteriormente a través de Google Firebase y Amazon AWS, de la
									siguiente manera:
Compañía
País
Artículo
Generar
Retencion
Estudios Eureka
Singapur
1) Información básica del usuario:
- Apodo - Imagen de perfil de usuario - Credenciales de inicio de sesión
2) Publicación en MojiWorld :
- Imagen
- Descripción
- Al crear una cuenta
- Al publicar contenido en MojiWorld
- Dentro de los 7 días posteriores a la cancelación de la
												cuenta.
AmazonAWS
Singapur
1) Información básica del usuario:
- Apodo - Imagen de perfil de usuario - Credenciales de inicio de sesión
2 ) Publicación en MojiWorld :
- Imagen
- Descripción
- Al crear una cuenta
- Al publicar contenido en MojiWorld
- Dentro de 1 día después de la cancelación de la cuenta en
												Eureka Studios
Base de fuego de Google
En la zona
- Credenciales de inicio de sesión
de usuario
– Al crear la cuenta
- Dentro de 1 día después de la cancelación de la cuenta en
												Eureka Studios
Cómo puede solicitar la eliminación de estos datos: puede tocar
									Cancelar cuenta dentro de nuestras aplicaciones en la página de configuración,
									o alternativamente puede contactarnos en
corporate@mojipop.com
”. Sus datos se eliminarán permanentemente dentro de los 7 días
									posteriores a la solicitud.
Puedes
									eliminar tu cuenta en cualquier momento. Parte de la información sobre usted, o
									la información que ha compartido con otros, no forma parte de su cuenta y, por
									lo tanto, no se eliminará con su cuenta. Puede llevar un tiempo razonable
									eliminar su información, como la información almacenada en sistemas de
									respaldo. Copias de algún material (por ejemplo, registros) pueden permanecer
									en nuestra base de datos, ya que los necesitamos o los usamos por razones
									técnicas. Cuando elimina su cuenta, este material se desvincula de la
									información que lo identifica personalmente. Si desea obtener información sobre
									cómo acceder o eliminar su cuenta, puede contactarnos en corporate@mojipop.com.
mojiworld
Todo
									el contenido disponible en la sección MojiWorld se gestiona a criterio
									exclusivo de Eureka Studios. Las obras pueden ser eliminadas, modificadas o
									promocionadas a voluntad de Eureka Studios. Por lo general, el contenido se
									eliminará cuando: (1) se determine que el contenido viola los derechos de
									propiedad intelectual; (2) el contenido no puede ser personalizado por otros
									usuarios; (3) Cualquier otro criterio que Eureka Studios considere relevante o
									apropiado.
Usted
									otorga a Eureka Studios una licencia sublicenciable perpetua, irrevocable, no
									exclusiva, libre de regalías, mundial, totalmente pagada y transferible para
									usar, reproducir, modificar, adaptar, publicar, traducir, crear trabajos
									derivados, distribuir, ejecutar públicamente y exhibir. su Contenido de usuario
									y cualquier nombre, nombre de usuario o similar proporcionado en relación con
									su Contenido de usuario en todos los formatos de medios y canales ahora
									conocidos o desarrollados posteriormente, sin compensación para usted. Cuando
									publica o comparte Contenido de usuario en o a través de nuestros Servicios,
									comprende que su Contenido de usuario y cualquier información asociada (como su
									[nombre de usuario] o foto de creación) será visible para el público.
Usted
									otorga a Eureka Studios el consentimiento para usar y administrar el Contenido
									del usuario, independientemente de si incluye el nombre, la imagen, la voz o la
									personalidad de una persona, lo suficiente como para indicar la identidad de la
									persona. Al usar los Servicios, usted acepta que el Contenido del usuario se
									puede usar con fines comerciales.
Transferencias
										internacionales de datos
Independientemente
									de dónde utilice nuestros Servicios o nos proporcione información, la
									información puede transferirse y mantenerse en servidores ubicados en cualquier
									país del mundo. Tenga en cuenta que las leyes, reglamentos y normas del país en
									el que se almacena esta información pueden ser diferentes a las de su propio
									país. Al utilizar nuestros Servicios, usted acepta esta recopilación,
									transferencia, almacenamiento y procesamiento de información en cualquier país.
									Cambios a esta Política de privacidad Si realizamos cambios a esta Política de
									privacidad, le proporcionaremos un aviso razonable de dichos cambios según
									corresponda, como proporcionar un aviso a través de los Servicios o
									comunicarnos con usted de otra manera, y / o actualizar la "Fecha de
									vigencia" en la parte superior de esta política.
Ley
										de protección de la privacidad en línea de California
CalOPPA
									es la primera ley estatal del país que exige que los sitios web comerciales y
									los servicios en línea publiquen una política de privacidad. El alcance de la
									ley se extiende mucho más allá de California para exigir que una persona o
									empresa en los Estados Unidos (y posiblemente en el mundo) que opere sitios web
									que recopilan información de identificación personal de los consumidores de
									California, publique una política de privacidad visible en su sitio web que
									indique exactamente la información que se recopila y los personas con quienes
									se comparte, y para cumplir con esta política. - Ver más en:
									http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf
De
										acuerdo con CalOPPA , estamos de acuerdo con lo siguiente:
Los
									usuarios pueden visitar nuestro sitio de forma anónima Una vez que se crea esta
									política de privacidad, agregaremos un enlace en nuestra página de inicio o,
									como mínimo, en la primera página importante después de ingresar a nuestro
									sitio web. El enlace de nuestra Política de privacidad incluye la palabra
									"Privacidad " y se puede encontrar fácilmente en la página
									especificada anteriormente.
Los
									usuarios serán notificados de cualquier cambio en la política de privacidad: En
									nuestra página de Política de privacidad Los usuarios pueden cambiar su
									información personal: Al iniciar sesión en su cuenta
¿Cómo
									maneja nuestro sitio las señales de no rastrear?
Honramos
									no rastrear señales y no rastrear, plantar cookies o usar publicidad cuando se
									implementa un mecanismo de navegador Do Not Track (DNT).
¿Nuestro
									sitio permite el seguimiento del comportamiento de terceros?
También
									es importante tener en cuenta que no permitimos el seguimiento del
									comportamiento de terceros.
COPPA
										(Ley de protección de la privacidad de los niños en línea)
Cuando
									se trata de la recopilación de información personal de niños menores de 13
									años, la Ley de Protección de la Privacidad Infantil en Línea (COPPA, por sus
									siglas en inglés) pone a los padres en control. La Comisión Federal de
									Comercio, la agencia de protección al consumidor de la nación, hace cumplir la
									Regla COPPA, que explica en detalle lo que deben hacer los operadores de sitios
									web y servicios en línea para proteger la privacidad y seguridad de los niños
									en línea.
No
									comercializamos específicamente para niños menores de 13 años.
Prácticas
										justas de información
Los
									Principios de prácticas justas de información forman la columna vertebral de la
									ley de privacidad en los Estados Unidos y los conceptos que incluyen han jugado
									un papel importante en el desarrollo de las leyes de protección de datos en
									todo el mundo. Comprender los Principios de prácticas justas de información y
									cómo deben implementarse es fundamental para cumplir con las diversas leyes de
									privacidad que protegen la información personal.
Para
									estar en línea con las prácticas justas de información, tomaremos las
									siguientes medidas de respuesta, en caso de que ocurra una violación de datos:
Notificaremos
									a los usuarios a través de una notificación en el sitio dentro de los 7 días
									hábiles. También aceptamos el principio de reparación individual, que requiere
									que las personas tengan derecho a ejercer derechos legalmente exigibles contra
									los recopiladores y procesadores de datos que no cumplan con la ley. Este
									principio requiere no solo que las personas tengan derechos exigibles contra
									los usuarios de datos, sino también que las personas puedan recurrir a los
									tribunales o a una agencia gubernamental para investigar y/o enjuiciar el
									incumplimiento por parte de los procesadores de datos.
Esta
									aplicación utiliza SMSSDK de MobTech para el inicio de sesión del usuario. Para
									obtener más información sobre SMSSDK de MobTech y la Política de privacidad de
									inicio de sesión de MojiPop , haga clic
AQUÍ
.
Contáctenos
Si
									tiene alguna pregunta con respecto a esta política de privacidad, puede
									comunicarse con nosotros utilizando la información a continuación.
www.mojipop.com
北京市朝阳区三里屯
SOHO
办公
A
座
11
层
A1123
Sanlitun
									Soho, Building A, A 1123
Beijing, China Correo electrónico: corporate@mojipop.com Última edición el 20 22-10-19
Política de Privacidade
Esta
								política de privacidade foi compilada para melhor atender aqueles que estão
								preocupados com a forma como suas 'Informações de identificação pessoal' (PII)
								estão sendo usadas online. PII, conforme usado na lei de privacidade e
								segurança da informação dos EUA, são informações que podem ser usadas sozinhas
								ou com outras informações para identificar, contatar ou localizar uma única
								pessoa ou para identificar um indivíduo no contexto. Por favor, leia nossa
								política de privacidade com atenção para obter uma compreensão clara de como
								coletamos, usamos, protegemos ou tratamos suas Informações de Identificação
								Pessoal de acordo com nosso site.
Informações
									que coletamos ou recebemos
Você
								pode encontrar abaixo uma lista das autorizações que precisamos para fornecer
Item
Descrição
Armazenar
Salvar
											temporariamente a imagem do álbum e o arquivo de reprodução.
Telefone
Ao
											fazer login usando o número de telefone celular.
SMS
Inserir
											automaticamente o número de autorização recebido via SMS ao fazer login.
Dados
											de rosto
Nenhum
											dado de rosto é armazenado ou compartilhado com terceiros ao criar um avatar.
											Ao optar por tornar os avatares públicos ou fazer backup dos avatares na nuvem,
											a cabeça do avatar será armazenada em nossos servidores.
Informações
										que você fornece.
Coletamos o conteúdo e outras informações
									que você fornece quando usa nossos Serviços, incluindo informações sobre você
									ou outras pessoas, como informações que você fornece ao criar uma conta e
									conteúdo que você cria ou fornece por meio do Aplicativo. Quando fazemos isso,
									também podemos coletar informações que fazem parte das coisas que você
									compartilha, como a data em que um arquivo foi criado. Também coletamos
									informações sobre como você usa nossos Serviços, incluindo suas interações com
									nossos Serviços em conexão com serviços de terceiros ou integrações de sites, e
									as pessoas com as quais você está conectado ou se comunica por meio de nossos
									Serviços. Caso os produtos ou recursos futuros da Eureka Studios incluam
									compras, coletaremos informações sobre suas compras ou transações, como
									informações de pagamento que incluem suas informações de cartão de crédito ou
									débito, informações de conta e autenticação ou informações de cobrança e
									remessa.
Informações
										que outros fornecem.
Coletamos conteúdo e outras
									informações que outras pessoas fornecem quando usam nossos Serviços, incluindo
									informações sobre você, como quando carregam ou compartilham uma foto sua ou se
									comunicam com você por meio de nossos Serviços.
Informações
									de sites ou aplicativos que usam nossos Serviços. Coletamos informações quando
									você visita ou usa sites e aplicativos de terceiros que usam ou se integram aos
									nossos Serviços (como quando eles se integram ao nosso aplicativo para permitir
									que você compartilhe emoji, fotos ou vídeos em sua plataforma). Isso inclui
									informações sobre os sites e aplicativos que você visita, seu uso de nossos
									Serviços nesses sites e aplicativos, bem como informações que você ou o
									desenvolvedor ou editor do aplicativo ou site nos fornece.
Informação
										de dispositivo.
Coletamos informações de ou sobre os
									dispositivos que você usa para acessar nossos Serviços, como sistema
									operacional, identificador e configurações do dispositivo e outras informações
									que você permite que nossos Serviços acessem em seu dispositivo, inclusive por
									meio das permissões que você concede aos nossos Serviços em seu dispositivo.
									Isso também pode incluir informações de localização, que podem ser derivadas de
									informações como o endereço IP do seu dispositivo ou, dependendo do dispositivo
									que você usa para acessar ou usar nossos Serviços (e quaisquer configurações
									aplicáveis), informações sobre a localização exata do seu dispositivo.
Parceiros
									de terceiros. Podemos receber informações sobre você de parceiros
									terceirizados, que podemos combinar com outras informações que coletamos sobre
									você.
Como
									usamos as informações que temos
Usamos
									todas as informações que temos para nos ajudar a fornecer e dar suporte aos
									nossos Serviços. Veja como:
Fornecer,
									melhorar e desenvolver Serviços. Usamos as informações que temos para fornecer,
									melhorar, desenvolver e entender nossos Serviços e fornecer experiências,
									conteúdo e informações personalizadas para você e outras pessoas, que podem
									incluir anúncios online ou outras formas de marketing dentro e fora de nossos
									Serviços. Por exemplo, para que nossos Serviços funcionem bem para você,
									oferecemos ferramentas que criam emojis que se assemelham ao seu rosto, que
									modificam o tamanho e a forma de características faciais, como nariz ou olhos,
									ou que seguem os movimentos faciais em vídeos. Para habilitar esses Serviços,
									usamos as informações que temos para distinguir padrões de forma e forma que
									compõem uma imagem digital de um rosto parado ou em movimento. Também podemos
									usar as informações que temos para analisar os emojis selecionados e como as
									pessoas compartilham imagens ou vídeos, como do aplicativo para serviços de
									terceiros, ou para realizar pesquisas e pesquisas, testar recursos em
									desenvolvimento e analisar as informações temos que avaliar e melhorar produtos
									e serviços, desenvolver novos produtos ou recursos e realizar auditorias e
									atividades de solução de problemas.
Comunicar
										com você.
Usamos as informações que temos, incluindo suas informações de
									contato, para nos comunicarmos com você sobre nossos Serviços, para enviar comunicações
									de marketing nas quais achamos que você possa estar interessado e para
									informá-lo sobre nossos produtos, serviços, políticas e termos. Também usamos
									as informações que temos para responder a você quando você entrar em contato
									conosco. Promover segurança e proteção. É importante ressaltar que usamos as
									informações que temos para promover segurança e proteção em nossos Serviços e
									investigar o uso de nossos Serviços, incluindo qualquer atividade suspeita ou
									possíveis violações de nossos termos e políticas. Cookies e outras tecnologias.
									Usamos cookies e outras tecnologias para operar, fornecer, dar suporte e
									personalizar nossos Serviços, inclusive para fornecer nossos Serviços baseados
									na web, melhorar suas experiências, entender como nossos Serviços são usados e
									proteger nossos Serviços. Também usamos kits de desenvolvimento de software
									(SDKs) para ler, armazenar e acessar informações de seu dispositivo móvel para
									ajudar a fornecer nossos Serviços conforme descrito acima quando aplicativos
									móveis usam ou integram nossos Serviços. Se o seu dispositivo ou navegador os
									oferecer, você pode modificar suas configurações de cookies seguindo as
									instruções fornecidas pelo seu dispositivo ou navegador móvel. Observe que, se
									você configurar seu navegador ou dispositivo para excluir, desativar ou
									bloquear cookies ou outras tecnologias, talvez não consiga acessar certas
									partes dos Serviços e outras partes de nossos Serviços podem não funcionar
									corretamente.
Como
										as informações são compartilhadas
Podemos
									compartilhar as informações que temos nas seguintes circunstâncias ou em outras
									circunstâncias com sua permissão.
Coisas
										que você compartilha.
Você pode optar por
									compartilhar conteúdo e outras informações ou se comunicar com outras pessoas
									por meio de nossos Serviços. Ao fazer isso, lembre-se de que as pessoas com
									quem você compartilha podem optar por compartilhar as informações que você
									compartilhou com outras pessoas.
Coisas
										que outros compartilham.
Outras pessoas podem usar
									nossos Serviços para compartilhar conteúdo e outras informações sobre você,
									como fotos ou vídeos. Aplicativos, sites ou outros serviços de terceiros.
									Quando você usa aplicativos, sites ou outros serviços de terceiros que usam ou
									são integrados aos nossos Serviços, eles podem coletar ou receber informações
									sobre suas interações com eles em nossos Serviços, bem como o que você publica
									ou compartilha. Observe que esses serviços não são regidos por esta Política de
									Privacidade e recomendamos que você revise os termos, políticas e práticas
									desses terceiros, pois eles se aplicarão ao seu acesso e uso desses serviços.
									Fornecedores, prestadores de serviços e outros parceiros. Podemos compartilhar
									as informações que coletamos com fornecedores, prestadores de serviços e outros
									que trabalham em nossa direção para nos ajudar a oferecer suporte e fornecer
									nossos Serviços globalmente. Por exemplo, podemos usar ferramentas de análise
									de terceiros para nos ajudar a medir o uso de nossos Serviços ou podemos usar
									fornecedores que fornecem serviços de infraestrutura para nos ajudar a fornecer
									e manter os Serviços.
Novo
										dono.
No caso de a propriedade da MomentCam (ou qualquer parte
									de nossos ativos) mudar como resultado de uma fusão, aquisição ou em caso de
									falência, as informações que temos, incluindo informações suas ou sobre você,
									podem ser transferidas para outra empresa . Também podemos compartilhar dados
									não identificados ou agregados com nossos parceiros e outros. Dados
									desidentificados significam informações em que removemos informações que o
									identificam pessoalmente, como seu nome ou informações de contato. Dados
									agregados são dados que foram combinados com outros dados para que não
									identifiquem uma pessoa específica.
Acesso
										e exclusão
Armazenamos
									informações pelo tempo necessário para fornecer Serviços a você e a terceiros,
									incluindo os descritos acima. Se você tiver uma conta associada aos nossos
									Serviços, as informações associadas à sua conta serão mantidas até que sua
									conta seja excluída, a menos que não precisemos mais dos dados para fornecer
									produtos e serviços.
Quais
									dados estamos processando: Após a configuração da conta, processamos e mantemos
									informações básicas do usuário, como sua foto de perfil, seu apelido e conteúdo
									de postagem. Ao criar avatares, não carregamos ou armazenamos a foto do rosto
									em nenhum momento, pois nossa tecnologia de criação de avatar funciona no
									dispositivo, offline e de forma privada.
Como estamos Processando os dados: Processamos os dados
									mencionados acima por meio do Google Firebase e Amazon AWS, da seguinte forma:
Companhia
País
Item
Acionar
Retenção
Estúdios Eureka
Cingapura
1) Informações básicas do usuário:
- Apelido - Imagem do perfil do usuário - Credenciais de login
2) Postando no MojiWorld :
- Imagem
- Descrição
- Ao criar conta
– Ao postar conteúdo no MojiWorld
- Dentro de 7 dias após o cancelamento da conta.
Amazon AWS
Cingapura
1) Informações básicas do usuário:
- Apelido - Imagem do perfil do usuário - Credenciais de login
2 ) Publicação no MojiWorld :
- Imagem
- Descrição
- Ao criar conta
– Ao postar conteúdo no MojiWorld
- Dentro de 1 dia após o cancelamento da conta no Eureka
												Studios
Google Firebase
Localmente
- Credenciais de login
do usu
á
rio
– Ao criar a conta
- Dentro de 1 dia após o cancelamento da conta no Eureka
												Studios
Como você pode solicitar a exclusão desses dados: você pode
									tocar em Cancelar conta em nossos aplicativos na página de configurações ou,
									alternativamente, entrar em contato conosco em
corporate@mojipop.com
”. Seus dados
									serão excluídos permanentemente em até 7 dias após a solicitação.
Você
									pode excluir sua conta a qualquer momento. Algumas das informações sobre você,
									ou informações que você compartilhou com outras pessoas, não fazem parte de sua
									conta e, portanto, não serão excluídas com sua conta. Pode levar um tempo
									razoável para excluir suas informações, como informações armazenadas em
									sistemas de backup. Cópias de alguns materiais (por exemplo, registros de log)
									podem permanecer em nosso banco de dados, conforme precisamos ou usamos por
									motivos técnicos. Quando você exclui sua conta, esse material é desassociado
									das informações que o identificam pessoalmente. Se desejar informações sobre
									como acessar ou excluir sua conta, entre em contato conosco pelo e-mail
									corporate@mojipop.com.
MojiWorld
Todo o
									conteúdo disponível na seção MojiWorld é gerenciado a critério exclusivo da
									Eureka Studios. Os trabalhos podem ser excluídos, alterados ou promovidos à
									vontade da Eureka Studios. Normalmente, o conteúdo será excluído quando: (1) o
									conteúdo violar os direitos de PI; (2) O conteúdo não pode ser personalizado
									por outros usuários; (3) Quaisquer outros critérios que a Eureka Studios
									considere relevantes ou apropriados.
licença
									sublicenciável perpétua, irrevogável, não exclusiva, livre de royalties,
									mundial, totalmente paga e transferível para usar, reproduzir, modificar,
									adaptar, publicar, traduzir, criar trabalhos derivados, distribuir, executar e
									exibir publicamente seu Conteúdo de Usuário e qualquer nome, nome de usuário ou
									imagem fornecido em conexão com seu Conteúdo de Usuário em todos os formatos de
									mídia e canais agora conhecidos ou desenvolvidos posteriormente, sem
									compensação para você. Quando você publica ou compartilha Conteúdo do Usuário
									em ou através de nossos Serviços, você entende que seu Conteúdo do Usuário e
									qualquer informação associada (como seu [nome de usuário] ou foto de criação)
									ficará visível ao público.
Você
									concede o consentimento da Eureka Studios para usar e gerenciar o Conteúdo do
									Usuário, independentemente de incluir o nome, imagem, voz ou personalidade de
									um indivíduo, suficiente para indicar a identidade do indivíduo. Ao usar os
									Serviços, você concorda que o Conteúdo do Usuário pode ser usado para fins
									comerciais.
Transferências
										internacionais de dados
Independentemente
									de onde você usa nossos Serviços ou nos fornece informações, as informações
									podem ser transferidas e mantidas em servidores localizados em qualquer país do
									mundo. Observe que as leis, regulamentos e padrões do país em que essas
									informações são armazenadas podem ser diferentes do seu próprio país. Ao usar
									nossos Serviços, você concorda com essa coleta, transferência, armazenamento e
									processamento de informações em qualquer país. Alterações a esta Política de
									Privacidade Se fizermos alterações a esta Política de Privacidade, forneceremos
									um aviso razoável de tais alterações conforme apropriado, como notificação por
									meio dos Serviços ou comunicação com você e/ou atualização da "Data de
									Vigência" na parte superior desta política.
Lei
										de Proteção de Privacidade Online da Califórnia
CalOPPA
									é a primeira lei estadual do país a exigir que sites comerciais e serviços
									online publiquem uma política de privacidade. O alcance da lei vai muito além
									da Califórnia para exigir que uma pessoa ou empresa nos Estados Unidos (e
									possivelmente no mundo) que opere sites que coletam informações de
									identificação pessoal de consumidores da Califórnia publique uma política de
									privacidade conspícua em seu site informando exatamente as informações que
									estão sendo coletadas e quais indivíduos com quem está sendo compartilhado e
									para cumprir esta política. - Veja mais em:
									http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf
De
										acordo com CalOPPA , concordamos com o seguinte:
Os
									usuários podem visitar nosso site anonimamente Uma vez que esta política de
									privacidade seja criada, adicionaremos um link para ela em nossa página inicial
									ou, no mínimo, na primeira página significativa após entrar em nosso site.
									Nosso link de Política de Privacidade inclui a palavra 'Privacidade ', e pode
									ser facilmente encontrado na página especificada acima.
Os
									usuários serão notificados de quaisquer alterações na política de privacidade:
									Em nossa página de política de privacidade, os usuários podem alterar suas
									informações pessoais: Ao fazer login em sua conta
Como o
									nosso site lida com sinais de não rastreia?
Honramos
									não rastrear sinais e não rastrear, plantar cookies ou usar publicidade quando
									um mecanismo de navegador Do Not Track (DNT) estiver em vigor.
Nosso
									site permite rastreamento comportamental de terceiros?
Também
									é importante observar que não permitimos rastreamento comportamental de
									terceiros
COPPA
										(Lei de Proteção à Privacidade Online para Crianças)
Quando
									se trata da coleta de informações pessoais de crianças menores de 13 anos, a
									Lei de Proteção à Privacidade Online das Crianças (COPPA) coloca os pais no
									controle. A Federal Trade Commission, a agência de proteção ao consumidor do
									país, aplica a regra COPPA, que define o que os operadores de sites e serviços
									online devem fazer para proteger a privacidade e a segurança das crianças
									online.
Não
									comercializamos especificamente para crianças menores de 13 anos.
Práticas
										de informações justas
Os
									Princípios de Práticas de Informação Justa formam a espinha dorsal da lei de
									privacidade nos Estados Unidos e os conceitos que eles incluem desempenharam um
									papel significativo no desenvolvimento de leis de proteção de dados em todo o
									mundo. Compreender os Princípios da Prática de Informação Justa e como eles
									devem ser implementados é fundamental para cumprir as várias leis de
									privacidade que protegem as informações pessoais.
Para
									estar de acordo com as Práticas de Informações Justas, tomaremos as seguintes
									medidas de resposta, caso ocorra uma violação de dados:
Notificaremos
									os usuários por meio de notificação no site Dentro de 7 dias úteis Também
									concordamos com o princípio de reparação individual, que exige que os
									indivíduos tenham o direito de buscar direitos legais contra coletores e
									processadores de dados que não cumpram a lei. Este princípio exige não apenas
									que os indivíduos tenham direitos aplicáveis contra os usuários de dados, mas
									também que os indivíduos recorram aos tribunais ou a uma agência governamental
									para investigar e/ou processar a não conformidade por parte dos processadores
									de dados.
Este
									aplicativo usa SMSSDK da MobTech para login do usuário. Para obter mais
									informações sobre o SMSSDK da MobTech e a Política de Privacidade de Login da
									MojiPop , clique
AQUI
.
Entrando
									em contato conosco
Se
									houver alguma dúvida sobre esta política de privacidade, você pode entrar em
									contato conosco usando as informações abaixo.
www.mojipop.com
北京市朝阳区三里屯
SOHO
办公
A
座
11
层
A1123
Sanlitun
									Soho, Building A, A 1123
Beijing, ChinaEmail: corporate@mojipop.comÚltima edição em 20 22-10-19
プライバシーポリシー
このプライバシー
								ポリシーは、「個人を特定できる情報」(PII) がオンラインでどのように使用されているかを懸念しているユーザーにより役立つようにまとめられています。米国のプライバシー法および情報セキュリティで使用される
								PII は、単独で、または他の情報と共に使用して、1 人の人物を特定、連絡、または特定するか、コンテキスト内で個人を特定するために使用できる情報です。当社のプライバシーポリシーをよくお読みになり、当社のウェブサイトに従ってお客様の個人を特定できる情報を収集、使用、保護、またはその他の方法で処理する方法を明確に理解してください。
当社が収集または受け取る情報
提供するために必要な承認のリストを以下に示します。
アイテム
説明
保管所
アルバム画像と再生ファイルを一時的に保存します。
電話
携帯電話番号でログインする場合。
SMS
ログイン時にSMSで受信した認証番号を自動入力。
顔データ
アバターの作成時に、顔データが保存されたり、第三者と共有されたりすることはありません。アバターを公開するか、アバターをクラウドにバックアップすることを選択すると、アバターの頭がサーバーに保存されます。
お客様が提供する情報。
当社は、お客様が当社のサービスを使用する際に提供するコンテンツおよびその他の情報を収集します。これには、お客様がアカウントを作成するときに提供する情報や、アプリを通じて作成または提供するコンテンツなど、お客様自身または他者に関する情報が含まれます。これを行う際、ファイルの作成日など、お客様が共有するものの一部である情報も収集する場合があります。また、サードパーティのサービスまたはウェブサイトの統合に関連するサービスとのやり取り、およびサービスを通じて接続または通信している人々を含む、サービスの使用方法に関する情報も収集します。
									Eureka Studios の将来の製品または機能に購入が含まれる場合、当社は、クレジット カードまたはデビット カード情報を含む支払い情報、アカウントおよび認証情報、請求および発送情報など、購入または取引に関する情報を収集します。
他の人が提供する情報。
当社は、他の人が当社のサービスを使用するときに提供するコンテンツやその他の情報を収集します。これには、他の人があなたの写真をアップロードまたは共有するとき、または当社のサービスを通じてあなたと通信するときなど、あなたに関する情報が含まれます。
当社のサービスを使用するウェブサイトまたはアプリからの情報。当社のサービスを使用または統合するサードパーティのウェブサイトおよびアプリにアクセスしたり使用したりすると、当社は情報を収集します
									(たとえば、それらが当社のアプリと統合して、プラットフォームで絵文字、写真、またはビデオを共有できるようにする場合など)。これには、お客様がアクセスするウェブサイトやアプリに関する情報、それらのウェブサイトやアプリでの当社のサービスの使用に関する情報、およびお客様やアプリやウェブサイトの開発者または発行者が当社に提供する情報が含まれます。
デバイス情報。
当社は、お客様が当社のサービスにアクセスするために使用するデバイスから、またはデバイスに関する情報を収集します。これには、オペレーティング
									システム、デバイスの識別子と設定、およびお客様がデバイス上で当社のサービスにアクセスを許可するその他の情報が含まれます。あなたのデバイス。これには、デバイスの
									IP アドレスなどの情報から導出される位置情報、またはデバイスの正確な位置に関する情報 (および該当する設定) にアクセスまたは使用するために使用するデバイスに応じて、位置情報も含まれる場合があります。
サードパーティのパートナー。当社は、第三者のパートナーからお客様に関する情報を受け取る場合があり、お客様に関して収集した他の情報と組み合わせる場合があります。
私たちが持っている情報の使用方法
、当社のサービスを提供およびサポートするために必要なすべての情報を使用します。方法は次のとおりです。
の提供、改善、開発。当社は、当社のサービスを提供、改善、開発、および理解するために、またオンライン広告または当社のサービスの内外でのマーケティングの他の形態を含む、お客様や他の人にパーソナライズされた体験、コンテンツ、および情報を提供するために、当社が持っている情報を使用します。たとえば、当社のサービスが適切に機能するように、顔に似た絵文字を作成したり、鼻や目などの顔の特徴のサイズや形状を変更したり、ビデオで顔の動きを追跡したりするツールを提供しています。これらのサービスを有効にするために、私たちは、静止した顔または動いている顔のデジタル画像を構成する形と形のパターンを区別するために必要な情報を使用します。また、選択された絵文字や、ユーザーがアプリからサードパーティ
									サービスなどに画像や動画を共有する方法を分析したり、調査や研究を実施したり、開発中の機能をテストしたり、情報を分析したりするために、保有する情報を使用する場合があります。製品やサービスを評価して改善し、新しい製品や機能を開発し、監査やトラブルシューティング活動を実施する必要があります。
あなたと通信します。当社は、お客様の連絡先情報を含む情報を使用して、当社のサービスについてお客様に連絡したり、お客様が関心を持っていると思われるマーケティング
										コミュニケーションを送信したり、その他の方法で当社の製品、サービス、
ポリシー、条件についてお知らせしたりします。また、お客様が当社に連絡した際に、お客様に応答するために必要な情報を使用します。安心・安全を推進します。重要なことは、当社が保有する情報を使用して、サービスの安全性とセキュリティを促進し、サービスの使用を調査することです。これには、不審な活動や利用規約やポリシーへの違反の可能性なども含まれます。クッキーおよびその他の技術。当社は、Web
									ベースのサービスの提供、お客様のエクスペリエンスの向上、当社のサービスの使用方法の理解、および当社のサービスの保護を含む、当社のサービスの運用、提供、サポート、およびカスタマイズのために
									Cookie およびその他の技術を使用します。また、モバイルアプリが当社のサービスを使用または統合する際に、上記のように当社のサービスを提供するために、ソフトウェア開発キット
									(SDK) を使用してお客様のモバイル デバイスから情報を読み取り、保存し、アクセスします。お使いのデバイスまたはブラウザで Cookie が提供されている場合、デバイスまたはモバイル
									ブラウザの指示に従って、Cookie の設定を変更できます。 Cookie やその他の技術を削除、無効化、またはブロックするようにブラウザまたはデバイスを設定すると、サービスの特定の部分にアクセスできなくなったり、サービスの他の部分が適切に機能しなくなったりする可能性があることに注意してください。
情報の共有方法
当社は、以下の状況、またはお客様の許可を得たその他の状況で、当社が保有する情報を共有する場合があります。
あなたが共有するもの。
お客様は、当社のサービスを通じて、コンテンツやその他の情報を共有したり、他のユーザーと通信したりすることを選択できます。その際、あなたが共有した相手が、あなたが他の人と共有した情報を共有することを選択する可能性があることを覚えておいてください。
他の人が共有するもの。
他の人が当社のサービスを使用して、写真やビデオなどのコンテンツやその他の情報を共有する場合があります。サードパーティのアプリ、ウェブサイト、またはその他のサービス。当社のサービスを使用する、または当社のサービスと統合されているサードパーティのアプリ、ウェブサイト、またはその他のサービスを使用する場合、これらのサービスは、お客様が投稿または共有した内容だけでなく、当社のサービスでのそれらとのやり取りに関する情報を収集または受信する場合があります。これらのサービスは、このプライバシー
									ポリシーによって管理されないことに注意してください。これらのサービスへのアクセスと使用に適用されるこれらのサード パーティの条件、ポリシー、慣行を確認することをお勧めします。ベンダー、サービス
									プロバイダー、およびその他のパートナー。当社は、収集した情報をベンダー、サービス プロバイダー、および当社の方向性に基づいて当社のサービスをグローバルにサポートおよび提供するのに役立つその他の業者と共有する場合があります。たとえば、サードパーティの分析ツールを使用してサービスの使用状況を測定したり、インフラストラクチャ
									サービスを提供するベンダーを使用してサービスを提供および維持したりする場合があります。
新しい所有者。
合併、買収、または破産の結果としてMomentCam
									(または当社の資産の一部)の所有権が変更された場合、お客様からの情報またはお客様に関する情報を含む、当社が保有する情報が別の会社に譲渡される場合があります。
									.また、匿名化されたデータまたは集計データをパートナーや他のユーザーと共有する場合があります。匿名化されたデータとは、名前や連絡先情報など、個人を特定する情報を削除した情報を意味します。集計データとは、特定の個人を特定しないように他のデータと組み合わせたデータです。
アクセスと削除
当社は、上記のサービスを含め、お客様および他のユーザーにサービスを提供するために必要な限り、情報を保存します。当社のサービスに関連付けられたアカウントをお持ちの場合、アカウントに関連付けられた情報は、製品やサービスを提供するためにデータが必要でなくなった場合を除き、アカウントが削除されるまで保持されます。
処理するデータ:
									アカウントの設定時に、プロフィール写真、ニックネーム、投稿内容などの基本的なユーザー情報を処理し、保持します。当社のアバター作成技術は、デバイス上、オフライン、および非公開で機能するため、アバターを作成する際、顔写真をアップロードまたは保存することは決してありません。
データの処理方法: 上記のデータは、Google
									Firebase と Amazon AWS を介して次の方法で処理されます。
会社
国
アイテム
引き金
保持
エウレカ スタジオズ
シンガポール
1) 基本的なユーザー情報:
- ニックネーム - ユーザー プロフィールの写真 - ログイン資格情報
2) MojiWorldへの投稿:
- 画像
- 説明
- アカウントを作成するとき-
モジワールドにコンテンツを投稿するとき
- 口座解約後7日以内。
アマゾン AWS
シンガポール
1) 基本的なユーザー情報:
- ニックネーム - ユーザー プロフィールの写真 - ログイン資格情報
2 ) MojiWorldへの投稿:
- 画像
- 説明
- アカウントを作成するとき-
モジワールドにコンテンツを投稿するとき
- Eureka Studios でのアカウントのキャンセル後、1
												日以内
Google Firebase
ローカルに
-
ユーザー
のログイン資格情報
– アカウント作成時
- Eureka Studios でのアカウントのキャンセル後、1
												日以内
このデータの削除を要求する方法:
									アプリ内の設定ページで [アカウントをキャンセル] をタップするか、
corporate @mojipop.com までご連絡ください
。お客様のデータは、リクエスト後 7 日以内に完全に削除されます。
アカウントはいつでも削除できます。あなたに関する情報、またはあなたが他の人と共有した情報の一部は、あなたのアカウントの一部ではないため、あなたのアカウントと共に削除されることはありません.バックアップ
									システムに保存されている情報など、お客様の情報を削除するには、妥当な時間がかかる場合があります。一部の資料 (ログ記録など) のコピーは、技術的な理由で必要または使用するため、データベースに残る場合があります。アカウントを削除すると、この資料は個人を特定する情報から切り離されます。アカウントへのアクセスまたはアカウントの削除方法に関する情報が必要な場合は、corporate@mojipop.com
									までご連絡ください。
モジワールド
MojiWorldセクションで利用可能なすべてのコンテンツは、Eureka
									Studios の唯一の基準で管理されています。作品は、Eureka Studios の意思で削除、変更、または宣伝される場合があります。通常、コンテンツは次の場合に削除されます。(1)
									コンテンツが知的財産権を侵害していることが判明した場合。 (2) 他のユーザーがコンテンツをパーソナライズすることはできません。 (3) Eureka
									Studios が関連または適切と判断するその他の基準。
あなたは
									Eureka Studios に、使用、複製、変更、翻案、公開、翻訳、派生物の作成、配布、公の場での実演、および表示を行うための、永続的、取消不能、非独占的、ロイヤルティ
									フリー、世界規模、全額支払い済み、譲渡可能なサブライセンス可能なライセンスを付与します。ユーザー コンテンツ、およびユーザー コンテンツに関連して現在知られている、または今後開発されるすべてのメディア形式およびチャネルで提供される名前、ユーザー名、または肖像を、ユーザーに補償することなく提供します。当社のサービス上またはサービスを通じてユーザー
									コンテンツを投稿またはその他の方法で共有する場合、ユーザーは、ユーザー コンテンツおよび関連する情報 ([ユーザー名] や作成写真など) が一般に公開されることを理解するものとします。
個人の身元を示すのに十分な、個人の名前、肖像、声またはペルソナが含まれているかどうかに関係なく、ユーザー
									コンテンツを使用および管理することに Eureka Studios に同意するものとします。サービスを使用することにより、ユーザー コンテンツが商業目的で使用される可能性があることに同意するものとします。
国際データ転送
お客様が当社のサービスを使用する場所または当社に情報を提供する場所に関係なく、情報は世界中の任意の国にあるサーバーに転送され、保持される場合があります。この情報が保存されている国の法律、規制、基準は、お客様の国とは異なる場合があることに注意してください。当社のサービスを使用することにより、お客様は、どの国でも情報の収集、転送、保存、および処理に同意したことになります。このプライバシー
									ポリシーの変更 当社がこのプライバシー ポリシーを変更する場合、当社は、サービスを通じて通知を提供するか、その他の方法でお客様と通信する、および/または上部の「発効日」を更新するなど、必要に応じてそのような変更について合理的な通知を行います。このポリシーの。
カリフォルニア州オンライン
										プライバシー保護法
CalOPPAは、商用
									Web サイトやオンライン サービスにプライバシー ポリシーの掲載を義務付けた、国内で初めての州法です。この法律の適用範囲はカリフォルニア州をはるかに超えており、カリフォルニア州の消費者から個人を特定できる情報を収集する
									Web サイトを運営する米国 (およびおそらく世界中) の個人または企業に対して、収集される情報とそれらの情報を正確に記載した目立つプライバシー ポリシーを
									Web サイトに掲載することを義務付けています。それが共有されている個人、およびこのポリシーを遵守すること。 - 詳細はこちら:
									http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf
CalOPPAによると、以下に同意します。
ユーザーは匿名で当社のサイトにアクセスできます
									このプライバシー ポリシーが作成されると、当社のホームページ、または少なくとも当社の Web サイトに入った後の最初の重要なページに、そのポリシーへのリンクが追加されます。当社のプライバシー
									ポリシーのリンクには「プライバシー」という単語が含まれており、上記のページで簡単に見つけることができます。
ユーザーは、プライバシー
									ポリシーの変更を通知されます。プライバシー ポリシー ページで、ユーザーは自分の個人情報を変更できます。自分のアカウントにログインすることによって
私たちのサイトはどのように信号を追跡しませんか?
Do
									Not Track (DNT) ブラウザ メカニズムが導入されている場合は、シグナルを追跡せず、Cookie を設定したり、広告を使用したりしないことを尊重します。
私たちのサイトは第三者の行動追跡を許可していますか?
また、サードパーティの行動追跡を許可していないことにも注意してください。
COPPA（児童オンラインプライバシー保護法）
13 歳未満の子供からの個人情報の収集に関しては、児童オンライン
									プライバシー保護法 (COPPA) により保護者が管理できます。米国の消費者保護機関である連邦取引委員会は、COPPA 規則を施行しています。これは、ウェブサイトやオンライン
									サービスの運営者がオンラインで子供のプライバシーと安全を保護するために何をしなければならないかを規定しています。
13 歳未満の子供向けのマーケティングは特に行っていません。
公正な情報慣行
Fair
									Information Practices Principles は、米国のプライバシー法のバックボーンを形成し、そこに含まれる概念は、世界中のデータ保護法の発展に重要な役割を果たしてきました。
									Fair Information Practice Principles とその実施方法を理解することは、個人情報を保護するさまざまなプライバシー法に準拠するために重要です。
ために、データ侵害が発生した場合、次の対応措置を講じます。
7営業日以内にサイト内通知でユーザーに通知します
									また、法律を遵守しないデータコレクターおよびプロセッサーに対して法的に強制可能な権利を個人が追求する権利を有することを要求する個人救済の原則にも同意します。この原則は、個人がデータ
									ユーザーに対して執行可能な権利を有することだけでなく、個人が裁判所または政府機関に頼って、データ処理者による違反を調査および/または起訴することも必要とします。
このアプリは、ユーザーのログインにMobTech
									のSMSSDK を使用します。 MobTech の
SMSSDK
およびMojiPop
									のログイン プライバシー ポリシーの詳細については、ここをクリックしてください。
お問い合わせ
ポリシーに関してご質問がある場合は、以下の情報を使用してご連絡ください。
www.mojipop.com
北京市朝阳区三里屯
SOHO
办公
A
座
11層
A1123
Sanlitun
									Soho, Building A, A 1123
Beijing, China電子メール: Corporate@mojipop.com最終編集日 20 22-10-19
개인 정보 정책
이 개인
								정보 보호 정책은 '개인 식별 정보'(PII)가 온라인에서 사용되는 방식에 대해 우려하는 사람들에게 더 나은 서비스를 제공하기 위해 작성되었습니다.
								미국 개인정보 보호법 및 정보 보안에서 사용되는 PII는 단독으로 또는 다른 정보와 함께 사용하여 한 사람을 식별, 연락 또는 위치를 파악하거나
								맥락에서 개인을 식별하는 데 사용할 수 있는 정보입니다. 당사 웹사이트에 따라 귀하의 개인 식별 정보를 수집, 사용, 보호 또는 처리하는 방법을
								명확하게 이해하려면 개인 정보 보호 정책을 주의 깊게 읽으십시오.
당사가
									수집하거나 수신하는 정보
제공 하기
								위해 필요한 승인 목록은 아래에서 찾을 수 있습니다.
안건
설명
저장
앨범 이미지 및 재생 파일을 임시로 저장합니다.
핸드폰
휴대폰 번호로 로그인 시.
SMS
SMS로 받은 인증번호는 로그인 시 자동으로 입력됩니다.
얼굴 데이터
아바타를 만들 때 얼굴 데이터는 저장되거나 제3자와 공유되지 않습니다. 아바타를 공개하거나 클라우드에 아바타를 백업하도록
											선택하면 아바타 머리가 당사 서버에 저장됩니다.
귀하가
										제공하는 정보.
당사는 귀하가 계정을 생성할 때 제공한 정보 및 앱을 통해 생성하거나 제공하는 콘텐츠와 같이 귀하 또는 타인에 대한
									정보를 포함하여 귀하가 당사 서비스를 사용할 때 제공한 콘텐츠 및 기타 정보를 수집합니다. 이를 수행할 때 파일 생성 날짜와 같이 귀하가 공유하는
									정보의 일부인 정보도 수집할 수 있습니다. 당사는 또한 제3자 서비스 또는 웹사이트 통합과 관련하여 당사 서비스와의 상호 작용, 귀하가 당사 서비스를
									통해 연결되거나 통신하는 사람들을 포함하여 귀하가 당사 서비스를 사용하는 방법에 대한 정보를 수집합니다. Eureka Studios의 향후 제품
									또는 기능에 구매가 포함되는 경우 신용 카드 또는 직불 카드 정보가 포함된 결제 정보, 계정 및 인증 정보, 청구 및 배송 정보와 같은 구매 또는
									거래에 대한 정보를 수집합니다.
다른
										사람들이 제공하는 정보. 당사는 다른 사람들
이 귀하의 사진을 업로드 또는 공유하거나 당사 서비스를
									통해 귀하와 통신할 때와 같이 귀하에 대한 정보를 포함하여 다른 사람들이 당사 서비스를 사용할 때 제공하는 콘텐츠 및 기타 정보를 수집합니다
									.
당사 서비스를
									사용하는 웹사이트 또는 앱의 정보. 당사는 귀하가 당사 서비스를 사용하거나 통합하는 제3자 웹사이트 및 앱을 방문하거나 사용할 때 정보를 수집합니다(예:
									해당 플랫폼에서 이모티콘, 사진 또는 비디오를 공유할 수 있도록 당사 앱과 통합하는 경우). 여기에는 귀하가 방문하는 웹사이트 및 앱, 해당 웹사이트
									및 앱에서 당사 서비스 사용에 대한 정보, 귀하 또는 앱 또는 웹사이트의 개발자 또는 게시자가 당사에 제공하는 정보가 포함됩니다.
장치
										정보.
당사는 운영 체제, 장치 식별자 및 설정과 같이 귀하가 당사 서비스에 액세스하는 데 사용하는 장치에서 또는 귀하가 당사
									서비스에 부여한 권한을 통해 귀하가 당사 서비스가 귀하의 장치에서 액세스하도록 허용한 기타 정보를 수집합니다. 당신의 장치. 여기에는 장치의
									IP 주소와 같은 정보에서 파생될 수 있는 위치 정보가 포함될 수 있으며, 또는 귀하가 당사 서비스(및 해당 설정)에 액세스하거나 사용하는 데
									사용하는 장치에 따라 장치의 정확한 위치에 대한 정보가 포함될 수 있습니다.
타사 파트너.
									당사는 제3자 파트너로부터 귀하에 관한 정보를 수신할 수 있으며, 이는 당사가 귀하에 대해 수집한 다른 정보와 결합할 수 있습니다.
우리가 가지고
									있는 정보를 사용하는 방법
우리는 서비스를
									제공하고 지원하는 데 도움이 되는 모든 정보를 사용합니다. 방법은 다음과 같습니다.
제공, 개선
									및 개발합니다. 당사는 당사 서비스 를 제공, 개선, 개발 및 이해하고 귀하와 타인을 위해 개인화된 경험, 콘텐츠 및 정보를 제공하기 위해 필요한
									정보를 사용합니다. 여기에는 당사 서비스 안팎의 온라인 광고 또는 기타 형태의 마케팅이 포함될 수 있습니다. 예를 들어, 당사 서비스가 귀하에게
									적합하도록 당사는 귀하의 얼굴과 유사한 이모티콘을 생성하거나, 코 또는 눈과 같은 얼굴 특징의 크기 및 모양을 수정하거나, 비디오에서 얼굴 움직임을
									따라가는 도구를 제공합니다. 이러한 서비스 를 가능하게 하기 위해 당사는 정지 또는 움직이는 얼굴의 디지털 이미지를 구성하는 모양 및 형태의 패턴을
									구별하는 데 필요한 정보를 사용합니다. 우리는 또한 선택한 이모티콘과 사람들이 앱에서 타사 서비스로 이미지 또는 비디오를 공유하는 방식을 분석하거나
									설문 조사 및 연구를 수행하고 개발 중인 기능을 테스트하고 정보를 분석하기 위해 필요한 정보를 사용할 수 있습니다. 우리 는 제품과 서비스를 평가
									및 개선하고, 새로운 제품이나 기능을 개발하고, 감사 및 문제 해결 활동을 수행해야 합니다.
당신과
										의사 소통합니다.
당사는 귀하의 연락처 정보를 포함하여 당사가 보유하고 있는 정보를 사용하여 당사 서비스에 대해 귀하와 소통하고, 귀하가
									관심을 가질 수 있다고 생각되는 마케팅 커뮤니케이션을 전송하고, 그렇지 않으면 당사 제품, 서비스, 정책 및 조건에 대해 알려줍니다. 또한 귀하가
									당사에 연락할 때 응답 해야 하는 정보를 사용합니다 . 안전과 보안을 증진합니다. 중요하게도, 우리는 의심스러운 활동이나 약관 및 정책의 위반
									가능성을 포함하여 서비스의 안전과 보안을 증진하고 서비스 사용을 조사하기 위해 필요한 정보를 사용합니다. 쿠키 및 기타 기술. 당사는 쿠키 및
									기타 기술을 사용 하여 당사의 웹 기반 서비스를 제공하고, 귀하의 경험을 개선하고, 당사 서비스가 사용되는 방식을 이해하고, 당사 서비스를 보호하는
									것을 포함하여 당사 서비스 를 운영, 제공, 지원 및 맞춤화합니다. 또한 당사는 모바일 앱이 당사 서비스를 사용하거나 통합할 때 위에서 설명한
									대로 당사 서비스를 제공하는 데 도움이 되도록 귀하의 모바일 장치에서 정보를 읽고, 저장하고, 액세스하기 위해 소프트웨어 개발 키트(SDK)를
									사용합니다. 장치 또는 브라우저에서 쿠키를 제공하는 경우 장치 또는 모바일 브라우저에서 제공하는 지침에 따라 쿠키 설정을 수정할 수 있습니다.
									쿠키 또는 기타 기술을 삭제, 비활성화 또는 차단하도록 브라우저 또는 장치를 설정하면 서비스의 특정 부분에 액세스하지 못할 수 있으며 서비스의
									다른 부분이 제대로 작동하지 않을 수 있습니다.
정보
										공유 방법
당사는 다음
									상황 또는 기타 상황에서 귀하의 허가를 받아 보유한 정보를 공유할 수 있습니다.
당신이
										공유하는 것들.
귀하는 당사 서비스를 통해 콘텐츠 및 기타 정보를 공유하거나 다른 사람과 통신할 수 있습니다. 그렇게 할 때, 당신이
									공유하는 사람들이 당신이 다른 사람들과 공유한 정보를 공유하도록 선택할 수 있음을 기억하십시오.
다른
										사람들이 공유하는 것들.
다른 사람들은 당사 서비스를 사용하여 사진이나 동영상과 같은 귀하에 대한
									콘텐츠 및 기타 정보를 공유할 수 있습니다. 타사 앱, 웹사이트 또는 기타 서비스. 귀하가 당사 서비스를 사용하거나 통합하는 제3자 앱, 웹사이트
									또는 기타 서비스를 사용하는 경우 해당 서비스는 귀하가 게시하거나 공유하는 내용뿐만 아니라 당사 서비스에서 귀하와 이들과의 상호작용에 대한 정보를
									수집하거나 수신할 수 있습니다. 이러한 서비스는 이 개인정보 보호정책의 적용을 받지 않으며 이러한 서비스 의 액세스 및 사용에 적용되므로 이러한
									제3자의 약관, 정책 및 관행을 검토할 것을 권장합니다. 공급업체, 서비스 제공업체 및 기타 파트너. 당사는 수집한 정보를 공급업체, 서비스 제공업체
									및 당사의 지시에 따라 전 세계적으로 당사의 서비스를 지원하고 제공하는 데 도움이 되는 다른 사람들과 공유할 수 있습니다. 예를 들어, 당사는
									서비스 사용을 측정하는 데 도움이 되는 제3자 분석 도구를 사용하거나 서비스 제공 및 유지 관리를 돕기 위해 인프라 서비스를 제공하는 공급업체를
									사용할 수 있습니다.
새
										소유자입니다.
MomentCam (또는 당사 자산의 일부 ) 의 소유권이 합병, 인수의 결과로 변경되거나 파산의 경우 귀하로부터
									또는 귀하에 관한 정보를 포함하여 당사가 보유한 정보가 다른 회사로 이전될 수 있습니다 . 우리는 또한 비식별화되거나 집계된 데이터를 파트너 및
									다른 사람들과 공유할 수 있습니다. 비식별화된 데이터는 귀하의 이름이나 연락처 정보와 같이 귀하를 개인적으로 식별하는 정보를 제거한 정보를 의미합니다.
									집계 데이터는 특정 개인을 식별하지 않도록 다른 데이터와 결합된 데이터입니다.
접근
										및 삭제
당사는 위에
									설명된 것을 포함하여 귀하 및 타인에게 서비스를 제공하는 데 필요한 기간 동안 정보를 저장합니다. 당사 서비스와 연결된 계정이 있는 경우 제품
									및 서비스를 제공하는 데 데이터가 더 이상 필요하지 않은 경우를 제외하고 계정과 연결된 정보는 계정이 삭제될 때까지 유지됩니다.
처리하는
									데이터: 계정이 설정되면 프로필 사진, 닉네임 및 게시물 콘텐츠와 같은 기본 사용자 정보를 처리하고 유지합니다. 아바타 생성 기술은 기기, 오프라인
									및 비공개로 작동하므로 아바타 생성 시 얼굴 사진을 업로드하거나 저장하지 않습니다.
데이터 처리 방법:
									Google Firebase 및 Amazon AWS를 통해 위에서 언급한 데이터를 다음과 같은 방식으로 처리합니다.
회사
국가
안건
방아쇠
보유
유레카 스튜디오
싱가포르
1) 기본 사용자 정보:
- 닉네임- 사용자 프로필 사진- 로그인 자격 증명
2) 모지월드 에 게시 :
- 이미지
- 설명
- 계정 생성 시 –
MojiWorld 에 콘텐츠 게시 시
- 계정 해지 후 7일 이내.
아마존 AWS
싱가포르
1) 기본 사용자 정보:
- 닉네임- 사용자 프로필 사진- 로그인 자격 증명
2 ) MojiWorld 에 게시 :
- 이미지
- 설명
- 계정 생성 시 –
MojiWorld 에 콘텐츠 게시 시
- Eureka Studios에서 계정
												해지 후 1일 이내
구글 파이어베이스
장소 상에서
-
사용자
로그인 자격 증명
– 계정 생성 시
- Eureka Studios에서 계정
												해지 후 1일 이내
Corporate@mojipop.com
으로 문의할 수 있습니다 . 귀하의 데이터는 요청 후 7일 이내에 영구적으로 삭제됩니다.
계정은 언제든지
									삭제할 수 있습니다. 귀하에 관한 일부 정보 또는 귀하가 다른 사람과 공유한 정보는 귀하의 계정에 속하지 않으므로 귀하의 계정과 함께 삭제되지
									않습니다. 백업 시스템에 저장된 정보와 같은 정보를 삭제하는 데는 상당한 시간이 소요될 수 있습니다. 일부 자료(예: 로그 기록)의 사본은 기술적인
									이유로 필요하거나 사용할 때 데이터베이스에 남아 있을 수 있습니다. 귀하가 계정을 삭제하면 이 자료는 귀하를 개인적으로 식별하는 정보와 분리됩니다.
									계정에 액세스하거나 계정을 삭제하는 방법에 대한 정보가 필요한 경우 company@mojipop.com으로 문의할 수 있습니다.
모지월드
MojiWorld
									섹션 에서 사용 가능한 모든 콘텐츠 는 Eureka Studios의 유일한 기준에 따라 관리됩니다. 작품은 Eureka Studios의 의지에
									따라 삭제, 변경 또는 승격될 수 있습니다. 일반적으로 콘텐츠는 다음과 같은 경우에 삭제됩니다. (2) 콘텐츠는 다른 사용자가 개인화할 수 없습니다.
									(3) Eureka Studios가 관련성이 있거나 적절하다고 판단하는 기타 기준.
귀하는
									Eureka Studios에 사용, 재생산, 수정, 각색, 출판, 번역, 파생물 생성, 배포, 공개 공연 및 표시할 수 있는 영구적이고 취소 불가능하고
									비독점적이며 로열티가 없고 전 세계적으로 전액 지불 되고 양도 가능한 하위 라이선스가 부여되는 라이선스를 부여합니다. 귀하 에 대한 보상 없이
									현재 알려졌거나 나중에 개발되는 모든 미디어 형식 및 채널의 사용자 콘텐츠와 관련하여 제공되는 귀하의 사용자 콘텐츠 및 모든 이름, 사용자 이름
									또는 초상 . 귀하가 당사 서비스에 또는 이를 통해 사용자 콘텐츠를 게시하거나 공유할 때 귀하는 귀하의 사용자 콘텐츠 및 관련 정보(예: [사용자
									이름] 또는 생성 사진)가 대중에게 공개된다는 점을 이해합니다.
귀하는
									Eureka Studios가 개인의 이름, 초상, 목소리 또는 페르소나를 포함하는지 여부에 관계없이 개인의 신원을 표시하기에 충분한 사용자 콘텐츠를
									사용 및 관리하는 데 동의합니다. 서비스를 사용함으로써 귀하는 사용자 콘텐츠를 상업적 목적으로 사용할 수 있다는 데 동의합니다.
국제
										데이터 전송
귀하가 당사
									서비스를 사용하는 위치 또는 기타 방식으로 당사에 정보를 제공하는 위치에 관계없이 정보는 전 세계 모든 국가에 위치한 서버로 전송 및 유지될 수
									있습니다. 이 정보가 저장되는 국가 의 법률, 규정 및 표준은 귀하의 국가와 다를 수 있습니다. 당사 서비스를 사용함으로써 귀하는 모든 국가에서
									이러한 정보 수집, 전송, 저장 및 처리에 동의하는 것입니다. 이 개인 정보 보호 정책의 변경 이 개인 정보 보호 정책을 변경하는 경우 서비스를
									통해 통지를 제공하거나 귀하와 달리 통신하고/하거나 상단의 "발효 날짜"를 업데이트하는 등 적절한 변경 사항에 대해 합당한 통지를
									제공할 것입니다. 이 정책의.
캘리포니아
										온라인 개인정보 보호법
CalOPPA
									는 상업용 웹사이트와 온라인 서비스에 개인 정보 보호 정책을 게시하도록 요구하는 미국 최초의 주법입니다. 캘리포니아 소비자로부터 개인 식별 정보를
									수집하는 웹사이트를 운영하는 미국(그리고 아마도 세계)의 개인이나 회사가 수집되는 정보와 수집된 정보를 정확하게 명시하는 눈에 띄는 개인정보 보호정책을
									웹사이트에 게시하도록 요구하는 법률의 범위는 캘리포니아를 훨씬 넘어 확장됩니다. 정보를 공유하는 개인 및 이 정책을 준수합니다. - 자세한 내용:
									http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf
CalOPPA
										에 따르면 우리는 다음에 동의합니다:
사용자는
									익명으로 당사 사이트를 방문할 수 있습니다. 이 개인 정보 보호 정책이 만들어지면 당사 홈페이지에 링크를 추가하거나 최소한 당사 웹 사이트에 들어간
									후 첫 번째 중요한 페이지에 링크를 추가합니다. 당사의 개인 정보 보호 정책 링크에는 '개인 정보 ' 라는 단어가 포함되어 있으며 위에 지정된
									페이지에서 쉽게 찾을 수 있습니다.
사용자는
									개인 정보 보호 정책 변경 사항에 대한 알림을 받게 됩니다. 개인 정보 보호 정책 페이지에서 사용자는 자신의 개인 정보를 변경할 수 있습니다.
									계정에 로그인하여
사이트에서
									신호를 추적하지 않는 방법은 무엇입니까?
추적 금지(DNT)
									브라우저 메커니즘이 있는 경우 신호를 추적하지 않으며, 쿠키를 설치하거나, 광고를 사용하지 않습니다.
당사 사이트는
									제3자 행동 추적을 허용합니까?
제3자 행동
									추적을 허용하지 않는다는 점도 중요합니다.
COPPA(아동
										온라인 개인 정보 보호법)
13세 미만
									아동의 개인 정보 수집과 관련하여 아동 온라인 개인정보 보호법(COPPA)은 부모가 통제합니다. 미국 소비자 보호 기관인 연방 거래 위원회(Federal
									Trade Commission)는 웹사이트 및 온라인 서비스 운영자가 어린이의 개인 정보와 온라인 안전을 보호하기 위해 무엇을 해야 하는지를 명시한
									COPPA 규칙을 시행합니다.
당사는
									13세 미만의 어린이에게 특별히 판매하지 않습니다.
공정한
										정보 관행
공정한 정보
									관행 원칙은 미국 개인정보 보호법의 근간을 형성하며 여기에 포함된 개념은 전 세계의 데이터 보호법 개발에 중요한 역할을 했습니다. 개인 정보를
									보호하는 다양한 개인 정보 보호법을 준수하려면 공정한 정보 관행 원칙과 그 구현 방법을 이해하는 것이 중요합니다.
하기 위해
									데이터 침해가 발생할 경우 다음과 같은 대응 조치를 취할 것입니다.
당사는 사이트
									내 알림을 통해 사용자에게 7영업일 이내에 통지합니다. 또한 개인이 법률을 준수하지 않는 데이터 수집기 및 처리자에 대해 법적으로 집행 가능한
									권리를 추구할 권리가 있는 개별 구제 원칙에 동의합니다. 이 원칙은 개인 이 데이터 사용자에 대해 집행 가능한 권리를 가질 뿐만 아니라 개인이
									데이터 처리자의 비준수를 조사 및/또는 기소하기 위해 법원이나 정부 기관에 의존할 것을 요구합니다.
이 앱은
									사용자 로그인을 위해 MobTech의 SMSSDK를 사용합니다. MobTech의 SMSSDK 및 MojiPop의 로그인 개인정보 보호정책 에 대한
									자세한 내용을 보려면
여기 를 클릭하십시오
.
문의하기
이 개인
									정보 보호 정책 과 관련하여 질문이 있는 경우 아래 정보를 사용하여 당사에 문의할 수 있습니다.
www.mojipop.com
北京市朝阳区三里屯SOHO
办公A
座
11
层
A1123
Sanlitun
									Soho, Building A, A 1123
Beijing, China이메일: Corporate@mojipop.com최종 수정 날짜: 20 22-10-19
Политика конфиденциальности
Эта
								политика конфиденциальности была составлена, чтобы лучше обслуживать тех, кто
								обеспокоен тем, как их «личная информация» (PII) используется в Интернете. PII,
								как это используется в законодательстве США о конфиденциальности и
								информационной безопасности, представляет собой информацию, которая может
								использоваться сама по себе или вместе с другой информацией для идентификации,
								установления контакта или местонахождения отдельного человека или для
								идентификации человека в контексте. Пожалуйста, внимательно прочитайте нашу
								политику конфиденциальности, чтобы получить четкое представление о том, как мы
								собираем, используем, защищаем или иным образом обрабатываем вашу личную
								информацию в соответствии с нашим веб-сайтом.
Информация,
									которую мы собираем или получаем
Ниже
								вы можете найти список разрешений, которые нам необходимы для предоставления
Вещь
Описание
Хранилище
Временное
											сохранение изображения альбома и файла воспроизведения.
Телефон
При
											входе по номеру мобильного телефона.
смс
Автоматический
											ввод номера авторизации, полученного по SMS при входе в систему.
Данные
											лица
Никакие
											данные лица не сохраняются и не передаются третьим лицам при создании
											аватара. Если вы решите сделать аватар общедоступным или создать резервную
											копию аватаров в облаке, голова аватара будет храниться на наших серверах.
Информация,
										которую вы предоставляете.
Мы собираем контент и другую
									информацию, которую вы предоставляете при использовании наших Сервисов, включая
									информацию о себе или других лицах, такую как информация, которую вы
									предоставляете при создании учетной записи, и контент, который вы создаете или
									предоставляете через Приложение. Когда мы делаем это, мы также можем собирать
									информацию, которая является частью вещей, которыми вы делитесь, например дату
									создания файла. Мы также собираем информацию о том, как вы используете наши
									Сервисы, включая ваше взаимодействие с нашими Сервисами в связи со сторонними
									сервисами или интеграцией веб-сайтов, а также о людях, с которыми вы связаны
									или общаетесь через наши Сервисы. В случае, если будущие продукты или функции
									Eureka Studios будут включать покупки, мы будем собирать информацию о ваших
									покупках или транзакциях, например платежную информацию, которая включает
									информацию о вашей кредитной или дебетовой карте, информацию об учетной записи
									и аутентификации или информацию о выставлении счетов и доставке.
Информация,
										которую предоставляют другие.
Мы собираем контент и другую
									информацию, которую другие люди предоставляют при использовании наших Сервисов,
									включая информацию о вас, например, когда они загружают или делятся вашей
									фотографией или общаются с вами через наши Сервисы.
Информация
									с веб-сайтов или приложений, которые используют наши Сервисы. Мы собираем
									информацию, когда вы посещаете или используете сторонние веб-сайты и
									приложения, которые используют или интегрируются с нашими Услугами (например,
									когда они интегрируются с нашим Приложением, чтобы вы могли делиться
									смайликами, фотографиями или видео на их платформе). Сюда входит информация о
									посещаемых вами веб-сайтах и приложениях, использовании вами наших Сервисов на
									этих веб-сайтах и в приложениях, а также информация, которую вы или разработчик
									или издатель приложения или веб-сайта предоставляете нам.
Информация
										об устройстве.
Мы собираем информацию об устройствах,
									которые вы используете для доступа к нашим Сервисам, такую как операционная
									система, идентификатор и настройки устройства, а также другую информацию, к
									которой вы разрешаете нашим Сервисам доступ на вашем устройстве, в том числе с
									помощью разрешений, которые вы предоставляете нашим Сервисам на твое устройство.
									Сюда также может входить информация о местоположении, которая может быть
									получена из такой информации, как IP-адрес вашего устройства или, в зависимости
									от устройства, которое вы используете для доступа или использования наших
									Сервисов (и любых применимых настроек), информация о точном местоположении
									вашего устройства.
Сторонние
									партнеры. Мы можем получать информацию о вас от сторонних партнеров, которую мы
									можем объединять с другой информацией о вас, которую мы собираем.
Как мы
									используем имеющуюся у нас информацию
Мы
									используем всю имеющуюся у нас информацию, чтобы помочь нам предоставлять и
									поддерживать наши Услуги. Вот как:
Предоставлять,
									улучшать и развивать Услуги. Мы используем имеющуюся у нас информацию, чтобы
									предоставлять, улучшать, развивать и понимать наши Сервисы, а также
									предоставлять персонализированный опыт, контент и информацию для вас и других
									лиц, которые могут включать онлайн-рекламу или другие формы маркетинга в наших
									Сервисах и за их пределами. Например, чтобы наши Сервисы работали на вас, мы
									предлагаем инструменты, которые создают эмодзи, напоминающие ваше лицо, которые
									изменяют размер и форму черт лица, таких как нос или глаза, или повторяют
									движения лица в видео. Для обеспечения работы этих Услуг мы используем
									имеющуюся у нас информацию, чтобы различать шаблоны формы и формы, составляющие
									цифровое изображение неподвижного или движущегося лица. Мы также можем
									использовать имеющуюся у нас информацию для анализа выбранных эмодзи и того,
									как люди обмениваются изображениями или видео, например, из Приложения в
									сторонние сервисы, или для проведения опросов и исследований, тестирования
									разрабатываемых функций и анализа информации . мы должны оценивать и улучшать
									продукты и услуги, разрабатывать новые продукты или функции, а также проводить проверки
									и устранять неполадки.
Общаться
										с тобой.
Мы используем имеющуюся у нас информацию, включая вашу
									контактную информацию, чтобы сообщать вам о наших Услугах, отправлять вам
									маркетинговые сообщения, которые, по нашему мнению, могут вас заинтересовать, а
									также сообщать вам о наших продуктах, услугах, политиках и условиях иным
									образом. Мы также используем имеющуюся у нас информацию, чтобы отвечать вам,
									когда вы связываетесь с нами. Содействовать безопасности и защищенности. Важно
									отметить, что мы используем имеющуюся у нас информацию для обеспечения
									безопасности наших Сервисов и расследования использования наших Сервисов,
									включая любые подозрительные действия или возможные нарушения наших условий и
									политик. Файлы cookie и другие технологии. Мы используем файлы cookie и другие
									технологии для работы, предоставления, поддержки и настройки наших Сервисов, в
									том числе для предоставления наших веб-сервисов, улучшения вашего опыта,
									понимания того, как используются наши Сервисы, и для защиты наших Сервисов. Мы
									также используем комплекты разработки программного обеспечения (SDK) для
									чтения, хранения и доступа к информации с вашего мобильного устройства, чтобы
									помочь предоставлять наши Сервисы, как описано выше, когда мобильные приложения
									используют или интегрируются с нашими Сервисами. Если ваше устройство или
									браузер предлагают их, вы можете изменить настройки файлов cookie, следуя
									инструкциям вашего устройства или мобильного браузера. Обратите внимание, что
									если вы настроите свой браузер или устройство на удаление, отключение или
									блокировку файлов cookie или других технологий, вы не сможете получить доступ к
									определенным частям Сервисов, а другие части наших Сервисов могут работать
									неправильно.
Как
										распространяется информация
Мы
									можем передавать имеющуюся у нас информацию при следующих обстоятельствах или
									при других обстоятельствах с вашего разрешения.
Вещи,
										которыми вы делитесь.
Вы можете делиться контентом и
									другой информацией или иным образом общаться с другими через наши Сервисы.
									Когда вы это сделаете, помните, что люди, с которыми вы делитесь информацией,
									могут решить поделиться информацией, которой вы поделились с другими.
Вещи,
										которыми делятся другие.
Другие люди могут использовать
									наши Сервисы для обмена контентом и другой информацией о вас, например
									фотографиями или видео. Сторонние приложения, веб- сайты или другие службы.
									Когда вы используете сторонние приложения, веб-сайты или другие сервисы,
									которые используют наши Сервисы или интегрированы с ними, они могут собирать
									или получать информацию о вашем взаимодействии с ними в наших Сервисах, а также
									о том, что вы публикуете или чем делитесь. Обратите внимание, что эти услуги не
									регулируются настоящей Политикой конфиденциальности, и мы рекомендуем вам
									ознакомиться с условиями, политиками и практикой этих третьих лиц, поскольку
									они будут применяться к вашему доступу к этим услугам и их использованию.
									Поставщики, поставщики услуг и другие партнеры. Мы можем делиться информацией,
									которую мы собираем, с поставщиками, поставщиками услуг и другими лицами,
									которые работают по нашему указанию, чтобы помочь нам поддерживать и
									предоставлять наши Услуги по всему миру. Например, мы можем использовать
									сторонние инструменты аналитики, чтобы помочь нам измерить использование наших
									Сервисов, или мы можем использовать поставщиков, которые предоставляют
									инфраструктурные услуги, чтобы помочь нам предоставлять и поддерживать Сервисы.
Новый
										владелец.
В случае, если право собственности на MomentCam (или любую
									часть наших активов) изменится в результате слияния, поглощения или в случае банкротства,
									имеющаяся у нас информация, включая информацию от вас или о вас, может быть
									передана другой компании. . Мы также можем делиться деидентифицированными или
									агрегированными данными с нашими партнерами и другими лицами. Обезличенные
									данные означают информацию, из которой мы удалили информацию, которая
									идентифицирует вас лично, например ваше имя или контактную информацию.
									Агрегированные данные — это данные, объединенные с другими данными таким
									образом, что они не позволяют идентифицировать конкретное лицо.
Доступ
										и удаление
Мы
									храним информацию до тех пор, пока это необходимо для предоставления Услуг вам
									и другим лицам, в том числе описанным выше. Если у вас есть учетная запись,
									связанная с нашими Услугами, информация, связанная с вашей учетной записью,
									будет храниться до тех пор, пока ваша учетная запись не будет удалена, за
									исключением случаев, когда нам больше не нужны данные для предоставления
									продуктов и услуг.
Какие
									данные мы обрабатываем: после создания учетной записи мы обрабатываем и храним
									основную информацию о пользователе, такую как изображение вашего профиля, ваш
									псевдоним и содержание публикации. При создании аватаров мы ни в коем случае не
									загружаем и не храним фотографию лица, поскольку наша технология создания
									аватаров работает на устройстве, в автономном режиме и в частном порядке.
Как мы обрабатываем данные: Мы обрабатываем упомянутые выше
									данные через Google Firebase и Amazon AWS следующим образом:
Компания
Страна
Вещь
Курок
Удержание
Эврика Студии
Сингапур
1) Основная информация о пользователе:
- Никнейм- Профиль пользователя Изображение- Учетные данные для входа
2) Публикация на MojiWorld :
- Изображение
- Описание
- При создании учетной записи
— при публикации контента на MojiWorld
- В течение 7 дней после закрытия аккаунта.
Амазон АВС
Сингапур
1) Основная информация о пользователе:
- Никнейм - Профиль пользователя Изображение - Учетные данные для входа
2 ) Публикация на MojiWorld :
- Изображение
- Описание
- При создании учетной записи
— при публикации контента на MojiWorld
- В течение 1 дня после закрытия аккаунта в Eureka Studios
Google Firebase
Локально
-
Учетные
данные пользователя для
												входа
- При создании учетной записи
- В течение 1 дня после закрытия аккаунта в Eureka Studios
Как вы можете запросить удаление этих данных: вы можете нажать
									«Отменить учетную запись» в наших приложениях на странице настроек или, в
									качестве альтернативы, вы можете связаться с нами по адресу
Corporate@mojipop.com
». Ваши данные
									будут безвозвратно удалены в течение 7 дней после запроса.
Вы
									можете удалить свою учетную запись в любое время. Некоторая информация о вас
									или информация, которой вы поделились с другими, не является частью вашей
									учетной записи и, следовательно, не будет удалена вместе с вашей учетной
									записью. Удаление вашей информации, например информации, хранящейся в системах
									резервного копирования, может занять разумное время. Копии некоторых материалов
									(например, лог-записи) могут оставаться в нашей базе данных, так как нам нужны
									или используются по техническим причинам. Когда вы удаляете свою учетную
									запись, этот материал отделяется от информации, которая идентифицирует вас
									лично. Если вам нужна информация о том, как получить доступ к своей учетной записи
									или удалить ее, вы можете связаться с нами по адресу Corporate@mojipop.com.
МодзиМир
Весь
									контент, доступный в разделе MojiWorld , управляется исключительно по критериям
									Eureka Studios. Работы могут быть удалены, изменены или продвинуты по желанию
									Eureka Studios. Как правило, контент удаляется, когда: (1) Контент нарушает
									права ИС; (2) Контент не может быть персонализирован другими пользователями;
									(3) Любые другие критерии, которые Eureka Studios может счесть уместными или
									подходящими.
Вы
									предоставляете Eureka Studios бессрочную, безотзывную, неисключительную,
									безвозмездную, всемирную, полностью оплаченную , передаваемую сублицензируемую
									лицензию на использование, воспроизведение, изменение, адаптацию, публикацию,
									перевод, создание производных работ, распространение, публичное исполнение и
									демонстрацию. ваш Пользовательский контент и любое имя, имя пользователя или
									изображение, предоставленное в связи с вашим Пользовательским контентом, во
									всех медиаформатах и каналах, известных в настоящее время или разработанных в
									будущем, без компенсации вам. Когда вы публикуете или иным образом делитесь
									Пользовательским контентом в наших Сервисах или через них, вы понимаете, что
									ваш Пользовательский контент и любая связанная с ним информация (например, ваше
									[имя пользователя] или созданная фотография) будут видны всем.
Вы
									предоставляете Eureka Studios согласие на использование и управление
									Пользовательским контентом, независимо от того, включает ли он имя, внешность,
									голос или личность человека, достаточные для идентификации личности. Используя
									Услуги, вы соглашаетесь с тем, что Пользовательский контент может
									использоваться в коммерческих целях.
Международная
										передача данных
Независимо
									от того, где вы используете наши Услуги или иным образом предоставляете нам
									информацию, информация может передаваться и храниться на серверах,
									расположенных в любой стране мира. Обратите внимание, что законы, правила и
									стандарты страны, в которой хранится эта информация, могут отличаться от
									законов вашей страны. Используя наши Услуги, вы даете согласие на сбор,
									передачу, хранение и обработку информации в любой стране. Изменения в настоящей
									Политике конфиденциальности Если мы внесем изменения в настоящую Политику
									конфиденциальности, мы предоставим разумное уведомление о таких изменениях по
									мере необходимости, например, отправив уведомление через Сервисы или иным
									образом связавшись с вами, и/или обновив «Дату вступления в силу» вверху. этой
									политики.
Закон
										штата Калифорния о защите конфиденциальности в Интернете
CalOPPA
									— это первый закон штата в стране, требующий от коммерческих веб-сайтов и
									онлайн-сервисов публикации политики конфиденциальности. Закон распространяется
									далеко за пределы Калифорнии и требует от лица или компании в Соединенных
									Штатах (и, возможно, во всем мире), которые управляют веб-сайтами, собирающими
									информацию, позволяющую установить личность, от потребителей из Калифорнии,
									разместить на своем веб-сайте заметную политику конфиденциальности, точно
									указав собираемую информацию и те лицам, которым он передается, и соблюдать эту
									политику. – Подробнее см. на странице:
									http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf.
Согласно
										CalOPPA мы соглашаемся со следующим:
Пользователи
									могут посещать наш сайт анонимно. После создания этой политики
									конфиденциальности мы добавим ссылку на нее на нашу домашнюю страницу или, как
									минимум, на первую значимую страницу после входа на наш сайт. Ссылка на нашу
									Политику конфиденциальности включает слово «Конфиденциальность », и ее легко
									найти на странице, указанной выше.
Пользователи
									будут уведомлены о любых изменениях политики конфиденциальности: На нашей
									странице Политики конфиденциальности Пользователи могут изменить свою личную
									информацию: Войдя в свою учетную запись
Как
									наш сайт обрабатывает сигналы «Не отслеживать»?
Мы
									уважаем сигналы «Не отслеживать» и не отслеживаем, не размещаем файлы cookie и
									не используем рекламу, если в браузере действует механизм «Не отслеживать»
									(DNT).
Разрешает
									ли наш сайт отслеживание поведения третьих лиц?
Также
									важно отметить, что мы не разрешаем стороннее отслеживание поведения.
COPPA
										(Закон о защите конфиденциальности детей в Интернете)
Когда
									дело доходит до сбора личной информации от детей младше 13 лет, Закон о защите
									конфиденциальности детей в Интернете (COPPA) отдает контроль родителям.
									Федеральная торговая комиссия, национальное агентство по защите прав
									потребителей, обеспечивает соблюдение правила COPPA, в котором разъясняется,
									что должны делать операторы веб-сайтов и онлайн-сервисов для защиты конфиденциальности
									и безопасности детей в Интернете.
Мы
									специально не продаем продукцию для детей младше 13 лет.
Честная
										информационная практика
Принципы
									добросовестного использования информации составляют основу закона о
									конфиденциальности в Соединенных Штатах, и концепции, которые они включают,
									сыграли значительную роль в разработке законов о защите данных во всем мире.
									Понимание Принципов добросовестной работы с информацией и того, как их следует
									применять, имеет решающее значение для соблюдения различных законов о
									конфиденциальности, которые защищают личную информацию.
Чтобы
									соответствовать принципам добросовестной работы с информацией, мы предпримем
									следующие ответные меры в случае утечки данных:
Мы
									уведомим пользователей через уведомление на сайте В течение 7 рабочих дней. Мы
									также согласны с принципом индивидуального возмещения ущерба, который требует,
									чтобы люди имели право отстаивать юридически закрепленные права против
									сборщиков и обработчиков данных, которые не соблюдают закон. Этот принцип
									требует, чтобы люди не только имели обеспеченные правовой санкцией права в
									отношении пользователей данных, но также чтобы люди могли обращаться в суды или
									государственные органы для расследования и/или преследования в судебном порядке
									несоблюдения со стороны обработчиков данных.
Это
									приложение использует SMSSDK MobTech для входа пользователя. Для получения
									дополнительной информации о SMSSDK MobTech и Политике конфиденциальности при
									входе в систему MojiPop нажмите
ЗДЕСЬ
.
Связаться
									с нами
Если у
									вас есть какие-либо вопросы относительно этой политики конфиденциальности, вы
									можете связаться с нами, используя приведенную ниже информацию.
www.mojipop.com
北京市朝阳区三里屯
SOHO
办公
A
座
11
层
A1123
Санлитун
									Сохо, здание A, A 1123
Пекин, Китай