隐私政策
为确保您的个人资料得以在网际网络保持隐秘性，您的个人隐私权，我们将绝对尊重并予以保护。为了帮助您了解，我们如何收集、应用及保护您所提供的个人资讯等事宜，请您详细阅读隐私权保护政策。
一、资料收集目的
当您注册成为我们的会员或使用我们的游戏时，我们会读取您的个人资讯，包括GAME
    CENTER，设备ID，地点等信息，这些资讯我们是用来从事协助您的购买，记录道具，累计货币，信息传输等。
二、资料分享
1.我们不会向任何人出售或解除您的个人识别资料给其他团体或个人，除在以下的情况中，我们会在本政策原则，于第三者公用您的个人资料。
2.为了提供您更多的服务或优惠权益，需要与其提供该服务或优惠的其他人或公司公用您的资料，我们会在活动时提供充分说明，您可以自由选择是否接受这项特定的服务或优惠。
3.游戏中会收集对局信息和结算信息，并上传到服务器。
    这些信息将在排行榜或其他地方荣耀的展示给其他玩家。
4.司法机关要求，或我们发觉您在网站中的行为有违法律或社会道德，基于公众安全为考量的前提下，我们将配合司法单位提供相关资料协助调查。
5.关联网站：我们所提供的其他网站链接，可能各有其不同的声明或使用规则等，请务必自行谨慎了解，我们并不保护使用者于该网站中的隐私权。
6.
        自我保护措施：请妥善保护您的账号及密码或任何个人资料，不要将任何个人资料，提供给任何人，若您是与人共享设备，请您务必清除您的相关信息痕迹，以防您的个人信息泄露。
三、隐私声明变更
我们将保留随时更改删减修饰本隐私声明的权利，任何增加修饰后我们将在我们官网中进行公布，并且以我们的公告时间即为生效日，如您不同意更改后协议您可以卸载我们的相关软件，如您继续使用本软件则默认视为您已同意变更后的协议。
Privacy policy
To ensure that your personal
        data is kept confidential on the internet, your personal privacy is
        absolutely respected and protected. To help you understand how we
        collect, apply, and protect the personal information you provide,
        please read the privacy policy in detail.
octopus
I purpose of data
        collection
When you register as a member or
        use our game, we will read your personal information, including
        game center, device id, location, etc., which we use to assist you
        in purchasing, recording props, accumulating currency, information
        transmission, etc.
octopus
Ii. information -
        sharing
1. we will not sell or remove
        your personal identification data to any other group or individual,
        except in the following cases, we will use your personal data to a
        third party in accordance with this policy
        principle.
2. in order to provide you with
        more services or benefits, you need to share your information with
        other persons or companies that provide the services or benefits,
        and we will provide sufficient instructions at the event that you
        are free to choose whether to accept this particular service or
        benefit.
3. the game will collect game
        information and settlement information, and uploaded to the server.
        This information will be presented to other players honorably on
        the charts or elsewhere.
4. at the request of the
        judiciary, or if we find that your actions on the website are
        contrary to the law or social ethics, we will cooperate with the
        judiciary to provide relevant information to assist in the
        investigation on the basis of public safety
        considerations.
5. associated website: we
        provide links to other websites, may have their own different
        statements or use rules, etc., please be careful to understand, we
        do not protect the user's privacy in the website.
6. self - protection measures:
        please properly protect your account number and password or any
        personal data, do not provide any personal data to anyone, if you
        are sharing equipment with others, please be sure to remove your
        relevant information traces, in case of your personal information
        disclosure.
octopus
Iii. change of privacy
        statement
We will reserve the right to
        change and modify this privacy statement at any time, and any
        additional modifications will be published on our website and will
        take effect on the date of our announcement. if you do not agree to
        the modified agreement, you may uninstall our relevant software,
        and if you continue to use this software, you will by default be
        deemed to have agreed to the modified agreement.