Hi!
Log In
/
or
Join Free
About TrueFire
All Access
Help
Dashboard
My Courses
My Recommendations
My Jams
My Song Lessons
My Playlists
My Learning Paths
My Channels
My Inbox
My Private Lessons
My Other Downloads
My Courses
Recently Watched
Favorites
Courses
Lessons
Educators
Jams
Playlists
Channels
Help
Profile
Account Overview
Subscriptions
Billing & Shipping
Order History
Email Prefs
Log Out
Upgrade
Courses
Guitar Styles
Blues
Blues Rock
Jazz
Jazz Blues
Rock
Hard Rock/Metal
Country
Acoustic
Singer-Songwriter
Fingerstyle
Classical
Funk
R&B/Soul
Americana
Rockabilly
Bluegrass
Bass
Banjo
Ukulele
Harmonica
Other
Learn to Play
Beginner
Late Beginner
Songs
Rhythm
Soloing
Applied Theory
Essential Reference
Style Studies
Technique
Chords & Progressions
Slide
Scales & Modes
Pentatonic
Improvisation
CAGED
Chord Melody
Songwriting
Workouts & Exercises
Tone & Gear
Arpeggios
Alternate Tunings
Browse
All Courses
Most Popular
On Sale
Pre-Orders
Recommendations
Free Lessons
Curated Collections
JamPlay Courses
Learn & Play Guitar
Masterclasses
Practice Sessions
Guitar Heroes & Legends
Essentials
Licks You Must Know
Trading Solos
Focus On
Survival Guides
Fakebooks
Guitar Gym
Guitar Lab
Take 5
Songs
About
All Song Lessons
Jams
About
In The Jam
Multi-Track Audio Jams
Jam Packs
Free Jam Tracks
Sales
All Access
Fire Sales
Pre-Orders
Artist Bundles
$5 Downloads
Educators
View All 400+ Educators
Featured:
Adam Levy
Alex Skolnick
Ana Popovic
Andy Aledort
Andy McKee
Andy Timmons
Andy Wood
Angus Clark
Anthony Stauffer
Ariane Cap
Ariel Posen
Brad Carlton
Brent Mason
Brooks Robertson
Carl Verheyen
Chris Buono
Christie Lenée
Clive Carroll
Corey Congilio
David Grissom
David Hamburger
David Wallimann
Diego Figueiredo
Dweezil Zappa
Eric Haugen
Eric Johnson
Fareed Haque
Frank Vignola
Greg Koch
Gretchen Menn
Guthrie Trapp
Henry Johnson
Howard Morgen
Ian Stich
Jack Ruch
Jason Loughlin
JD Simo
Jeff McErlain
Jeff Scheetz
Jennifer Batten
Jimmy Vivino
Joanna Connor
John Oates
John Pizzarelli
Johnny Hiland
Josh Smith
Keb Mo
Keith Wyatt
Kelly Richey
Kenny Lee Lewis
Kid Andersen
Kirk Fletcher
Larry Carlton
Lindsay Ell
Livingston Taylor
Mark Whitfield
Martin Taylor
Marty Friedman
Matt Schofield
Matthew Lee
Michael Palmisano
Mike Dawes
Mike Zito
Mimi Fox
Muriel Anderson
Neil Zaza
Oz Noy
Pat Martino
Paul Brown
Redd Volkaert
Robben Ford
Robbie Calvo
Robert Jones
Samantha Fish
Scott Sharrard
Sean McGowan
Shane Theriot
Sheryl Bailey
Sonny Landreth
Sophie Lloyd
Steve Vai
Stu Hamm
Tim Lerch
Tim Pierce
Tommy Emmanuel
Tracii Guns
Walter Trout
Yngwie Malmsteen
Paths
About Learning Paths
Blues
Jazz
Rock
Acoustic
Country
Bass
Private Lessons
Artist Channels
About Private Lessons
Choose an Instructor
Live 1-on-1 Lessons
More
Free Downloads
Live
JamPlay Live Archive
Apps
Learning Tools
Blog
Refer a Friend
Gift Certificates
Community
Courses
Songs
Jams
Sales
Educators
Paths
Private Lessons
More
Blues
Rock
Jazz
Fingerstyle
Acoustic
Country
Techniques
Applied Theory
Beginner
Rhythm
Soloing
Slide
Funk/R&B/Soul
Multi-Style
Bass
Other Instruments
50 Licks
Guitar Gym
1-2-3 Guitar
Chord Studies
Guitar Lab
Rhythm Factory
Solo Factory
Survival Guides
Essentials
Focus On
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
TrueFire, Inc. (“TrueFire,” “our,” “us,” or “we”) wants to help you better understand how we
	collect, use, protect, and share your Personal Data. This Privacy Policy is designed to help you
	understand your privacy choices when you visit our Website or use our Mobile App or any of
	our Services. It does not apply to other websites or services that we do not control, including
	websites or services of other TrueFire Users.
This Privacy Policy is incorporated into, and forms an integral part of, the TrueFire
Terms of
	Service
(“Terms of Service”). Please note that our services may vary by region.
We encourage you to read this Privacy Policy carefully and take the time to get to know our
	privacy practices. By accessing the Website, Mobile App, and/or the Services, you are bound by
	all terms and conditions in the Terms of Service and this Privacy Policy. If you do not wish to be
	bound, you may not access the Website, Mobile App, and/or the Services.
Definitions.
Information Types.
“Account Information” means data about how and when a User account is
						accessed and the features used.
“Browser Information” means provided by a browser, including
						the IP address, the website visited, network connection, device
						information, and other data, including Cookies.
“Contact Information” means basic personal and business
						information, such as first and last name, email address, postal address,
						phone number, and may include social media account information.
“Device Information” means information about your device, such
						as device ID number, model, and manufacturer, version of your operating
						system and geographical region, collected from any devices when
						accessing our Website, using the Mobile App, or any of our Services.
“Security Information” means User ID, password and password
						hints, and any other security information used for authentication and
						account access.
“Usage Information” means information collected when you
						interact with the TrueFire’s Website, Mobile App, or any of our Services,
						including functionalities accessed, pages visited, and other interaction
						data.
“Automated Decision Making” means a decision made solely by automated
				means without human involvement.
“Controller” means an entity that determines the purposes and means of the
				Processing of Personal Data.
“Cookie” a small file that resides on your computer’s hard drive that often
				contains an anonymous unique identifier that is accessible by the website that
				placed it there, but is not accessible by other sites.
“Mobile App” means the TrueFire Mobile Application available through third-
				party app stores for mobile devices.
“Personal Data” or “Personal Information” means information that (i) relates to an
				identified or identifiable natural person, or (ii) identifies, relates to, describes, is
				capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or
				indirectly, with a particular consumer or household.
“Processing” means any operation or set of operations which is performed upon
				Personal Data, whether or not by automatic means, including, but not limited to,
				alteration, collection, organization, recording, retrieval, storage, transmission, and
				use.
“Processor” means the entity that processes Personal Data on behalf of the
				Controller.
“Services” means all TrueFire and/or JamPlay products, services, and materials
				located on or accessible through the Website and Mobile App.
“Third-Party Products” means any third-party information, website, product,
				service, or materials referenced in, accessible through, or provided in connection
				with, the Website or Services.
“User” means an entity or natural person that completes registration information
				to create a Member account for the Services on the Website or Mobile App.
“Visitor” means an entity or natural person that visits or interacts with the
				TrueFire Website.
“Website” means the TrueFire website located at
https://truefire.com
(including all associated internet country codes) and all other TrueFire affiliate
				websites.
How Do We Collect Information and What Information Do We Collect?
When a User interacts with our Website and/or Mobile App, TrueFire may collect
				and control information such as Account Information, Browser Information,
				Contact Information, Payment Information, Support Information, Device
				Information, Security Information, Transaction Information, Usage Information
				and set a Cookie.
When Visitors browse our Website, or engage in communications with us online
				or offline, we may collect and control, as applicable, Browser Information,
				Support Information, Contact Information, and Usage Information submitted or
				communicated to us.
We may collect the following types of information from you or your device(s):
identifiers, such as Browser Information, Device Information, and
						Security Information;
commercial information, such as Account Information, Contact
						Information, and Usage Information;
geolocation data, such as Browser Information and Device Information;
other Personal Information, such as Support Information; and
information derived from other categories, which could include your
						preferences, interests, and other information used to personalize your
						experience.
How We Use the Information We Collect?
We use the information we collect in our role
		as a Controller to:
provide our Services;
confirm identities;
to present content from our Services in an effective manner for you and
				your device;
to allow you to participate in interactive features of our Services;
to communicate with you, including required communications regarding
				your account, security, or updates regarding our Services or policies, and
				to send promotional communications;
improve and personalize communications, interactions, and our Services,
				such as push notifications regarding your activities;
provide support such as debugging, troubleshooting, automated decision
				making such as the detection of fraudulent Member account creation when
				signing up for our Services;
for advertising and marketing, invoicing, to resolve incidents related to the
				use of our Website and Services;
comply with legal requirements,
as may be necessary in a business transaction concerning the sale or
				transfer of our assets; and
in other cases where the Visitor has given express consent.
How We Share the Information We Collect?
We will share your personal data with third
		parties only in the ways that are described in this Privacy Policy. We do not sell, trade,
		rent or disclose your information to others, except as provided herein:
We provide and support some of our Services through contractual arrangements
				with service providers and other third parties. We, and our service providers, use
				your personal data to operate our Websites and to deliver Services. For example,
				we must release your credit card information to the card-issuing bank to confirm
				payment for products and services purchased on our Websites; and provide order
				information to third parties that help us deliver the Services.
We will also disclose personal data in the following circumstances: (i) if it is
				required by law enforcement or judicial authorities, or to cooperate with a law
				enforcement investigation; (ii) if we have a good faith belief that we are required
				or permitted to do so by law or legal process; (iii) to protect our rights, reputation,
				property or the safety of us or others; (iv) to defend or enforce our rights or your
				obligations; (v) if the disclosure is required by mandatory professional standards;
				(vi) to a third party with your prior consent to do so; or (vii) if we are under a duty
				to disclose or share your personal data in order to enforce or apply any contracts
				or agreement that may exist between you and us including this Privacy Policy and
				terms of service. This includes exchanging information with other companies and
				organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Direct Marketing.
We currently do not share personal data with third parties for their
		direct marketing purposes, nor allow for advertising on our Websites. We do however,
		have third party services to advertise our Websites and Services in other networks to
		drive traffic to our own network. These partners are: Amazon Associates, Doubleclick,
		Facebook Custom Audience, Google Adwords, Google Publisher Tags and Linkedin
		Ads.
Public Information and Third Parties.
Blog.
We have public blogs on our Website. Any information you include in a
				comment on our blog may be read, collected, and used by anyone. If your
				Personal Information appears on our blogs and you want it removed, contact us.
Social media platforms and widgets.
Our Website includes social media features, such as the Facebook Social Plugins, Facebook Connect, Google+ Platform, Twitter and Twitter Syndication. These features may collect information about your IP address and which page you are visiting on our Website, and they may set a cookie to make sure the feature functions properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Website. We also maintain presences on social media platforms, including Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram. Any information, communications, or materials you submit to us via a social media platform is done at your own risk without any expectation of privacy. We cannot control the actions of other users of these platforms or the actions of the platforms themselves. Your interactions with those features and platforms are governed by the privacy policies of the companies that provide them.
Links to third-party websites.
Our Website may include links to other websites,
				whose privacy practices may be different from ours. If you submit Personal
				Information to any of those sites, your information is governed by their privacy
				policies. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any website
				you visit.
Contests and sweepstakes.
We may, from time to time, offer surveys, contests,
				sweepstakes, or other promotions on our Websites or through social media
				(collectively, "Promotions"). Participation in our Promotions is completely
				voluntary. Information requested for entry may include Personal Information such
				as your name, address, date of birth, phone number, email address, username, and
				similar details. We use the information you provide to administer our Promotions.
				We may also, unless prohibited by the Promotion's rules or law, use the
				information provided to communicate with you, or other people you select, about
				our Services. We may share this information with our affiliates and other
				organizations or service providers in line with this privacy policy and the rules
				posted for our Promotions.
Cookies.
Usage.
TrueFire and its third-party service providers use cookies, web beacons, and similar tracking technologies to recognize you when you visit our Website, remember your preferences, and give you a personalized experience. When you visit our Website, we, or an authorized third party, may place a cookie on your device that collects information—including Personal Data—about your online activities over time and across different sites. Cookies allow us to track time of use, infer preferences, and improve and customize your browsing experience.
Persistence.
We use session-based cookies on our Website. Session cookies are
				deleted as soon as you close your web browser. A website may set a cookie if the
				browser’s preferences allow it. A browser only permits a website to access the
				cookies that it has set, not those set by other websites.
Types.
Essential.
These cookies are necessary for our Website to work as intended.
Functional.
These cookies enable enhanced functionality, like videos. Without these cookies, certain functions may become unavailable.
Analytics.
These cookies provide statistical information on site
						usage. For example, these cookies enable web analytics that allow us to
						improve our Website over time.
Targeting and Advertising.
These cookies are used to personalize content to enhance your experience. In addition, our Website employs multiple tracking technologies—including Meta Pixel (a tracking tool provided by Meta, formerly Facebook) along with other similar scripts—to monitor and measure user interactions for advertising and analytics purposes. These tracking technologies may collect data such as pages visited and actions taken, which help us optimize our advertising campaigns and deliver more relevant ads. For further details on the data practices of these third-party providers, please refer to their respective data policies.
Control.
It is possible to disable cookies through your device or browser settings,
				but doing so may affect your ability to use our Website. For instance, we may not
				be able to recognize your computer or mobile device and you may need to log in
				every time you visit our Website. The method for disabling cookies may vary by
				device and browser, but can usually be found in preferences or security settings.
				Please use the following links for further instructions:
Google Chrome
Apple Safari
Mozilla Firefox
Microsoft Internet Explorer or Edge
Other Resources. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what
				cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit
allaboutcookies.org
, or
aboutcookies.org
.
Third-Party Service Partners.
The following is a list of our third-party service partners
		and their respective functions to our Website and Services:
Amazon CDN:
content delivery network of multimedia assets
Intercom:
customer messaging platform
Google Shopping
: reviews
Nextopia
: site search, navigation & merchandising
Onesignal
: mobile and web push notifications delivery
Soundslice
" interactive sheet music platform
Zendesk
: customer service and engagement platform
Sumo
: blog email notifications platform
Delighted
: NPS Surveys
Symantec
: Norton shopping guarantee and web theft protection
Viblast
: cross-platform HTML5 video streaming technology
Vimeo
: video player used for tutorial videos in Channel Manager
GA Audiences, Google Analytics, Linkedin Analytics
: website analytics
Yotpo
: reviews and marketing research
Security
While we are dedicated to securing our Website and Services, you are responsible
				for securing and maintaining the privacy of your passwords and account
				information. We are not responsible for protecting Personal Data shared with a
				third-party based on an account connection that you have authorized. Please
				notify Customer Support as soon as possible if your username or password is
				compromised.
Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can
				be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your
				personal data, you acknowledge that: (a) there are security and privacy limitations
				of the Internet which are beyond our control; (b) the security, integrity and
				privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and us
				through this Website cannot be guaranteed and we shall have no liability to you or
				any third party for loss, misuse, disclosure or alteration of such information; and
				(c) any such information and data may be viewed or tampered with in transit by a
				third party.
In the unlikely event that we believe that the security of your personal data in our
				control may have been compromised, we will try to notify you. To the extent you
				have provided us with your email address, we may notify you by email and you
				agree to our use of email as a means of such notification.
Data Subject's Rights.
Depending on where you reside, you may have data subject rights
			as set forth based on location of residency below.
UK/UE/EEA Data Subject Rights under the General Data Protection Regulation
				(GDPR).
If you are a resident of the United Kingdom, European Union, or European Economic Area (EEA), you may have certain data protection rights. We aim to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, object to the processing, restrict the processing, request a transfer, or limit the use of your Personal Information. You can exercise rights over your Personal Data against the Controller by emailing us at help@truefire.com with the subject “GDPR Data Subject Request.” When collection is based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw consent at any time, without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal by applicable law. If applicable by national law, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority if you believe that the processing of your personal data infringes your rights.
California Consumer Privacy Act.
If you are a California resident, or were within
				the last year or at any point since January 1, 2022, you have the following rights
				under applicable California law in relation to your Personal Information, subject
				to certain exceptions:
Right to Know. You have the right to, up to twice in a 12-month period,
						request what Personal Information we collect, use, disclose, share, and/or
						sell, as applicable.
Right to Delete. You have the right to request the deletion of your
						Personal Information that is collected by us.
Right to Opt-Out of Sale. You have the right to opt-out of the sale of your
						Personal Information by a business. However, as noted above, we do not
						currently sell any Personal Information.
Right to Non-Discrimination. You have the right not to receive
						discriminatory treatment for the exercise of the privacy rights described
						above.
Right to Correct. You have the right to correct inaccurate Personal
						Information that we maintain about you.
Right Not to Be Discriminated Against. You have the right not to receive
						discriminatory treatment by us for exercising your privacy rights,
						including the right not to be retaliated against.
We do not sell or share (in the context of cross-behavioral advertising which
				means the targeting of advertising to a consumer based on the consumer’s
				personal information obtained from the consumer’s activity across businesses
				including distinctly-branded websites, applications, or services) Personal
				Information, and have not in the immediate twelve months. If we do, you will be
				notified of it prior to or at the point of such collection for those purposes, and
				provided a link to opt-out of the selling/sharing of Personal Information.
These rights are not absolute, and there may be cases when we decline your
				request as permitted by law.
Any request you submit to us is subject to an identification and residency
				verification process as permitted by the CCPA. To submit a request, please
				contact us, or have your authorized representative, contact us at 1-800-222-3366, click
this link,
or email us at
help@truefire.com
, subject
				“California Data Subject Request”. We. In the event you have an authorized
				representative submit a request to delete, request to correct or request to know on
				your behalf, you will have to provide written authorization demonstrating this
				grant of authority, which can include a Power of Attorney. Authorized
				representatives may not submit any other types of requests on your behalf.
For purposes of requests to delete, correct and to know, we will verify your
				identity based on information we have collected about you, including your name,
				address, and phone number, but will not fulfill your request unless you have
				provided sufficient information that enables us to reasonably verify that you are
				the consumer about whom we collected the Personal Information on. If we are
				unable to verify your identity, we may deny your request.
If you are 16 years of age or older, you have the right to direct us not to sell your
				Personal Information at any time. We do not and will not sell Personal Information of consumers we actually know are less than 16 years of age unless
				we received affirmative authorization from the consumer who is between 13 and
				16 years of age, or the parent or guardian of a consumer less than 13 years of age,
				to opt-in to the sale of their Personal Information. Upon the receipt of this request
				to opt-in, we will inform the minor of the right to opt-out later and of the process
				for doing so.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request
				unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the
				request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide
				you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
Do Not Track.
Do Not Track is a privacy preference that Users can set in their web
		browsers. When a User turns on the Do Not Track signal, the browser sends a message to
		websites requesting them not to track the User. At this time, we do not respond to web
		browser “do not track” settings or signals. We deploy cookies and other technologies on
		our Services to collect information about you and your browsing activity, even if you
		have turned on the Do Not Track signal.
Protecting Your Personal Information.
We implement security measures designed to
		maintain the security of your Personal Information. These security measures are
		implemented both during transmission of Personal Information and once received. The
		security of your Personal Information is important to us. However, no method of
		safeguarding information is completely secure. While we use measures designed to
		protect Personal Information, we cannot guarantee that our safeguards will be effective or
		sufficient. In addition, you should be aware that Internet data transmission is not always
		secure, and we cannot warrant that information you transmit utilizing the Services is or
		will be secure.
Transfer of Data.
Your Personal Information may be transferred to—and maintained
		on—computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental
		jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ from those in your jurisdiction. If
		you are located outside the United States, please note that we transfer data, including
		Personal Information, to the United States and process it there. By using the Services,
		you understand and acknowledge that your Personal Information will be transferred to
		and processed in the United States, which may have different data protection rules than in
		your country. We will take steps reasonably designed to treat your Personal Information
		securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy, as further described below.
Updates.
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time in response to changing
		legal, technical or business developments. When we update our Privacy Policy, we will
		take appropriate measures to inform you, consistent with the significance of the changes
		we make. We will obtain your consent to any material Privacy Policy changes if and
		where this is required by applicable data protection laws. You can see when this Privacy
		Policy was last updated by checking the “Date of Last Revision” date displayed at the top
		of this Privacy Policy.
Account Management and Deletion Process
To permanently delete your TrueFire account:
Log into your TrueFire account at
truefire.com
Navigate to Account Overview in the top left menu
Scroll to the bottom and click on "Delete Account"
Read and acknowledge the deletion consequences
Confirm your decision by entering your password
Click "Permanently Delete Account"
Important Information About Account Deletion
All your personal data will be permanently deleted from our active systems within 30 days
Any active subscriptions must be cancelled before account deletion is processed
Downloaded content will no longer be accessible after account deletion
Some information may be retained as required by law or for legitimate business purposes
Content you've shared publicly (such as forum posts or comments) may remain visible but will be anonymized
If you have any issues with account deletion, contact our support team at help@truefire.com
Contact Us.
For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if
		you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by e-mail at
help@truefire.com
or by mail using the details provided below:
TrueFire, Inc.
2500 Emerson Avenue South
St. Petersburg, FL 33712
+1 727-898-8866