Legal
TERMS OF SERVICE
PRIVACY POLICY
Last updated on June 9, 2022
Roomi Privacy Policy | Rooms for Rent
Effective Date: Feb 18th, 2016
1. This Privacy Policy Applies to the Sites and Apps Where It Appears.
This policy describes how Roomi treats personal information. It applies to information we collect on the sites and apps where it is posted. This policy applies to both our tenants and our landlords. It also applies to our ambassadors. Read this policy to learn about what we do and your choices. By interacting with us, you consent to our privacy practices.
2. We Collect Personal Information From and About You.
We collect contact information.
We collect your name and email address. We also collect your address and phone number. We also collect third party social media information like profiles.
We collect rental preferences and related information.
We collect information about your move-in date and length of stay. We also collect information about what types of rentals you like. This might include preferred location.
We collect validating information.
Connection with our services third party background companies collect photo and government IDs on our behalf. They may also collect background information for background checks.
We collect demographic information.
We may collect your date of birth. We may also collect your age, gender and zip code.
We collect information you post.
We collect photos and videos you upload to our site. We collect other information you may post on our sites and apps. We also collect information you might post on third party sites.
We collect payment information.
If you make purchases with us we collect your payment card number and billing address.
We collect usage and location information.
We may collect information about the browser you are using or your operating system. We may also collect device information including device IDs. We may also collect information about how and when you connected to us. We also look at the areas of our sites or apps you visit and where you go when you leave us. We may also collect information about your location. We may collect ISP information and IP addresses.
3. We Collect Information In a Variety of Ways.
We collect information directly from you.
We collect information when you register for an account. We collect information if you contact us.
We collect information about you passively.
We use tracking tools like browser cookies, web beacons and pixels. We do this on our website and in emails we send to you. We collect information about users over time when they use our websites. This includes usage and browser information. We may have third parties collect information this way.
We get information about you from third parties.
Third parties who give us information include social media sites and third party apps. This includes your profile and public information on those sites. We may also collect information from users of third party sites who give us access to their profiles. We also get information from business partners.
4. We Use Information As Disclosed and Described Here.
We use information to respond to your requests or questions.
We use your information to respond to your questions. This includes questions about our services or your relationship with us. We also use your information to process your registration with sites and apps and to let you participate in site or app features.
We use information to improve our services.
We use your information to improve our sites and apps. We use your information to customize your experience with us. We also use your information to serve you specific content that is most relevant to you.
We use information for marketing purposes.
We may provide you with information about services. We may also use your information to tell you about special offers or promotions. These might be our own offers or products, or third-party offers or products we think you might find interesting. We also use your information to provide aggregate information to our advertisers. We do this when legally permitted. We also use information to manage promotions.
We use information to communicate with you for transactional purposes.
We might also contact you about this Policy or our Terms. We may also contact you if you have won a prize or promotion.
We use information for security purposes.
We use your information to protect our company and our customers. We also use your information to protect our sites and apps. We use your information to prevent, discover and investigate violations of our Policy or Terms.
We use Stripe for identity document verification.
Stripe collects identity document images, facial images, ID numbers and addresses as well as advanced fraud signals and information about the devices that connect to its services. Stripe shares this information with us and also uses this information to operate and improve the services it provides, including for fraud detection. You may also choose to allow Stripe to use your data to improve Stripe’s biometric verification technology. You can learn more about Stripe and read its privacy policy at https://stripe.com/privacy.
We use information as otherwise permitted by law or as we may notify you.
If you are in Europe we process your information for different purposes.
Our basis for processing your information is typically to perform a contract. Performance of a contract includes responding to your requests. We also process information based on consent or for our legitimate interests.
5. We Combine Information.
We combine information that we have collected offline with information we collect online. We combine information that we have collected across other third party sites. We combine information collected across devices, such as computers and mobile devices. We also combine information we get from third parties with information we already have.
6. We May Share and/or Sell Your Information To Third Parties.
We share information with third parties who perform services on our behalf.
We may share your personal information with trusted third parties. These include companies who serve as our vendors and help us deliver products or services to you.
We may share and/or sell your information to our business partners.
We may share and/or sell your information to third parties including without limitation information entered into our apps and sites. These third parties may use this information to send you marketing information or track your purchases. We may share and/or sell your information to third parties whose products and services we think may be of interest to you, such as educational institutions; financial companies; retailers who sell a wide range of products and services to consumers; direct marketing companies; or nonprofit organizations. These third parties may be domestic or international.
We will share information if we think we have to in order to comply with the law or to protect you or ourselves.
We will share information to respond to a court order or subpoena. We will also share information if a government agency or investigatory body requests it. This includes U.S. and non-U.S. law enforcement or regulatory authorities.
We may share information if we are investigating potential fraud.
We may share information with a successor to all or part of our business, as permitted by law.
If part of our business is sold, we may include customer information as part of that transaction. Where legally required, we will give you prior notice and if you have the legal right to do so, allow you to object.
We may share information for other reasons we may describe to you.
7. You Have Certain Choices About How We Use Your Information.
You can opt out of certain marketing.
To stop receiving our marketing communications please email us at
hello@roomiapp.com
or follow the instructions in any message you get from us.
You may also opt out by contacting us at:
Roomi, Inc.
1887 Whitney Mesa Dr
Henderson, NV 89014 US
If you opt out of marketing emails you will continue to receive messages from us about your relationship with us where permitted by law.
You can restrict how we share information with third parties.
If you do not want us to share information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes, you can contact us at the email or address listed at the end of this Policy. Please mark your inquiries "Third-Party Marketing Opt-Out.".
You can access or update your information.
You can access and correct your information by logging in to your account and editing it. You can also contact us at
hello@roomiapp.com
. If you are in Europe you also have the right to restrict our processing in certain circumstances. If you are in Europe you also have the right to get a copy of your information to take to another company.
You may request that we delete your information.
In certain circumstances, you may request that we delete your information. Please contact us at
hello@roomiapp.com
to request deletion of your information.
8. Our Sites and Apps Are Not Intended for Children
Our sites are meant for adults. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If you are a parent or legal guardian and think your child under 13 has given us information, you can contact us at the email or address listed at the end of this Privacy Policy. Please mark your inquiries “COPPA Information Request.”
Parents can learn more about how to protect children's privacy on-line
here
.
9. We Use Standard Security Measures
We use appropriate and reasonable security measures as required by relevant law. The Internet is not 100% secure. We cannot promise you that your use of our sites and apps will be completely safe. We encourage you to use caution when using the internet.
We keep information for as long as necessary or relevant for the purposes described here. We also keep information as otherwise required by law.
10. We May Link to Other Sites or Have Third Party Services We Don’t Control
We may link to third-party sites. Our sites and apps may also include third party content that collects information. We do not control these third parties. This Policy does not apply to the privacy practices of that website. Please read the privacy policy of other websites carefully. We are not responsible for the practices of these third-party sites.
11. We May Store and Use Information Inside the United States
Information we collect may be stored and processed in the United States. If you live outside of the United States, you understand and agree that we may transfer your information to the United States. The United States may not afford the same level of protection as the laws in your country. By submitting your information you agree to the processing of it in the U.S. as permitted by law.
12. Your California Privacy Rights
If you reside in California, you have the right to ask us one time each year if we have shared personal information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make a request, please send us an email, or write to us at the address listed below.
13. You Can Contact Us About This Policy and Your Information
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our data practices, you may contact our Data Protection Officer at
dpo@roomiapp.com
. You can also write or call us at:
Roomi, Inc.
ATTN: Data Protection Officer
1887 Whitney Mesa Dr
Henderson, NV 89014 US
If you are in Europe, complaints about our privacy practices may be directed to your local Data Protection Authority.
14. We May Update This Policy
From time to time we may change our privacy practices. When we do, we will notify you of any material changes as required by law. We will also post an updated copy on our sites and apps. Please check our sites and apps periodically for updates.
Rooms
Roommates
Log in
Sign up