You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Privacy Policy
1. Preamble
Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, otherwise known as the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), sets out the legal framework applicable to the processing of personal data.
The GDPR strengthens the rights and obligations of data controllers, processors, data subjects and recipients.
In the case of our business, we process personal data.
For a proper understanding of this policy, it is specified that:
‘data controller’: CHEERZ;
‘processor’: means any natural or legal person that processes personal data on behalf of CHEERZ;
‘data subjects’: means CHEERZ’s customers and/or prospects;
‘recipients’: means natural or legal persons that receive personal data from CHEERZ. Data recipients may therefore be both CHEERZ employees and external bodies (partners, exhibitors, bank, stakeholders, etc.).
Article 12 of the GDPR requires data subjects to be informed of their rights in a concise, transparent, understandable and easily accessible manner.
2. Purpose
The purpose of this policy is to meet the obligation to provide information incumbent on CHEERZ under Article 12 of the GDPR and to formalise the rights and obligations of CHEERZ’s customers and prospects with regard to the processing of their personal data.
3. Scope
This policy is intended to apply to the implementation of all processing of personal data relating to customers and/or prospects.
CHEERZ makes every effort to ensure that data is processed within the framework of precise internal governance. That said, this policy only covers processing for which CHEERZ is the data controller and does not therefore cover processing created or used outside the governance rules set by CHEERZ (so-called ‘wild’ or shadow IT processing).
The processing of personal data may be managed directly by CHEERZ or through a processor specifically appointed by CHEERZ.
This policy is independent of any other document that may apply within the contractual relationship between CHEERZ and customers and prospects.
4. General Principles & Data Collection
No processing is carried out at CHEERZ concerning customer and prospect data if it does not concern personal data collected by or for our services or processed in relation to our services and if it does not comply with the general principles of the GDPR.
The use cases of CHEERZ are as follows:
Games and competitions:
Any fun initiatives, whether or not intended to give CHEERZ customers or prospects the opportunity to win a prize. Generally, the data collected are those necessary for identifying participants and awarding winnings or prizes.
Push media:
Any commercial and commercial follow-up actions.
Prospecting, generally by email, SMS, telephone, etc. Data are collected on an opt-in or opt-out basis according to the use case.
Events:
Physical events organised by CHEERZ or which CHEERZ takes part in or sponsors.
Data are generally collected when registering for the event (directly or via a partner) or during the event itself (newsletter, questionnaire, business card, dedicated mobile applications, etc.).
Social media
All social selling operations.
These include in particular the collection of data related to registrations, posts, likes, replies and forwards, comments, opinions, etc.
This list is intended to be as exhaustive as possible. Customers and prospects will be informed of any new use, modification or deletion of existing processing by an amendment of this policy.
At any time, you can
change your cookie preferences here
5. Types of Data Collected
Non-technical data (depending on the use case) :
Identification (first name, surname, alias, etc.)
Photos
Personal/professional life where necessary
Bank data
Date of birth
Technical data (depending on the use case) :
Identification data (IP)
Connection data (particularly logs)
Acceptance data (click)
Location data
6. Origin of Data
Data relating to our customers or prospects are generally collected directly from them (direct collection).
Data collection may also be indirect:
via specialised companies or via CHEERZ partners and suppliers. In this case, CHEERZ takes the utmost care to ensure the quality of the data communicated to it;
via other CHEERZ customers (for example, the sharing of a photo gallery by a customer following an event, the sending of a CHEERZ product by a customer to a third party, etc.);
via sponsorship. In this case, the sponsor ensures they can provide us with the person’s data.
7. Purposes and Legal Grounds
Depending on the case, CHEERZ processes your data for the following purposes:
customer relationship management (CRM);
prospect relationship management (PRM);
community management;
subscription to services;
online purchasing;
management of unregister and unsubscribe requests;
management of reports of behaviour contrary to this policy;
data retention pursuant to legal security obligations;
service improvement and satisfaction survey;
behavioural analysis and targeting;
statistics;
sales prospecting (sending newsletters, creating promotional offers, for example: promotional codes for birthdays etc.)
These purposes are based on CHEERZ’s legitimate interest in possessing data concerning its customers and prospects.
Where necessary, CHEERZ obtains the consent of the individuals concerned.
8. Data Recipients – Authorisation & Traceability
CHEERZ ensures that the data are only accessible to authorised internal or external recipients and prohibits the sale of user data.
Internal recipients:
authorised staff in the marketing, sales, customer relations and prospecting departments, administrative departments, logistics and IT departments and their line managers;
authorised staff in the control departments (statutory auditors, departments responsible for internal control procedures, etc.);
authorised personnel of subcontractors.
External recipients:
partners, external companies or subsidiaries in the same group of companies;
organisations, legal officials and professional officers, in the context of their debt collection responsibilities;
the body responsible for managing the list of objections to telephone prospecting;
authorised personnel of subcontractors.
the financial service providers we work with such as:
Paypal: further information can be found in the
privacy policy
from Paypal
Apple Pay: further information can be found in the
privacy policy
from Apple Pay
Recipients of the personal data of customers and prospects within CHEERZ are subject to a confidentiality obligation.
CHEERZ decides which recipient may have access to which data according to an authorisation policy.
All access concerning processing relating to the personal data of customers and prospects is subject to a traceability measure.
Furthermore, personal data may be communicated to any authority legally authorised to know it. In this case, CHEERZ is not responsible for the conditions under which the personnel of these authorities have access to and use the data.
9. Retention Period
The retention period for data is defined by CHEERZ with regard to the legal and contractual constraints incumbent on it.
After such time, the data are either deleted or stored after being anonymised, in particular for statistical purposes. They may be stored in the event of pre-litigation or litigation.
Customers and prospects are reminded that deletion and anonymisation are irreversible operations and that CHEERZ is not able to subsequently restore them.
10. Right of Confirmation and Right of Access
Customers and prospects have the right to ask CHEERZ for confirmation whether data about them are processed or not.
Customers and prospects also have a right of access, which is conditional on compliance with the following rules:
the request must be made by the person himself/herself and be accompanied by a copy of an up-to-date identity document;
the request must be submitted in writing to the following address: 7 rue de Bucarest, 75008 Paris, or to the email address
dataprotection@cheerz.com
.
Customers and prospects have the right to ask CHEERZ for a copy of their personal data subject to processing. CHEERZ may, however, require that customers and prospects bear the financial cost in the event of a request for an additional copy.
If customers and prospects submit their request for a copy of the data electronically, the information requested will be provided to them in a standard electronic format, unless requested otherwise.
Customers and prospects are informed that this right of access does not apply to confidential information or data or for which the law does not authorise communication.
The right of access must not be exercised improperly, i.e. used regularly for the sole purpose of destabilising the service concerned.
11. Updates – Updating and Rectification
CHEERZ processes requests for updates:
automatically for online changes to fields that technically or legally can be updated;
upon written request from the data subject himself/herself, who must prove his or her identity.
12. Right to Erasure
The right to erasure of customers and prospects will not apply in cases where the processing is implemented to meet a legal obligation.
Apart from this situation, customers and prospects may request the erasure of their data in the following cases only:
the personal data are no longer necessary for the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed;
where the data subject withdraws the consent on which the processing is based and there is no other legal basis for the processing;
the data subject objects to processing necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by CHEERZ and there is no compelling legitimate reason for the processing;
the data subject objects to the processing of his or her personal data for prospecting purposes, including profiling;
the personal data have been subject to unlawful processing.
In accordance with the legislation on the protection of personal data, customers and prospects are informed that this is an individual right that can only be exercised by the data subject in relation to his or her own information: for security reasons, the department concerned must therefore verify your identity in order to avoid any transmission of confidential information concerning you to someone other than you.
13. Right to Restriction
Customers and prospects are informed that this right has no cause to apply insofar as the processing carried out by CHEERZ is lawful and that all personal data collected are necessary for the performance of the commercial contract.
14. Right to Portability
CHEERZ grants data portability in the specific case of data transmitted by customers or prospects themselves, via online services offered by CHEERZ itself and for purposes based solely on data subjects’ consent. In this case, the data will be communicated in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format.
15. Automated individual decision-making
CHEERZ does not make automated individual decisions.
16. Post-mortem Rights
Customers and prospects are informed that they have the right to give instructions concerning the storage, erasure and transmission of their data after their death. Specific post-mortem instructions and the exercise of their rights must be notified by email to
dataprotection@cheerz.com
or by post to the following address: 7 rue de Bucarest, 75008 Paris, accompanied by a copy of a signed identity document.
17. Optional or Mandatory Responses
Customers and prospects are informed on each personal data collection form of the mandatory or optional nature of the responses by the presence of an asterisk.
If responses are mandatory, CHEERZ explains to customers and prospects the consequences of not responding.
18. Right of Use
Customers and prospects grant CHEERZ the right to use and process their personal data for the purposes set out above.
However, enriched data resulting from CHEERZ’s processing and analysis work, otherwise known as enriched data, remain the exclusive property of CHEERZ (usage analysis, statistics, etc.).
19. Subcontracting
CHEERZ informs its customers and prospects that it may involve any processor of its choice in the processing of their personal data.
In this case, CHEERZ ensures that the processor complies with its obligations under the GDPR.
CHEERZ undertakes to sign a written contract with all its processors and imposes the same data protection obligations on processors as on itself. CHEERZ furthermore reserves the right to audit its processors to ensure compliance with the provisions of the GDPR.
20. Security
CHEERZ is responsible for defining and implementing the technical, physical and logical security measures that it considers appropriate to combat accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration or unauthorised disclosure of data.
These measures mainly include:
management of data access authorisations;
the use of a protocol or security solutions.
21. Data Breaches
In the event of a personal data breach, CHEERZ undertakes to notify the CNIL (French data protection authority) under the conditions laid down by the GDPR.
If said breach poses a high risk to customers and prospects and the data has not been protected, CHEERZ:
will notify the customers and prospects concerned;
will transmit the necessary information and recommendations to the customers and prospects concerned.
22. Data Protection Officer
CHEERZ has appointed a data protection officer.
The contact details of the data protection officer are as follows:
Name: Dipeeo;
Email address:
dataprotection@cheerz.com
;
In the event of further processing of personal data, CHEERZ will first contact the data protection officer.
If customers and prospects wish to obtain specific information or ask a specific question, they may contact the data protection officer, who will respond in a timely manner with regard to the question asked or the required information.
In the event of a problem with the processing of personal data, customers and prospects may contact the designated data protection officer.
23. Processing Register
CHEERZ, as data controller, undertakes to keep an up-to-date register of all processing activities carried out.
This register is a document or application recording all processing operations carried out by CHEERZ, as data controller.
CHEERZ undertakes to provide the supervisory authority, upon first request, with the information enabling said authority to verify the compliance of processing operations with the data protection regulations in force.
24. Right to lodge a complaint with the CNIL
Customers and prospects concerned by the processing of their personal data are informed of their right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, namely the CNIL in France, if the latter considers that the processing of personal data concerning them does not comply with European data protection regulations, at the following address:
CNIL – Complaints Department
3 Place de Fontenoy - TSA 80715 - 75334 PARIS CEDEX 07
Tel.:
+33 01 53 73 22 22
25. Amendments
This policy may be amended or adapted at any time in the event of changes to the law, the position adopted by the courts, the decisions and recommendations of the CNIL or customary practice.
Any new version of this policy will be brought to the attention of customers and contacts by any means defined by CHEERZ, including by electronic means (for example by email or online publication).
26. For More Information
For any additional information, please contact the following services:
dataprotection@cheerz.com
For any other more general information on the protection of personal data, please consult the CNIL website
www.cnil.fr
.