Privacy Policy
Hi provides you with many different ways to use our services when you create a Hi Account. Our Privacy Policy describes Hi's policies on how we collect, use and disclose user information. When you create an account, Hi may receive your information through our web site, SMS, APIs, applications  and third-parties ("Services"). As an example, you can send us information when you use Hi from our web site, create new posts or receive Hi messages via SMS or access Hi from an application. When you use any of our Services you are agreeing and consent to the collection, transfer,   storage, disclosure and other uses of your information as described in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy shall apply to your account irrespective of which country that you reside in or create information from, your information may be used by Hi in the United States or any other country where Hi operates. If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at
privacy@hiapponline.com
.
Information we collect:
In order to provide the best user experience we collect information from users on a voluntary basis for the Hi Platform.  When you create or modify a Hi account, you may provide some personal information, such as your name, screen name, password, and email address. Some of this information, for example, your name and/or username, can be enabled publicly on our Services by you, including on your profile page and in search results. You are not required to provide your real name when creating a Hi Account. Using your real name is completely voluntary and at the discretion of the user.  You are able to use some services such as search, public user profiles and viewing lists without registering or providing personal information.
You may at your election provide us with additional information to make public for viewing. You may add such information as a cell phone number for the delivery of SMS messages or your information associated with other social networks so that we can help you find Hi users you know. On occasion, we may use your contact information to send you information about our services or to market to you. You will have the ability to unsubscribe from these messages by following the instructions contained within the messages or the instructions on our web site. In the event you choose to send us email, we may keep your message, email address and contact information in order to respond to your request.
Hi Messaging, Groups, Following, Lists and other Public Information:
When using the Hi service information you provide to us is information you understand will possibly be made public depending on your choices. This includes not only the messages you send and receive (and the associated metadata) but also the groups you create, the people you add and follow and other information you post to the service. By default we make the information you provide public (with the exception of your real name) but we generally give you settings to make the information more private if you want. You should be aware that information on Hi will be widely available.
You will have the option to show your location in your Hi profile. If you elect to show your location, we may from time to time also save exact coordinates to help improve our service. You can control your location information settings in your account settings.
When you use our services, we may automatically collect and store certain information in our server logs. This may include details of how you used our service, such as your search queries, telephone and messaging log information such as your phone number, SMS routing information and types of calls, your Internet Protocol (IP) address, device event information such as crashes, system activity and hardware settings and type, and cookies that may uniquely identify your browser or your Hi Profile. Hi may also keep track of how you interact with links on the Hi Platform including third party services and clients by redirecting clicks or through other means.
With your consent, we may share or disclose your information such as when you use a third party web client or application to access your Hi account. We also engage certain trusted third parties to perform functions and provide services to us. We may share your personal information with these third parties, but only to the extent necessary to perform these functions and provide such services, and only pursuant to obligations mirroring the protections of this privacy policy. We may preserve or disclose your information if we believe that it is reasonably necessary to comply with a law, regulation or legal request; to protect the safety of any person; to address fraud, security or technical issues; or to protect Hi's rights or property.
Our Policy towards Children
Our Services are not directed to people younger than 13. If you become aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us at privacy@hiapponline.com. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we take steps to remove such information and terminate the account.
Safe Harbor Certification
Hi Technology, Inc. complies with the U.S. - EU Safe Harbor framework and the U.S. – Swiss Safe Harbor framework as set forth by the Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal data from the European Union member countries and Switzerland. Hi Technology, Inc. has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement. To learn more about the Safe Harbor program, and to view Hi's certification, please visit http://www.export.gov/safeharbor.
Changes to this Policy
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. The most current version of the policy will govern our use of your information and will always be at http://www.hiapponline.com/policy.php. If we make a change to this policy that, in our sole discretion, is material, we will notify you via an @Hi update or e-mail to the email associated with your account. By continuing to access or use the Services after those changes become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy.
Effective: May 15, 2012