Consent
Details
[#IABV2SETTINGS#]
About
This website uses cookies
We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services. You consent to our cookies if you continue to use our website.
Consent Selection
Necessary
Preferences
Statistics
Marketing
Show details
Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies.
Cookiebot
2
Learn more about this provider
1.gif
Used to count the number of sessions to the website, necessary for optimizing CMP product delivery.
CookieConsent
Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain
Google
1
Learn more about this provider
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
test_cookie
Pending
LinkedIn
1
Learn more about this provider
li_gc
Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain
hsadspixel.net
hs-banner.com
t.co
vimeo.com
10
__cf_bm [x10]
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website.
hsforms.com
vimeo.com
3
_cfuvid [x3]
This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators.
lb.prod.equally.ai
2
AWSALB
Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience.
AWSALBCORS
Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience.
widget.equally.ai
1
cookietest
This cookie is used to determine if the visitor has accepted the cookie consent box.
wildlifeacoustics.com
2
wildlife_admin
Stores user login privileges
wildlife_login
Stores user login credentials
www.wildlifeacoustics.com
2
CRAFT_CSRF_TOKEN
Ensures visitor browsing-security by preventing cross-site request forgery. This cookie is essential for the security of the website and visitor.
CraftSessionId
Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes.
Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in.
wildlifeacoustics.com
1
wildlife_captcha
Remembers user is not a robot after solving captcha
Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously.
Google
5
Learn more about this provider
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
collect
Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
_ga
Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.
_ga_#
Used by Google Analytics to collect data on the number of times a user has visited the website as well as dates for the first and most recent visit.
_gat
Used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate
_gid
Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.
Hotjar
3
Learn more about this provider
_hjSession_#
Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read.
_hjSessionUser_#
Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read.
_hjTLDTest
Detects the SEO-ranking for the current website. This service is part of a third-party statistics and analysis service.
Hubspot
4
Learn more about this provider
__hssc
Identifies if the cookie data needs to be updated in the visitor's browser.
__hssrc
Used to recognise the visitor's browser upon reentry on the website.
__hstc
Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes.
hubspotutk
Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes.
Matomo
3
Learn more about this provider
_pk_id#
Collects statistics on the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read.
_pk_ref#
Used by Piwik Analytics Platform to identify the referring website from which the visitor has come.
_pk_ses#
Used by Piwik Analytics Platform to track page requests from the visitor during the session.
Twitter Inc.
1
Learn more about this provider
personalization_id
This cookie is set by Twitter - The cookie allows the visitor to share content from the website onto their Twitter profile.
Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers.
Google
3
Learn more about this provider
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
NID
Registers a unique ID that identifies a returning user's device. The ID is used for targeted ads.
pagead/1p-user-list/#
Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites.
_gcl_au
Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services.
Hubspot
1
Learn more about this provider
__ptq.gif
Sends data to the marketing platform Hubspot about the visitor's device and behaviour. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
LinkedIn
2
Learn more about this provider
bcookie
Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services.
lidc
Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services.
Smartlook
1
Learn more about this provider
SL_L_23361dd035530_SID
Collects statistical data related to the user's website visits, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded. The purpose is to segment the website's users according to factors such as demographics and geographical location, in order to enable media and marketing agencies to structure and understand their target groups to enable customised online advertising.
Twitter Inc.
3
Learn more about this provider
i/adsct [x2]
The cookie is used by Twitter.com in order to determine the number of visitors accessing the website through Twitter advertisement content.
muc_ads
Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant.
YouTube
33
Learn more about this provider
#-# [x2]
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
iU5q-!O9@[#COOKIETABLE_ADVERTISING#]nbsp;[x2]
Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen.
LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY [x2]
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
nextId
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
requests
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
yt.innertube::nextId
Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen.
ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY [x2]
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
YtIdbMeta#databases [x2]
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
yt-remote-cast-available [x2]
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-cast-installed [x2]
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-connected-devices [x2]
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-device-id [x2]
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-fast-check-period [x2]
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-session-app [x2]
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-session-name [x2]
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
__Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN
Pending
LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
remote_sid
Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website.
TESTCOOKIESENABLED
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE
Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos.
YSC
Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen.
edge.fullstory.com
1
_fs_tab_id
Tracks the individual sessions on the website, allowing the website to compile statistical data from multiple visits. This data can also be used to create leads for marketing purposes.
Unclassified
2
Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies.
widget.equally.ai
1
equally.ai-tdJ9CzjEweFvLy7Stk9s
Pending
www.wildlifeacoustics.com
1
smartlook_internal_db#assets
Pending
Cross-domain consent
[#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS_COUNT#]
[#BULK_CONSENT_TITLE#]
List of domains your consent applies to:
[#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS#]
Cookie declaration last updated on 2/23/25 by
Cookiebot
[#IABV2_TITLE#]
[#IABV2_BODY_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_LEGITIMATE_INTEREST_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PREFERENCE_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_PURPOSES#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_FEATURES#]
[#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_PARTNERS#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS#]
Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user's experience more efficient.
The law states that we can store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site. For all other types of cookies we need your permission.
This site uses different types of cookies. Some cookies are placed by third party services that appear on our pages.
You can at any time change or withdraw your consent from the Cookie Declaration on our website.
Learn more about who we are, how you can contact us and how we process personal data in our Privacy Policy.
Please state your consent ID and date when you contact us regarding your consent.
Do not sell or share my personal information
Use necessary cookies only
Allow selection
Customize
Allow all cookies
Updated: November 7, 2022
PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY TO UNDERSTAND HOW WE HANDLE YOUR INFORMATION. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT USE THE SERVICES. IF YOU HAVE PURCHASED SERVICES SUBJECT TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DISCONTINUE THE SET-UP OF YOUR SERVICES AND CONTACT WAI USING THE CONTACT INFORMATION BELOW.
This Privacy Policy describes how Wildlife Acoustics, Inc. ("WAI", "we" or "our") handles personal information provided by users ("Users") of WAI's software ("Software") and services ("Services"), which include its website at wildlifeacoustics.com and associated online services, applications, hosting, platforms, and connections, ("Web Sites"). By using the Software or Services, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
WAI is committed to respecting your privacy. If you have any questions or concerns, please
contact us
. We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time by posting a revised version at this link. The revised version will be effective at the time we post it, unless otherwise stated.
What information do we collect?
WAI collects three types of information: (1) information that Users intentionally provide to WAI directly or through its website, email, newsletter, or survey; (2) information about Users that third parties provide to WAI to augment or verify that information; and (3) information automatically provided by Users as they interact with WAI's Software or Services. Information that can be used to identify, contact, or locate a User is personally identifiable information ("Personal Information") and includes any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person, an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person.
The specific types of Personal Information we collect will depend upon the Software or Services you use, how you use them, and the information you choose to provide. The types of data we collect directly from you includes:
Name, address, telephone number and email address (and company name, address, contact information, and other entity information if you are a business entity or other organization)
Log-in credentials, if you create an account
Billing information, such as shipping address, ACH payment, credit or debit card number, verification number, and expiration date
Information about purchases or other transactions with us
Information about your customer service and maintenance interactions with us
Information you choose to attribute in connection with your devices (e.g., the name of the files or data you upload in a WAI application and share with other users or the name you have given for the device connected to WAI's)
Demographic information such as your age, location or gender
User-generated content you post in public online forums
Any other information you choose to directly provide to WAI in connection with your use of the Software or Services.
Personal Information does not include aggregated information that, by itself, does not permit the identification of individual persons. For example, statistics about the use of our Websites (such as how many persons visited our site last month) is not Personal Information.
WAI collects Personal Information from you through:
Your communications and dealings with us (including on our websites, in stores, at special events, over the phone, on third-party social media sites, and by mail or email)
The Services that you use and uploads or posts to the Services
Processing your orders
Requests for customer support and technical assistance
Account and product registration and administration of your account
Any reviews that you submit about the Services and WAI products
Requests or questions you submit to us via forms or email
Your participation in sweepstakes, contests, or research
Employment applications
Accounts.
Some of our products and features will allow you or require you to create an account and establish a WAI profile or identification number ("ID"). This ID may allow you to sign into a range of WAI Services. It also enables WAI to consolidate information collected across a range of WAI products and services, which helps us provide you with a more seamless experience across our Services.When you use our Services, we collect certain information as described below. We and our service providers (which are third party companies that work on our behalf), may use a variety of technologies, including cookies and similar tools, to assist in collecting this information.
Websites.
When you use our Websites, we collect and analyze information such as your IP address, browser types, browser language, operating system, the state or country from which you accessed the Services, software and hardware attributes (including device IDs) referring and exit pages and URLs, platform type, the number of clicks, files you download, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed and the order of those pages, the amount of time spent on particular pages, the terms you use in searches on our sites, the date and time you used the Services and upload or post content, error logs, and other similar information.
Connected WAI Products.
If you connect your WAI product (such as detectors or recorders) to the Internet or to a WAI software or application, we may automatically receive information from the WAI product about how you use the product. Such information includes:
Device-specific information (such as your hardware, operating system, unique device identifiers, firmware version, IP address, SSIDs, durations, Internet connection type and carrier, network information, and unique identifiers associated with the device used in connection with the WAI product.
Device event information such as crashes, system activity, hardware settings, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request and referral URL.
Server logs with details of how you used our Software or Service.
Usage data, such as time spent using different features/settings of the product, the day and time you used the product, the media and other external sources to which you connect your product, and, as applicable, time zone, and transactional data enabling digital rights management (e.g., for licensing).
Statistical information, diagnostic data, quality of the wireless connection, and error logs.
WAI Software and Mobile Applications.
Our software "calls home" on launch to verify licenses and provide statistical information about usage. When you use a WAI mobile application or software, we automatically receive certain information about the mobile phone, tablet, or computer used to access the application or software, including a mobile device identifier, IP address, operating system, version, Internet service provider, browser type, domain name and other similar information, whether and when you update the app and your connected WAI products, date and time of use, and how you use the app, including time spent in different portions of the application, content accessed or downloaded, and list of systems and software applications.
Information We Collect from Others.
WAI may receive additional information such as demographic and statistical information from third parties, such as business partners, marketers, researchers, analysts, and other parties that we may attribute to you based on your assignment to certain statistical groups. We use this information to supplement the information that we collect directly from you in order to derive your possible interests and to provide more relevant experiences for you with the WAI brand and improve WAI's products, analytics, and advertising.
How do we use Personal Information?
We, or our service providers, use your information (including any Personal Information that we collect, as described in this Privacy Policy) for various purposes depending on the types of information we have collected from and about you and the specific Services you use, in order to:
Complete a purchase or provide the Services you have requested, including invoicing, order status, and accounting
Respond to your request for information and provide you with more effective and efficient customer service
Provide you with updates and information about products you have purchased from us
Contact you by email, postal mail, or phone regarding WAI and third-party products, services, surveys, research studies, promotions, special events and other subjects that we think may be of interest to you
Customize the content we provide on the Software or Services
Help us better understand your interests and needs, and improve the Software or Services
Synthesize and derive insights from your use of different Software or Services
Engage in analysis, research, and reports regarding use of our Software or Services
Provide, manage, and improve the Software or Services and their performance, and test and create new products, features, and services
Secure our websites, products, servers, software, or applications
Understand and resolve software crashes and other issues being reported
Comply with any procedures, laws, and regulations which apply to us where it is necessary for our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of others
Establish, exercise, or defend our legal rights where it is necessary for our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of others
otherwise conduct business with you, and for administrative purposes (such as to notify you about changes to this Privacy Policy).
You may contact us to request a change to your Personal Information or your preferences regarding what types of communications you would like to receive from us. For example, in emails we send you, we generally provide a method for you to unsubscribe from future emails. When you place an order for our products, we collect the information needed to process your order. This may include your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, ACH payment and credit card information. We may also collect your IP address as part of a credit card fraud protection capability. We may use the ship-to e-mail address to send software license keys that you purchase.
We may use the bill-to e-mail address to send receipts and updates about the status of your order. We may also use your e-mail address and telephone number if we need to contact you in the event that there is a problem with your order. After your order is fulfilled, we may archive this information (including third party information) for our financial records and to facilitate the warranty and support of products purchased.
When you choose to be added to our mailing list, we collect your e-mail address, and may collect additional information that you choose to provide. We may use this information to gather statistics about our customers, and to keep you informed about new products, special offers, and general news about the company.
If you install any of our software products, an update notification may periodically check our servers via the Internet for updates to the software. If an update is available, you may be prompted to download and install that update from our website. In addition, the software may contact our servers to verify your license. We may use this information to validate your license and to improve the software and/or the updating process.
For the purposes discussed in this Privacy Policy, we may combine the information that we collect through the Software or Services with information that we receive from other sources, both online and offline, and use such combined information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
We may aggregate and/or anonymize any information collected through the Services so that such information can no longer be linked to you or your device ("Aggregate/Anonymous Information"). We may use Aggregate/Anonymous Information for any purpose, including without limitation for research and marketing purposes, and may also share such data with any third parties, including advertisers, promotional partners, and sponsors.
Legal bases for use of Personal Information
The legal bases for using your Personal Information as set out in this Privacy Policy are as follows:
Where use of your Personal Information is necessary to perform our obligations under a contract with you (for example, to provide our Services, fulfill an order, comply with terms of sale or website terms of use which you accept by browsing our Websites or creating an account); or
Where use of your information is necessary for our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of others (for example, to provide security for our Websites, products, software, or applications; operate our business and our Services; ensure safe environments for our staff and visitors; make and receive payments; comply with legal requirements and defend our legal rights; prevent fraud and to know the customer to whom we are providing Software or Services).
What tracking technologies do we use?
When you use our website, the servers (which may be hosted by a third party service provider) may collect information indirectly and automatically (through, for example, the use of "cookies" or your "IP address") about your activities while visiting the site, including the web page that you just came from (whether that web page is on our site or not), which web page you go to next (whether that web page is on our site or not), and information about the browser you are using.
Cookies are small pieces of information stored on your hard drive, not on our website. Cookies allow us to better understand how users use our website, which in turn helps us focus our resources on features that are most popular with our users. You are always free to decline our cookies if your browser permits, but in that case, some portions of our website may not operate properly. Some of our web pages are hosted by a third party service provider. It is possible that 3rd party cookies will also be served to your browser.
We, along with third parties, also may use technologies called beacons (or "pixels") that communicate information from your device to a server. Beacons can be embedded in online content, videos, and emails, and can allow a server to read certain types of information from your device, know when you have viewed particular content or a particular email message, determine the time and date on which you viewed the beacon, and the IP address of your device. We and third parties use beacons for a variety of purposes, including to analyze the use of our Services and (in conjunction with cookies) to provide content and ads that are more relevant to you.
We, along with third parties, may use other kinds of technologies, such as Local Shared Objects (also referred to as "Flash cookies") and HTML5 local storage, in connection with our Services. We also may use unique identifiers associated with your device, such as mobile ad identifiers. These technologies are similar to the cookies discussed above in that they are stored on your device and can be used to store certain information about your activities and preferences. However, these technologies may make use of different parts of your device from standard cookies, and so you might not be able to control them using standard browser tools and settings. For HTML5 local storage, the method for disabling HTML5 will vary depending on your browser. For Flash cookies, information about disabling or deleting information contained in Flash cookies can be found here.
We may receive additional information about you or your Users, such as IP addresses and location, from third party hosting services. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the Internet. In some cases your IP address stays the same from browser session to browser session, but if you use a consumer Internet access provider, your IP address probably varies from session to session.
We may use third-party web analytics services (such as those of Google Analytics) on our Services to collect and analyze usage information through cookies and similar tools; engage in auditing, research, or reporting; assist with fraud prevention; and provide certain features to you. To prevent Google Analytics from using your information for analytics, you may install the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on by
clicking here
.
If you receive email from us, we may use certain analytics tools, such as clear GIFs to capture data such as when you open our message or click on any links or banners our email contains. This data allows us to gauge the effectiveness of our communications and marketing campaigns.
Do Not Track ("DNT") is a privacy preference that users can set in certain web browsers. We are committed to providing you with meaningful choices about the information collected on our website for third party purposes, and that is why we provide the variety of opt-out mechanisms listed below. However, we do not currently recognize or respond to browser-initiated DNT signals. To learn more about Do Not Track, you can do so
here
.
How is children's privacy protected?
WAI does not sell products for purchase by children. We sell children's products for purchase by adults. If you are under 18, you may use WAI's Services or Software only with the involvement of a parent or guardian. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 without the consent of the child's parent or guardian. If we become aware that we have collected "personal information" (as defined by the United States Children's Online Privacy Protection Act) from children under the age of 13 without legally-valid parental consent, we will take reasonable steps to delete it as soon as possible. We do not knowingly process data of EU residents under the age of 16 without parental consent. If we become aware that we have collected data from an EU resident under the age of 16 without parental consent, we will take reasonable steps to delete it as soon as possible. We also comply with other age restrictions and requirements in accordance with applicable local laws.
What 3rd parties have access to information?
Service Providers.
We provide access to or share your information with select third parties who perform services on our behalf. They have access to perform these services but are prohibited from using your information for other purposes. They provide a variety of services to us, including billing, sales, marketing, product content and features (e.g., voice activation/recognition services), advertising, analytics, research, customer service, shipping and fulfillment, data storage, security, fraud prevention, payment processing, and legal services.When processing orders, we forward information to our financial institution for credit payment and credit card processing and fraud detection using a gateway provided by our on-line security partner, Authorize.net. We may also forward information to a 3rd party for shipping. Although we may disclose aggregated information about the use of our website, that information does not contain Personal Information. Except as outlined above, we do not disclose your Personal Information to third parties.
Affiliates and Subsidiaries.
We may share information we collect within the WAI family of companies (e.g, WAI's manufacturing, distribution, and product development companies) to deliver products and services to you, ensure a consistent level of service across our products and Services, and enhance our products, services, and your customer experience.If WAI becomes part of another organization (for example, through an acquisition or merger), that organization will possess the Personal Information collected by WAI and it will assume the rights and obligations regarding your Personal Information as described in this Privacy Policy.
Protection of WAI and Others.
By using the Software or Services, you acknowledge and agree that we may access, retain and disclose the information we collect and maintain about you if required to do so by law or in a good faith belief that such access, retention or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal process (e.g. a subpoena or court order); (b) enforce our Terms of Use, Terms of Sale, this Privacy Policy, or other contracts with you, including investigation of potential violations thereof; (c) respond to claims that any content violates the rights of third parties; (d) respond to your requests for customer service; and/or (e) protect the rights, property or personal safety of WAI, its agents and affiliates, its users and/or the public. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection, and spam/malware prevention, and similar purposes.
Business Transfers.
As we continue to develop our business, we may buy, merge, or partner with other companies. In such transactions, (including in contemplation of such transactions) user information may be among the transferred assets. If a portion or all of WAI's assets are sold or transferred to a third-party, customer information (including your email address) would likely be one of the transferred business assets. If such transfer is subject to additional mandatory restrictions under applicable laws, WAI will comply with such restrictions.
Public Forums.
Certain features of our Services make it possible for you to share comments publicly with other users. Any information that you submit through such features is not confidential, and WAI may use it for any purpose (including in testimonials or other marketing materials). For example, if you submit a product review on one of our sites, we may display your review (along with the name provided, if any) on other WAI websites and on third-party websites. Moreover, some of the Services may allow you to share information publicly with other users so that they may benefit from it (e.g. sharing the sound frequency of a music venue). Any information you post openly in these ways will be available to the public at large and potentially accessible through third-party search engines. Accordingly, please take care when using these features.
Aggregate/Anonymous Information.
From time to time, WAI may share Aggregate/Anonymous Information about use of the Services, such as by publishing a report on usage trends. The sharing of such data is unrestricted.
How long do we retain Personal Information?
We keep your information for no longer than necessary for the purposes for which it is acquired or processed. The length of time for which we retain information depends on the purposes for which we collected and use it and/or as required to comply with applicable laws.
Your rights to Personal Information
You have certain rights with respect to your Personal Information as further described in this section.
If you would like further information in relation to your legal rights under applicable law or would like to exercise any of them, please contact us using the information in the "WAI Contact Information" section below at any time. Your local laws may permit you to request that we:
provide access to and/or a copy of certain information we hold about you
prevent the processing of your information for direct-marketing purposes (including any direct marketing processing based on profiling)
update information which is out of date or incorrect
delete certain information which we are holding about you
restrict the way that we process and disclose certain of your information
transfer your information to a third party provider of services
revoke your consent for the processing of your information
We will consider all requests and provide our response within the time period stated by applicable law. Please note, however, that certain information may be exempt from such requests in some circumstances, which may include if we need to keep processing your information for our legitimate interests or to comply with a legal obligation. We may request you provide us with information necessary to confirm your identity before responding to your request.
You may instruct us not to use your contact information to contact you by email, postal mail, or phone regarding products, services, promotions and special events that might appeal to your interests by contacting us using the information below. In commercial email messages, you can also opt out by following the instructions located at the bottom of such emails. Please note that, regardless of your request, we may still use and share certain information as permitted by this Privacy Policy or as required by applicable law. For example, you may not opt out of certain operational emails, such as those reflecting our relationship or transactions with you.
How do you protect my privacy?
The security of your personal information is important to us. When you enter sensitive information (such as credit card numbers) on our order forms, we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL).
Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access to a WAI account, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.
WAI takes other technical and organizational security measures to protect your information against accidental or unlawful destruction or accidental loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access.
We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. As such, you acknowledge and accept that we cannot guarantee the security of your information transmitted to, through, or on our Services or via the Internet and that any such transmission is at your own risk.
If you have any questions about security on our Web site, you can contact us.
What about links to other websites?
WAI's Software or Services may contain links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such other websites. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of such websites prior to submitting your Personal Information on such websites.
Testimonials
We post customer testimonials on our web site which may contain personally identifiable information such as the customer's name. We do obtain the customer's consent, prior to posting, to use their name along with their testimonial.
How are changes made to this privacy policy?
We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our home page.
International Users
Information will also be shared and processed in the United States by WAI whose principal office in the United States is located at 3 Mill and Main Place, Suite 110, Maynard, MA 01754-2657. Your information will be processed in the United States for the purposes described herein. As described above, WAI also may subcontract the processing of your data to, or otherwise share your data with trusted service providers, and trusted business partners in countries other than your country of residence in accordance with applicable law. Such third parties may be engaged in, among other things, the provision of Services to you, the processing of transactions and/or the provision of support services. By providing us with your information, you acknowledge any such transfer, storage or use.
If we provide any information about you to any third party information processors, we will take appropriate measures to ensure such companies protect your information adequately in accordance with this Privacy Policy. These measures include signing standard contractual clauses in accordance with EU and other data protection laws to govern the transfers of such data.
While customers who are located in the EEA are customers of our US entity, we recognize and, to the extent applicable to us, adhere to relevant EEA data protection laws. As outlined above, we may collect Personal Information from Users located in the EEA. To facilitate the services we provide to customers located in the EEA, we request explicit consent for the transfer of Personal Information from the EEA to the US. If you are an individual located in the EEA and you decline to consent to such transfer, you will no longer be able to use our Software or Services that enable the transfer of Personal Information.
If you are a User who lives in Australia, this section applies to you. We are subject to the operation of the Privacy Act 1988 (
"Australian Privacy Act"
). Here are the specific points you should be aware of:
Where we say we assume an obligation about Personal Information, we are also requiring our subcontractors to undertake a similar obligation, where relevant.
We will not use or disclose Personal Information for the purpose of our direct marketing to you unless you have consented to receive direct marketing; you would reasonably expect us to use your personal details for the marketing; or we believe you may be interested in the material but it is impractical for us to obtain your consent. You may opt out of any marketing materials we send to you through an unsubscribe mechanism or by contacting us directly. If you have requested not to receive further direct marketing messages, we may continue to provide you with messages that are not regarded as ‘direct marketing’ under the Australian Privacy Act
or ‘unsolicited commercial electronic messages’ under the Australian Spam Act
, including changes to our terms, system alerts, and other information related to your account.
Our servers, which store and process Personal Information, are located in the United States. In addition, we or our subcontractors may use cloud technology to store or process Personal Information, which may result in storage of data outside Australia. It is not practicable for us to specify in advance which country will have jurisdiction over this type of offshore activity. All of our subcontractors, however, are required to comply with the Australian Privacy Act in relation to the transfer or storage of Personal Information overseas.
If you think the information we hold about you is inaccurate, out of date, incomplete, irrelevant, or misleading, we will take reasonable steps, consistent with our obligations under the Australian Privacy Act, to correct that information upon your request.
If you are unsatisfied with our response to a privacy matter then you may consult either an independent advisor or contact the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner for additional help. We will provide our full cooperation if you pursue this course of action.
For more information about these transfer mechanisms, please contact us as detailed in the "Contact Information" section below.
If applicable, you may make a complaint to the data protection supervisory authority in the country where you are based. Alternatively you may seek a remedy through local courts if you believe your rights have been breached.
California Privacy Rights
Under California Law, California residents have the right to request in writing from businesses with whom they have an established business relationship, (a) a list of the categories of Personal Information, such as name, email and mailing address and the type of services provided to the customer, that a business has disclosed to third parties (including affiliates that are separate legal entities) during the immediately preceding calendar year for the third parties' direct marketing purposes and (b) the names and addresses of all such third parties. To request the above information, please contact us by email telephone or postal mail provided below.
How do I access, change, update or remove my Personal Information?
If your Personal Information changes, or if you no longer desire our service, you may access, change, update, or delete it by contacting us by email, telephone, or postal mail.
In addition, you can
object to processing
of your Personal Information, ask us to
restrict processing
of your Personal Information or
request portability
of your Personal Information. Again, you can exercise these rights by
emailing us
.
Similarly, if we have collected and processed your Personal Information with your consent, then you can
withdraw your consent
at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your Personal Information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
You have the
right to complain to a data protection authority
about our collection and use of your Personal Information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority. Contact details for data protection authorities in the EEA are available
here
.
Contact information:
Data Protection Officer
Peter Mellor
Wildlife Acoustics, Inc.
3 Mill and Main Place, Suite 110
Maynard, MA 01754-2657
+1 978-369-5225