Privacy Policy
ALISA GAMING UK LIMITED (
"
us", "we" or "our"
) is committed to protecting the privacy of its users (
"users", "you" or "your"
).
We know that you care how information about you is used and shared.
This Privacy Policy explains what information of yours will be collected by ALISA GAMING UK LIMITED, how the information will be used, and how you can control the collection, correction and/or deletion of information you provide in connection with any ALISA GAMING UK LIMITED game or application (
"Service" or "Services"
).
We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy does not apply to information we collect by other means (including offline) or from other sources.
By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of your personal information as outlined in this Privacy Policy. ALISA GAMING UK LIMITED may amend the Privacy Policy at any time and we recommend that you consult the Privacy Policy regularly for changes.
If you do not want ALISA GAMING UK LIMITED to collect, store or use your information in the ways described in this Privacy Policy, you should not use its Service.
Emails, Marketing And Notifications
At present, we do not send offers, promotions, and/or information of interest to users email addresses for marketing.
Our Services may deliver notifications to your phone as part of its Service. This is set by third-party applications, such as Facebook or your phone's OS/iOS, and is not controlled by ALISA GAMING UK LIMITED or its Services. You can disable these notifications in your third-party application's/phone’s settings or by deleting the relevant Service. For more information contact us at support@alisagaming.com
Information We Collect
User-Provided Information
: If you access or connect to an ALISA GAMING UK LIMITED Service using a third-party application, you provide us with the information associated with the third-party application provider in accord with the application provider's terms of use.
Third-party application providers, such as Facebook and Google, control the information collected from you.
When you use any of our Services, we may or may not collect the following information shared by third-party applications:
Basic User information (this can include your full name, profile picture, gender, networks, user IDs, date of birth, list of friends and their user IDs, login email address)
Any other information you have set to public on your third-party application account
Information about your activities shared by the third-party application
Any other information provided by you or shared by the third-party application.
If you correspond with us by email, we may retain the content of your email messages, your email address and our responses. We may also retain any messages you send through the Service. You may provide us information in User Content that you post to the Service.
You may provide payment information to our third-party payment provider if you conduct paid transactions on the Service. We do not process any payment information and as such, this information is subject to the third-party payment provider’s privacy policy and not this Privacy Policy.
For more information about how third-party application/payment providers may disclose your information, including any information you make public, please consult the privacy policy of the third-party providers and/or partners.
Cookies Information
: When you use the Service, we may send one or more cookies – a small text file containing a string of alphanumeric characters – to your computer or mobile device that uniquely identifies your browser and lets ALISA GAMING UK LIMITED help you log in faster and enhance your navigation through the Service. A cookie may also convey anonymous information about how you use the Service to us. A cookie does not collect personal information about you. A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive after you close your browser. Persistent cookies may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the Service. Persistent cookies can be removed by following your web browser’s directions. A session cookie is temporary and disappears after you close your browser.
Third-party application providers, such as Google Analytics and Facebook, collect and store data for analytical purposes using cookies and may share this data with us.
You can reset your web browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some features of the Service may not function properly if the ability to accept cookies is disabled.
Log File Information
: Log file information is automatically reported by your browser each time you access a web page. When you use the Service, our servers automatically record certain information that your web browser sends whenever you visit any web page. These server logs may include information such as your web request, Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, referring / exit pages and URLs, number of clicks, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed, and other such information.
Clear Gifs Information
: When you use the Service, we may employ clear gifs (also known as web beacons) which are used to track the online usage patterns of our users anonymously. No personally identifiable information is collected using these clear gifs. In addition, we may also use clear gifs in HTML-based emails sent to our users to track which emails are opened by recipients. The information is used to enable more accurate reporting, improve the effectiveness of our marketing, and make ALISA GAMING UK LIMITED better for our users.
In the above circumstances, the following information may or may not be collected:
Device type and device IDs (such as manufacturer, unique device identifiers, device IMEI, Android ID, Advertising ID/Identifier for Advertisers)
Other device data (such as operating system/iOS, name of carrier, Internet Service Provider, connection type, device language, iOS device name, Internet Protocol address when accessing the Service)
Web browser type and language
Game data including the time and date of sessions when using the Service
How We Use Your Information
We use the personal information you submit to operate, maintain, and provide to you the features and functionality of the Service.
By providing ALISA GAMING UK LIMITED with your consent and email address, as well as adding ALISA GAMING UK LIMITED Services on a social network, you consent to our using the email address to send you Service-related notices, including any notices required by law, in lieu of communication by postal mail. You also agree that we may send you notifications of activity on the Service to the email address you give us, in accordance with any applicable privacy settings. We may use your email address to send you other messages, such as newsletters, changes to features of the Service, or special offers.
If you want to discontinue receiving such email messages, you may opt out by sending an email with “opt out” in the subject line to support@alisagaming.com. Opting out may prevent you from receiving email messages regarding updates, improvements, or offers.
You may also request to have any personal information, identifiable to you and held by ALISA GAMING UK LIMITED, to be permanently deleted and your account terminated. You will no longer be able to use the Service. If you continue to use the Service, a new account will be created in accord with our Terms Of Use and this Privacy Policy.
Following termination of your ALISA GAMING UK LIMITED account, ALISA GAMING UK LIMITED will delete any personal information relating to you within 30 days. You will not be able to reactivate your account. Furthermore, ALISA GAMING UK LIMITED may retain and continue to use indefinitely all information (including User Content) contained in your communications to other users or posted to public or semi-public areas of the Service after termination of your Member account. Any personal information will be deleted.
If you choose to use our invitation service to invite a friend to the Service, we will ask you for that person’s email address and automatically send an email invitation. ALISA GAMING UK LIMITED stores this information temporarily to send this email, to register your friend if your invitation is accepted, and to track the success of our invitation service. Your friend's email address will not be used for marketing purposes.
ALISA GAMING UK LIMITED may use certain information about you and/or your User Content internally for purposes such as analysing how the Service is used, diagnosing service or technical problems, maintaining security, and personalising content.
ALISA GAMING UK LIMITED reserves the right, but has no obligation, to monitor the User Content you post on the Service. We reserve the right to remove any such information or material for any reason or no reason, including without limitation if in our sole opinion such information or material violates, or may violate, any applicable law or our Terms of Use Agreement, or to protect or defend our rights or property or those of any third party. ALISA GAMING UK LIMITED also reserves the right to remove information upon the request of any third party.
We use cookies, clear gifs, and log file information to: (a) remember information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you use the Service; (b) provide custom, personalised content and information; (c) monitor the effectiveness of our Service; (d) monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of users, traffic, and demographic patterns; (e) diagnose or fix technology problems reported by our users or engineers that are associated with certain IP addresses; and (f) help you efficiently access your information after you sign in; and (h) track User Content and users to the extent necessary to comply as a service provider with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act.
How We Share Your Information
Personally Identifiable Information
: ALISA GAMING UK LIMITED may share your personally identifiable information with third parties solely for the purpose of providing the Service to you. If we do this, such third parties’ use of your information will be bound by this Privacy Policy. We may store personal information in locations outside the direct control of ALISA GAMING UK LIMITED (for instance, on servers or databases co-located with hosting providers).
As we develop our business, we may buy or sell assets or business offerings. Customer, email, and visitor information is generally one of the transferred business assets in these types of transactions. We may also transfer or assign such information in the course of corporate divestitures, mergers, or dissolution.
ALISA GAMING UK LIMITED may disclose information about you to select business partners in order to provide you with advertising and promotional information and opportunities that we think may be of interest to you. We do not give our partners an independent right to share this information.
Any personal information or content that you voluntarily disclose for posting to the Service, such as User Content, becomes available to the public, as controlled by any applicable privacy settings. You may change your privacy settings on the Service with the features provided by the Application and/or the social networking site or by sending an email to support@alisagaming.com. If you remove information that you posted to the Service, copies may remain viewable in cached and archived pages of the Service, or if other users have copied or saved that information.
Except as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy, ALISA GAMING UK LIMITED will not disclose personal information to any third party unless required to do so by law or subpoena or if we believe that such action is necessary to conform to the law, comply with legal process served on us or our affiliates, or investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected or actual illegal activities, take precautions against liability, to investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations, to assist government enforcement agencies, or to protect the security or integrity of our site; and (c) to exercise or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of ALISA GAMING UK LIMITED, our users or others.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information
: We may share non-personally identifiable information (such as anonymous usage data, referring/exit pages and URLs, platform types, number of clicks, etc.) with interested third parties to help them understand the usage patterns for certain ALISA GAMING UK LIMITED services.
ALISA GAMING UK LIMITED may allow third-party ad servers or ad networks to serve advertisements on the Service. These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to send, directly to your browser, the advertisements and links that appear on the ALISA GAMING UK LIMITED Service. They automatically receive your IP address when this happens. They may also use other technologies (such as cookies, JavaScript, or web beacons) to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and to personalise the advertising content. ALISA GAMING UK LIMITED does not provide any personally identifiable information to these third-party ad servers or ad networks without your consent. However, please note that if an advertiser asks ALISA GAMING UK LIMITED to show an advertisement to a certain audience and you respond to that advertisement, the advertiser or ad-server may conclude that you fit the description of the audience they are trying to reach. In addition, third-party advertisers may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies please contact us at support@alisagaming.com. The ALISA GAMING UK LIMITED Privacy Policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, third-party advertisers. Please consult the respective privacy policies of such advertisers for more information.
How We Protect Your Information
ALISA GAMING UK LIMITED uses commercially reasonable physical, managerial, and technical safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of your personal information and implement your privacy settings. We cannot, however, ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to ALISA GAMING UK LIMITED and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission of information, ALISA GAMING UK LIMITED makes commercially reasonable efforts to ensure the security of our systems. However, please note that this is not a guarantee that such information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards. Your privacy settings may also be affected by changes to the functionality of ALISA GAMING UK LIMITED distributors, such as social networks. ALISA GAMING UK LIMITED is not responsible for the functionality or security measures of any third party.
To protect your privacy and security, we take reasonable steps (such as requesting a unique password) to verify your identity before granting you access to your account. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your unique password and account information, and for controlling access to your email communications from ALISA GAMING UK LIMITED, at all times.
ALISA GAMING UK LIMITED Services use servers outside of the European Union to store Service and user data. This data may also be processed by employees in offices outside of the European Union.
For users within the European Union and European Economic Area, by using ALISA GAMING UK LIMITED Services, you consent to personal data relating to you being transferred and processed outside of the European Union.
Compromise of Personal Information
In the event that personal information is compromised as a result of a breach of security, ALISA GAMING UK LIMITED will promptly notify those persons whose personal information has been compromised, in accordance with the notification procedures set forth in this Privacy Policy, or as otherwise required by applicable law.
Your Choices About Your Information
You may, of course, decline to submit personally identifiable information through the Service, in which case ALISA GAMING UK LIMITED may not be able to provide certain services to you. You may update or correct your account information and email preferences at any time by contacting us at support@alisagaming.com. You can review and correct the information about you that ALISA GAMING UK LIMITED keeps on file by contacting us directly at support@alisagaming.com.
Children’s Privacy
Protecting the privacy of young children is especially important. For that reason, ALISA GAMING UK LIMITED does not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register as Members. If you are under 13, please do not send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under age 13 is allowed to provide any personal information to or on ALISA GAMING UK LIMITED. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at support@alisagaming.com.
Links to Other Web Sites
We are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from the Service, nor the information or content contained therein. Please remember that when you use a link to go from the Service to another website, our Privacy Policy is no longer in effect. Your browsing and interaction on any other website, including those that have a link on our website, is subject to that website’s own rules and policies. Please read over those rules and policies before proceeding.
Notification Procedures
It is our policy to provide notifications, whether such notifications are required by law or are for marketing or other business related purposes, to you via email notice, written or hard copy notice, or through conspicuous posting of such notice on the Service, as determined by ALISA GAMING UK LIMITED in its sole discretion. We reserve the right to determine the form and means of providing notifications to you, provided that you may opt out of certain means of notification as described in this Privacy Policy.
Third-Party Data Collection and Use of End-User Information
When you use or connect to ALISA GAMING UK LIMITED website or download ALISA GAMING UK LIMITED mobile application by or through a Third Party Platform—including Facebook—you allow us to access and/or collect certain information from your Third Party Platform profile/account. You additionally allow us to access information contained in cookies placed on your device by the Third Party Platform as permitted by the terms of your agreement and privacy settings with the Third Party Platform. We may share this information with the Third Party Platform for their use as permitted by the terms of your agreement and privacy settings with the Third Party Platform.
We will share some of the information we collect from you with vendors and other service providers who work with us to support the internal operations of our website and/or mobile application. For example, we use a third-party service for ad tracking and to help us prepare website and mobile application analytics.
Our third-party ad tracking and analytics company never sends emails, notifications, or other communications to our end users. If you would like to opt out of third-party ad tracking and analytics, please please contact us at support@alisagaming.com. Your choice to opt out of ad tracking and analytics services does not limit our ability to email you or collect other information from you for other vendors, subject to the terms of this privacy policy.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
If we change our privacy policies and procedures, we will post those changes on the Service to keep you aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we may disclose it. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, please contact us at support@alisagaming.com.