Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
Effective date: June 27, 2024
WE
ARE TAPPS GAMES
Welcome to Tapps Games! We are an
international entertainment company specialized in the publishing of mobile
games and applications, headquartered in Portugal.
The purpose of this
Privacy
Policy
is meant to comply with your
rights under law, and provide you with all important information and
explanations about how and why your data may be collected, processed, conveyed
and deleted by Tapps Games.
THIRD PARTY ADVERTISING
This app
does not actively collect any information from children.
It does collect technical information which does not specifically identify a
user but supports the operation of the app.
device_type, mobile_brand_name, mobile_model_name,
platform_version, country, session, page views
We work with
the following third parties in this app:
We use Firebase Analytics for
database and statistics. We collect this information for internal use only and
it can’t be used to identify a user.
This
third party is prohibited from sharing any data.
For more
https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy/
We use the following ad providers to serve contextual ads in the Tapps games.
These networks are part of the Google Play certified ad network program. These
networks are restricted from tracking users and serving behavioural ads.
Kidoz
:
https://kidoz.net/privacy-
policies#safe-ad-policy
We have enabled settings on each of these
third party
ad providers to ensure that no behavioural tracking takes place, data collected
is used solely to serve contextual ads and this data is not shared with any
other third parties.
All ads are subject to human review for
appropriateness.
For more information on the use of these third parties please view the privacy
policies through the links provided.
Who Can You Contact?
If you would like further information about the third party service providers
listed please contact us at: data-controller[at]tappsgames.com
If you do not understand any item
of this
Privacy Policy
, we are at your full disposal
for any questions you may
c
ontact us
at: data-controller[at]tappsgames.com
.
1.
ABOUT THIS POLICY
Welcome to Tapps Games! We are an
international entertainment company specialized in the publishing of mobile
games and applications.
Tapps Games - Jogos Eletrónicos, Unipessoal
Lda. is headquartered in Porto - Portugal, Rua Dr.
Sousa Viterbo, 93, 1, and it is part of a global group of gaming companies with
offices and operations around the world (hereby named as “Tapps” or “Tapps
Games”).
When we say “Tapps”
or “Tapps Games” (or similar things like “we,” “our” or “us”), we refer to the
“Tapps Games” entity or, when applicable, entities that control or are
responsible for your information (see “
Contact Us
”).
The purpose of our privacy policy (“Privacy
Policy”) is to provide you with all the important information and explanations
about how and why some of your data may be collected and processed by Tapps
when you use one of our applications or browse on websites, as well as ways we
might use or share it.
This Privacy Policy governs the relationship
between you and Tapps and describes the ways we, under and respecting the
specific regulation, collect, store, use, and manage your “data” or
“information”. Please note we are only describing our own practices –
this Privacy Policy does not apply
to third parties we do not own or control, including other companies you might
interact or have interacted with on or through the Tapps services (see Section
14.
When we say “Tapps services”, we mean any
games, applications, websites (including, but not limited to tappsgames.com)
and services owned by Tapps, regardless of how you access or use them or engage
with us, including through mobile devices. Your use of the Tapps services is
also subject to the
Terms of Service
in your region (including its provisions regarding limitations on
damages, resolution of disputes, and application of governing law). Please read
this entire policy to make sure you understand it. You should also read the
Terms of
Service
carefully,
and make sure you understand and agree to them before using Tapps
'
services.
“Children” or “Child” means any user under
the age of 13 years old in the USA or under the age of 16 years old in the EU.
“Personal Information” means any information
relating to a natural person who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in
particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification
number, location data, or an online identifier.
Tapps Games is committed to protecting the
confidentiality, integrity, and secure of our users’ personal information. The
principles and rules on the protection of individuals regarding the processing
of their personal data should respect, regardless of their nationality or place
of residence, their fundamental rights and freedoms, including the right to the
protection of personal data.
If you do not understand any item of this
Privacy Policy, we are at your full disposal for any questions you may c
ontact us
at: data-controller[at]tappsgames.com.
2.
WHAT DOES THIS PRIVACY POLICY COVER?
This Privacy Policy covers our treatment of personal
information and / or personal data, including but not limited to that
information subject to the laws as defined by the (
1
) California Online Privacy Protection Act (the “CalOPPA); (
2
) California Consumer Privacy Act (the
“CCPA”); and (
3
) personal data, as
defined by the European Union General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”).
This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that we do not own or
control, or to individuals that we do not employ or manage.
Tapps undertakes to provide the
necessary treatment of personal information/data in compliance with the
specific local laws of access of its users, but is not responsible, under any
circumstances, for the legal treatment of information/data belonging to users
who are located in jurisdictions which do not offer a legislation for the legal
treatment of personal information/data.
3.
PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT
Personal
data is any information that relates to an identifiable individual. When you
you visit our website at
https://www.tappsgames.com
or you play
Tapps’ games ("Services" or "Games"), we may we may collect
and process the following personal data about you:
Contact Information
You may
provide us with your Contact Information, such as your phone number and email
when you contact us with a question or request.
Note:
If a
child under the age of 13 years old in the USA or under the age of 16 years old
in the EU has contacted us through email, and we need to communicate with the
child more than once to resolve the query, we will ask the child to provide us
with the child's parent or guardian's email. Then we will send the parent or
guardian a notice telling that his/her child has contacted us. If we do not
obtain parental consent after a reasonable time from the date of the data
collection, we will delete such data from our records.
Location Data
We do not
collect data about your exact location (address) in any case. We can collect
data about your location, i.e. city or country. We collect this data
automatically when you use our Services or play our Games.
Technical Data
We may
collect such information as your IP address, advertising ID, and other
technologies on the devices that you use in our Services or play our Games. We
can also collect non-personal Technical Data about the mobile operating system,
mobile browser type, screen resolution, device vendor, language. We collect
this data automatically when you use our Services or play our Games.
Usage Data
We can
collect statistics on how you use our Services or play our Games. This
information does not contain information that will help us identify you. We
need this information so that we can provide you with the Services, improve
their quality, adapt them to your needs.
Please note,
if you decide to purchase the Tapps games subscription, we may collect and use
additional personal data as stated in section 7. Tapps Subscription.
We are not
collecting or storing any of your financial data as management of any payments
is done by the respective platform you are using to download our apps from,
such as iTunes, Google play, Amazon or others.
We do not
collect and do not intend to collect "special categories of data",
such as any information about health, race, religion, political opinions or
philosophical beliefs, sexual beliefs or orientation, as well as any data that
is not necessary for the provision of our services.
3.1.
HOW WE COLLECT PERSONAL DATA
We use
several methods to collect Personal Data:
Personal Data is provided
directly by you
You provide
us with your data when you contact us by email, social networks or phone, ask
to answer your question.
We collect Personal Data
automatically
When you use
our Services, e.g. visit our website, play our games, we can automatically
collect technical information about your IP address, promotional identifiers,
equipment, browsing actions and models you use, as well as statistics. We
collect this Personal Data using cookies, automated event logs and other
similar technologies.
We collect Personal Data from
third parties
We may
receive Personal Data about you from third-party sources, i.e. from other
companies and persons (see section Our third-party data controllers and
processors).
3.2.
HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We will only
use your Personal Data as permitted by law. Usually, we will use your Personal
Data in the following circumstances:
Provide our services or
Pursue legitimate business interests related to providing our services to you
In order to
fulfil our obligations when you use our website or our mobile applications,
e.g. to ensure that the Services are provided, to improve the Services, to
identify subscribers and manage subscriptions, to personalize the content you
use, to respond to your requests and inquiries. Also, in order to fulfil our
legal obligations, we may ask for the child's parent or guardian's email when
we must obtain the consent of parents or guardians to use the child's Personal
Data (email and name). When it is necessary to fulfil our contractual
obligations or safeguard our legitimate interests, we use your Personal Data,
e.g. to provide you with contextual advertising, to analyse your behaviour
using our Services, to ensure the security and integrity of our Services.
Establish, exercise or defend
legal claims
We may also
use your Personal Data to enforce or defend our rights, protect your interests,
prevent and/or detect fraud or deceptive behaviour.
We will not
use your data to provide you with behavioural advertising, as well as
remarketing, profiling and automated decision making.
3.3.
ON WHAT LEGAL BASIS WE USE PERSONAL DATA
Generally,
we collect and process your personal information only in order to fulfil our
obligations to you, use it for legitimate interests and protect your rights
(support for the internal operations), or if we have your consent to do so.
Below, we provide you with information on the purposes and grounds for usage of
your Personal Data.
Activity
Data type
Legal basis for data processing
according to GDPR / COPPA
Manage
  and protect our website and our mobile applications
Contact Data
Technical Data
Usage Data
(a)
  Necessary for our legitimate interests (GDPR)
(b) Necessary for support for the internal operations (COPPA)
Provide
  Services, improve Services, customize Services for your individual needs
Technical Data
Usage Data
(a)
  Necessary for fulfilling our contractual obligations (GDPR)
(b) Necessary for support for the internal operations (COPPA)
Identify
  games subscribers and manage games subscriptions (only if you get
  subscription plan)
Contact Data
Usage Data
(a)
  Necessary for fulfilling our contractual obligations (GDPR)
(b) Necessary for fulfilling our contractual obligations (GDPR)
Submit
  contextual advertising to you, analyse your behaviour using our Services
Technical Data
Usage Data
a)
  Necessary for our legitimate interests and for fulfilling our contractual
  obligations (GDPR)
b) Necessary for support for the internal operations (COPPA)
Reply
  to your applications, requests, notifications
Contact Data
Contact data such as email or phone number
a)
  Necessary for fulfilling our contractual obligations and for legitimate
  interests (GDPR)
If a child under the age of 13 years old in the USA or under the age of 16
  years old in the EU has contacted us through email, and we need to
  communicate with the child more than once to resolve the query, we will ask
  the child to provide us with the child's parent or guardian's email. Then we
  will send the parent or guardian a notice telling us that his/her child has
  contacted us. If we do not obtain parental consent after a reasonable time
  from the date of the data collection, we will delete such data from our
  records.
Get
  the child's parent's or guardian's consent
Contact Data
(email)
a)
  Necessary to comply with our legal obligations (GDPR)
b) Exception to prior parental consent (COPPA)
We will use
your Personal Data for the purposes for which we have collected them, unless we
reasonably believe that we must use it for another purpose that is compatible
with the original
Please note
that in cases where we must process Personal Data when required by law, we may
process your Personal Data without your knowledge or consent.
3.4.
WHO MAY ACCESS YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We may share
your personal information with a few selected third parties, such as:
Companies of our group, third-party
     service providers and other partners (e.g. to ensure the provision of our
     Services, to provide services or to improve our Services security), as
     well as to those who otherwise process Personal Data for the purposes specified
     in this Privacy Policy. Here is a list of our current service providers
     and partners (see section Our third-party data controllers and
     processors).
To any competent law enforcement
     authority, regulatory authority, government agency, court, or other third
     party, if we consider that disclosure is necessary (i) in accordance with
     applicable laws or regulations, (ii) to exercise or to protect our rights,
     or (iii) to protect our or any other person's interests;
A potential or actual buyer (and its
     representatives and advisers) involved in the purchase, merger or
     acquisition of a proposed or actual any part of our business, provided
     that we inform the buyer that it will have to use your Personal Data only
     for the purposes specified in this Privacy Policy;
Any other person with your consent to
     disclose information.
4.
COLLECTION AND USE OF INFORMATION BY THIRD PARTIES
4.1.
Ad Networks
Tapps publishes advertising on
the Services so that we can continue to offer many of the Services for free.
Such advertisements are provided by Ad Networks, which are carefully selected
to preserve compliance with the applicable privacy laws as well as such
information are clear to all users in an accessible format that you can decide
not to consent, or change your mind later by activating our specific toll for
that purpose.
Nevertheless, we have the
necessary tools to formalize your choice, if you decide not to consent anymore,
or change your decision later if you have already consented. Please note that
Ad Networks may collect and use your Information, such as:
●
performance
data (like the number of clicks on an advertisement);
●
General
geo-location information;
●
and
other contextual data about your game play (e.g., your session activity);
●
Device
identifiers, such as your IP address,
Id for
 Advertisement
(IDFA),
Google
Advertising ID;
●
Information
about your device, such as the type, model, manufacturer, operating system
(eg., iOS or Android), carrier name, mobile browser (eg., Chrome, Safari) and
screen size;
●
Information
about your use and downloads of our applications;
●
Information about the offered,
viewed, or clicked ads such as the type of ad where the ad was offered, whether
you clicked on it,
and
whether you visited the advertiser's website.
The above information is intended
to provide transparency to Tapps’ users, but Tapps emphasizes that it is not
responsible for information collected by third parties outside of its control.
The Information collected may be
used for the following purposes:
●
measure
how effective advertisements are and/or;
●
undertake web analytics (which
are used to analyze traffic and other user activity to improve your
experience).
Ad Networks may collect this
Information through the use of tracking technologies like browser cookies and
web beacons, and they may use a single tracking technology or multiple tracking
technologies at the same time. Such practices are subject to those Ad Networks’
policies which we recommend you review before interacting with them.
Please note that after clicking
on an advertisement you may be redirected to a website that is not hosted by
Tapps.
Moreover, we may, at our
discretion, advertise other Tapps Services within our Applications. Such
advertisements are not directed towards specific users but are rather broadly
posted on random Tapps Applications.
In addition, you may see our
Services advertised in other games, applications, websites and places. After
clicking on one of these advertisements and installing or accessing the
Services, you will become a user of our Services. In order to verify the installation
of the Application, a Persistent Identifier may be shared with the third party
who published our advertisement.
4.2.
Mobile Analytics
Tapps allows Analytics Providers
to use and collect users’ Information, such as and not limited to your Non Persistent
Identifier, locale (specific location where a given language is spoken),
general geo-location information, your Internet Protocol (IP) address, device
type, operating system, the links and advertisements on our Services that You
clicked on, the amount of time You interact with the Services, the events that
occur within the Services, performance data and other statistics.
We display this Information to
Analytics Providers in order to improve and enhance the Services by expanding
their features and functionalities and tailoring them to our users’ needs and
preferences. We also use the Persistent Identifier to generate and aggregate
non-identifying information about how our Services are used. We do not link the
information we store within the analytics software to any identifying
Information you submit within the Services.
If you want (or not) your
Information to be collected by Analytics Providers, we offer an opt-in and
opt-out options in our game’s settings.
Please refer to our list of
Analytics Providers for more information on how to opt out in Section 14.
4.3.
Social Media Features and Game Center Features
Our
Websites include social media features (“Social Features”),
such as the Facebook “like button.” These Social Features may collect your IP
address and which page you are visiting; they may also set a cookie to enable
the Social Feature to function properly. Social Features are hosted by a third
party or hosted directly on the Websites.
Your interactions with these
Social Features are governed by the privacy policy of the respective company
providing them. Links to these privacy policies are provided in Section 14.
Our Applications may enable
certain game center features (“Game Center Features”) and may include Social
Features as well. The Game Center Features and the Social Features are operated
or
allow for social integration
with certain third-party social networks (“Social Networks”),
e.g.
, Facebook Connect or other
third-party platforms (“Social Platforms”)
and
may have access to the fallowing information: (i) basic information from public
profile, such as name, surname, profile Picture, age, range, gender, and other
public information; (ii) email address, login ID and/or player identifier
string; (iii) list of friends; (iv) any other information which is detailed and
displayed to you in the notice which appears during the “Log in with” or
“Connect to” process.
These Social Networks and Social
Platforms are created and maintained by third parties (“Social Partners”) who
are not affiliated with and/or controlled by Tapps.
If you enable integration with
such Social Networks and Social Platforms, your use of the Game Center Features
and/or the Social Features is subject to the applicable Social Partners’ terms
of use and privacy policies (collectively, “Social Terms”), for example:
●
Apple
Game Center (terms are available at
http://www.apple.com/legal/internet-services/itunes/gamecenter/us/terms.html
);
●
Google
Play Games (terms are available at
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.play.games
);
●
Amazon
GameCircle (terms are available at:
http://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=201371550
)
;
●
Huawei App Store (terms are
available at
https://consumer.huawei.com/en/privacy/privacy-policy/
)
You should ensure that you have
read the Social Terms in order to comprehend how they treat your information
and to understand the methods for changing the privacy or sharing settings on
the Social Networks and Social Platforms.
If you do not agree to the
practices described in the Social Terms, you should not allow the Applications
to interact with such Social Networks or Social Platforms. However, you may
find that you are not able to enjoy all the features that may be made available
by the Applications.
You understand that where you
allow interaction with any Social Network or Social Platform, we may share data
about you with your contacts which are considered as the user that already has
on the applicable social network or social platform (“Contacts”), and vice
versa, so that you may enjoy Game Features and Social Features. This data may
include, without limitation, your scores and/or progress in our Applications,
your name, your social media profile picture, descriptions of your service activity
and any test that you may upload. Your Contacts will also be able to send you
requests through the related Social Network or Social Platform.
The use of Social Features or
Game Features enables the sharing of information with your Contacts or the
public, depending on the settings you establish with the Social Partner that provides
such features. You hereby understand and agree that when you share content via
Social Networks or Social Platforms your content may become public and any
person may re-post-it. Your interactions with these Social Features or Game
Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing them.
4.4.
Tracking Technologies
When you use our Applications,
Tapps or its Partners operating the advertisement serving technology may use
information logged from your device using SDKs, cookies, and other tracking
technologies to ensure that appropriate advertising is presented within our
Applications and to calculate the number of unique and repeat views of
advertising.
It is important to mention that
you can choose in advance and at your own discretion whether or not you wish to
make your personal data available in the game and that your decision is not
only respected by Tapps but also is passed on to our Partners.
Such Partners’ technologies
(“Partners’ Tech”) may be stored on your device by Partners, rather than by
Tapps.
Partners’ Tech usually store
non-identifying Information such as the web pages you have visited, the
duration of your browsing, etc. This Privacy Policy does not cover the use of
tracking tools by Partners. Tapps does not have access or control over its Partners.
In order to understand the functioning of Partners cookies or related
technologies used in our Services, please visit the links in Section 16.
4.4.1.
Opting Out of Tracking Technologies
You are always free to opt out
via “Do Not Track Settings” in your mobile phone and all providers of
advertising services are bound to comply with such “Do Not Track” setting, but
we cannot provide any guarantees on their behalf.
It is easy to prohibit Partners’
Techs. Most browsers and platforms will allow you to erase Partners’ Cookies
from your device’s hard drive, block acceptance of cookies, limit the type of
cookies you allow or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. However, be
aware that if you block or erase Partners’ Cookies, your online experience may
be limited, because Partners Cookies are necessary to track and enhance your
Services activities.
5.
IN-APP PURCHASES
Although Tapps’ applications are
free, they include in-app purchases (“App Purchases”), but we do not collect
personal’s payment information or process payments through in-app purchases.
All App Purchases are made
through our Partners’ stores (“Stores”). Therefore, in order to make an App
Purchase, you will need to access your Store account (“Store Account”), which
may require entering the Store password (“Store Password”). You hereby agree
and acknowledge that you are responsible for maintaining the security of your
Store Password.
You should be aware that some
Stores may allow for a short window after the downloading of an Application,
during which App Purchases may be made without inserting your Store Password.
Regarding your privacy and in
order to prevent accidental or unwanted purchases, you can create a specific
password/PIN to prevent it from happening at
Apple
,
Google Play
,
Amazon
and
Huawei
.
Please note that purchases of
Stores’ credits or currencies may also be subject to their own policies and
Tapps
is
not responsible.
6.
PURCHASE OF MERCHANDISE
Some of our Services may contain
links that will redirect you to a third-party website where they may purchase
certain merchandise (“Merchandise”) which are offered for sale or otherwise
distributed by third-party vendors (“Vendors”).
The Vendors are responsible for
the Merchandise and the Merchandise operations. The Vendors may collect
information from users who wish to purchase Merchandise, which is required in
order to enable the purchase transaction (
e.g.
,
the User's address in order to deliver them the Merchandise, the User's payment
information in order to enable the billing and the processing of payment via
various payment methods, etc.).
Tapps will not collect, use or
have any access to this information collected by Vendors. Such Information will
be collected, maintained, shared, transferred and/or used in accordance with
the applicable Vendor’s privacy policy and terms of use (“Vendors’ Terms”).
7.
PUSH NOTIFICATIONS
With your consent, we may send
push notifications in order to inform you about our products and services, to
communicate you of Application updates and to reengage you in use of the
Application.
Local
notifications are local to your device, contextual and sent in-app only and not
from a server or in conjunction with other User information.
By clicking on the “Allow”
button, you accept local notifications, but you may disable these messages at
any time by turning off the notifications from the “Options” or “Settings” page
within the Application.
“Push
notification are sent from the server and are never sent to users who
identified themselves as under 13 (for residents in the EEA) and 16 (for
residents in California). We use such notifications to remind you about your
activities within the App. You will receive push notifications only
if
you
are subscribed to such notifications in the App.
You can accept local
notifications, but you may disable these messages at any time by turning off
the notifications from the “Options” or “Settings” page within the Application.
We
collect push notifications tokens for us to be able to determine whether you
are subscribed to push notifications. When you decide to unsubscribe from push
notifications, such push notification tokens will be deleted from our
database.”
For
the restriction on the usage of information please see ‘Children´s Privacy
Section of this Privacy Policy.
8.
SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION
We implement appropriate security measures to protect the
security, confidentiality and integrity of the collected information both
online and offline, and to prevent unauthorized access and the use of
information contrary to this Privacy Policy.
Although we make good faith
efforts to store the information collected on the Services in a secure
operating environment that is not available to the public, please be aware that
no security measures are perfect or impenetrable.
Furthermore, while we attempt to
ensure the integrity and security of our network and systems, we cannot
guarantee that our security measures will prevent third-party “hackers"
from illegally obtaining access to this information.
We do not warrant or represent
that your information will be protected against loss, misuse, or alteration by
third parties. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of
electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute
security. Subjected to the applicable local law,
Tapps will not be liable for any harm or damage suffered by
you due to any loss, misuse or alteration of your information by third parties´
breach.
8.1.
International Transfe
r
We operate globally, so we need to transfer
your personal information to our affiliated entities and/or to other third
party service providers across boarder and from your country to other countries
around the world. Please note, that not all these countries have the same data
protection laws as your own country,
but we will always take
appropriate steps to safeguard the privacy of your personal information.
9.
STORING OF INFORMATION
The
security of your information is important to us. We have measures in place to
protect it against loss, misuse, or tampering. However, no security measures
are 100% effective, so we cannot guarantee against these risks.
We store your information for as
long as
your account is active or as needed to provide you with our
services. We may store information longer, but only in a way that it cannot be
tracked back to you. We delete the information as soon as we do not need the
for providing our services unless a longer retention period is required or
permitted by applicable legislation.
Storing might be different
depending on the territory of collecting the information and the applicable
legislation, but we always strive to store the information only if it is needed
for the purposes of providing, improving or personalizing our services. As a
rule, your information will be stored in the form anonymized data. However,
there may be exceptions to this practice depending on the type of services that
was contracted.
Even so, if you wish to cancel
your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you
services, please contact us at
data-controller[at]tappsgames.com
and refer to Sections 11 and 12 below.
If you want to know for how long
our Partners keep your Information, please refer to their privacy policies,
available in Section 16.
9.1.
Data Retention
Tapps
will keep the Personal Data of users only for the time necessary to comply with
the purposes to which they are collected, including for the purposes of
observance of any legal obligations (such as the safeguard of access logs to
the application for 6 months, according to the Internet Civil Framework), contractual
obligations, obligations to render account, or request by competent
authorities.
In
order to determine the proper retention period of the Personal Data, Tapps
takes into account the quantity, nature, and sensitivity of such Data, the
potential risk of damages resulting from the unauthorized use or disclosure of
Personal Data, the purpose of processing, and if the respective purpose may be
achieved by other means, as well as the legal requirements applicable.
Nonetheless,
if you play a Tapps game, the information of your account will be maintained as
long as you keep this account active. Your account and the information related
to it will be anonymized if you do not login for 90 days. You may also request
the exclusion of your Data and/or your account, case in which Tapps will keep
the Data for fifteen (15) days from the request of exclusion.
It
is worthwhile noting that Tapps may retain the Personal Data for a period
longer than the indicated above to meet any legal obligations eventually
applicable, under the terms set forth by the pertinent legislation, such as the
consumer defense and tax rules.
Tapps
may retain users’ account data internally for the following purposes:
●
Billing information and transaction
histories are retained to resolve subsequent billing disputes and inquiries;
●
Publicly shared content and virtual items
are retained for use by the community (e.g., a user-created virtual shirt sold
to another user is kept in the system because the recipient now
“
owns
”
a copy of that item);
●
User account history is retained to support
subsequent customer service inquiries and to provide, improve and develop the
Service;
●
To promote safety and security on the
Service; and
●
To resolve disputes, establish legal
defenses, conduct audits, pursue legitimate business purposes, enforce our
agreements, and comply with our legal obligations. We may retain your
information for as long as is necessary for the purposes identified above,
which may include retaining your information beyond the end of your use of the
Service.
10.
CHILDREN´S PRIVACY FOR
RESIDENTS IN THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA, UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
We
consider ourselves to be family oriented, however we have decided to
voluntarily implement higher child protection standards we do not knowingly
collect personal information from children under 13, with the sole exception of
persistent identifiers as described in the Privacy Policy. If we learn that we
have collected personal information other than persistent identifier of a child
under the age of 16, we will take all reasonable steps to delete the
information as soon as possible. If you become aware that your child has
provided us with personal information without your consent, please contact us
at data-controller[at]tappsgames.com
To
preserve the family-friendly reputation of our Apps, we age-gated some of the
features in our Apps, so that they are not available for use by children under
16. The age gate is being conducted after the download of some of our Apps for
specific territories to assure the privacy and protection of younger users of
our Apps. The features enabling potential collection and sharing of personally
identifiable information, are disabled for device IDs of users who did not pass
the age gate. For user's safety, it is not possible to change the age later. We
do not store the year of birth of users who have identified themselves as below
the age of 16 in our Apps, but only the information that their device did not
pass the age gate.
The
only personal information we collect from users who have identified themselves
as below the age of 16 for the purposes of offering our services are persistent
identifiers (such as IDFA, IDFV, advertising ID, IP address). Such persistent
identifiers are used and shared with third parties solely for providing support
for the internal operations meaning to place contextual advertisement
(including frequency capping), to authenticate users of or personalize the
content on Apps, to maintain or analyse the functioning of the Apps,
personalize the content of the App (such as sending push notifications), to
perform network communications to protect the security or integrity of the user
or the App, to ensure legal or regulatory compliance.
When
using the persistent identifiers, we will not contact users under the age of
16, display
behavioral
advertising to them, nor do
any user tracking or profiling. In addition, we strive that all our advertising
partners adhere to the same standards for the collection, usage and disclosure
of children's personal information as we do, but we cannot be responsible if
they breach the commitments, they gave to us regarding the collection of
information. In case of such breaches, you agree that our liability is limited
to the amounts we
are able to
receive as
indemnification for the breaches from our advertising partner. For the detailed
information
about disclosure to third party service providers used in relation to users
under 16 please see section How do we share your information and data to third
parties of this Privacy Policy. For any additional questions about third-party
information disclosure please see section Information about third-party data
controllers and processors.
We
will send push notifications only to users who allow us to do so to reengage
them in terms of using the App. You may unsubscribe at any time by following
the instructions in section Push Notifications of this Privacy Policy. We
strive to ensure that the content of the push notifications will always be
family-friendly
. Local notifications are local, contextual
and sent in app only and not from a server or in conjunction with other user
information.
You
have the right to request deletion of the personal information that we hold
about you. Should you wish to do that, please contact us via data-controller[at]tappsgames.com.
We reserve the right to ask to provide us additional information to verify your
identity before we can start processing your request. Once we receive all
information
we need in order to be able to identify you, we
will delete your personal information you requested us as soon as possible, but
we will always do so within 1 month of receipt of your request and verification
of your identity. Please note that we may still retain part or all information,
for instance for complying with our legal obligations and protecting or
enforcing legal rights. We may also retain your info in an anonymized form. In
some instances, personal information about you that is visible through gameplay
such as username, avatar, your high scores and any chat messages may be cached
on other players´ devices and we may be not able to remove or update that data
from those devices, for example if that device is not connected to a Wi-Fi
network.
11.
CHILDREN´S PRIVACY FOR RESIDENTS IN THE EEA
We consider ourselves to be
family oriented, however we have decided to voluntarily implement higher child
protection standards even though our products and services are not directed to,
and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under
16 without a consent of a
parent or guardian
, with the sole exception of
persistent identifiers as described below. If we learn that we have collected
personal information other than persistent identifier of a child under the age
of digital consent according to EEA data protection legislation, we will take
all reasonable steps to delete the information as soon as possible.
If you become aware that
your child has provided us with personal information without your
consent
, please contact us at data-controller[at]tappsgames.com
In order to
preserve the
family-friendly reputation of our Apps, we age-gated some of the features in
our Apps, so that they are not available for use by children under the age of
digital consent according to EEA data protection legislation. The age gate is
being conducted after the download of some of our Apps to assure the privacy
and protection of younger users of our Apps. The features enabling potential
collection and sharing of personally identifiable information,
with the exception of
persistent identifiers, are disabled
for users who did not pass the age gate. For user's safety, it is not possible
to change the age later. We do not store the year of birth of users who have
identified themselves as below the age of digital consent according to EEA data
protection legislation in our Apps, but only the information that their unique
user ID did not pass the age gate.
The only personal information
we collect from users who have identified themselves as below the age of
digital consent according to EEA data protection legislation for the purposes
of offering our services are persistent identifiers (such as device ID, IDFA,
IDFV, advertising ID, IP address). Such persistent identifiers are used and
shared with third parties only to place contextual advertisement (including
frequency capping, fraud prevention and tracking for the attribution and
billing purposes), to authenticate users of or personalize the content on Apps,
to maintain or analyse the functioning of the Apps, personalize the content of
the App (such as sending push notifications), to perform network communications
to protect the security or integrity of the user or the App, to ensure legal or
regulatory compliance.
You
have the right to request deletion of the personal information that we hold
about you. Should you wish to do that, please contact us via data-controller[at]tappsgames.com.
We reserve the right to ask to provide us additional information to verify your
identity before we can start processing your request. Once we receive all
information
we need in order to be able to identify you, we
will delete your personal information you requested us as soon as possible, but
we will always do so within 1 month of receipt of your request and verification
of your identity. Please note that we may still retain part or
all of
that info, for instance for complying with our legal
obligations and protecting or enforcing legal rights. We may also retain your
info in an anonymized form. In some instances, personal information about you
that is visible through gameplay such as username, avatar, your high scores and
any chat messages may be cached on other players´ devices and we may be not
able to remove or update that data from those devices, for example if that
device is not connected to a Wi-Fi network.
When using the persistent
identifiers, we will not contact users under the age of digital consent
according to EEA data protection legislation, display behavioural advertising
to them, nor do any user tracking or profiling. For the detailed information
about disclosure to third parties please see section
How do we share your information and data to third
parties of this Privacy Policy. For any additional questions about third-party
information disclosure please
see section Information about third-party data
controllers and processors.
12.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
Tapps will occasionally update
this Privacy Policy as necessary to protect our users, furnish current information,
and respond to legal and technical changes. The most current version of the
Privacy Policy will govern our use of your information and will be available
at:
http://pp.tappsgames.com/?app=default
If at any point you do not agree to any
portion of the then-current version of our Privacy Policy, the Terms of
Service, or any other Tapps policy, rules or codes
of
conduct (“Supplemental Policies”), you have an option to stop using Tapps
Services. In case you disagree with Tapps Services, you can click on “privacy
settings” and to choose disable our Services. This option permit you continue
playing our games normally.
13.
CONTACT U
S
If you have any questions,
comments or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy and/or practices, please send
an e-mail to data-controller[at]tappsgames.com.
Tapps Games - Jogos
Eletrónicos
,
Unipessoal
Lda
Rua Dr. Sousa Viterbo,
93, 1
Porto 4050-593
Portugal
14.
INFORMATION ABOUT THIRD-PARTY DATA CONTROLLERS AND PROCESSORS
Google Analytics (Google Inc.)
Google
Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google
Analytics uses Personal and Non-Personal Data only for internal purposes.
Legal basis of
processing:
legitimate interests (support for internal operations).
Place of
processing: USA
Privacy policy:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Address: 1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy, Mountain View, California 94043, US
Phone: +1-650-253-0000
Kidoz
KIDOZ
SDK provides effective quality monetization that is fully COPPA and GDPR
compliant.
Certified compliant with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA)
by FTC-approved safe harbor and child privacy experts,
PRIVO
Legal basis of
processing:
legitimate interests (support for internal operations).
Place of
processing: Israel
Privacy policy:
https://kidoz.net/privacy-
policies#safe-ad-policy
Address:
Haomanut
12,
Poleg Industrial Park
PO BOX 8517, Netanya
Israel
Contact: https://kidoz.net/contact
Firebase by Google (Google
Inc.)
Firebase is
a mobile analytics platform which allows developers to analyse crash reporting
and retention. Firebase uses Personal and Non-Personal Data only for internal
purposes.
Legal basis of
processing:
legitimate interests (support for internal operations).
Place of
processing: US
Privacy policy:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Address: 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, US
Contact:
https://firebase.google.com/support/troubleshooter/contact/
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://kidoz.net/privacy-policies#safe-ad-policy:
This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.
Learn more
Allow cookies
Loading...
Intro
Help Center
Brands
Connect:
Reach Your Target Audience
Important features
Engage:
Custom Playables To Drive Conversions
Pricing tables
Insight:
Survey Your Audience For Real Time Results
Other features lists
Programmatic:
Earn global revenue with complete safety and compliance
Other features lists
Publishers
Grow:
Find the Right Users At Scale
Pricing tables
Monetize:
Boost Your Apps Advertising Revenue
Important features
About
Contact
Investors
Kidoz And Your Data
The Kidoz SDK provides effective monetization that is fully COPPA and GDPR Compliant
Terms of Use
TCF Attestation
Website + SDK Privacy Policy
Kidoz Safe Ad Policy
Report Content
App Privacy Policy
Information Security Policy
Terms of Service - Publishers
GDPR Overview
Kidoz and GDPR-K Compliance
Terms of Use
These terms of use (“
Terms of Use
“) set forth the basis on which you are permitted to access and use the KIDOZ website, applications and online resources (collectively, the “Services”).The KIDOZ website is intended as a general audience website that enables visitors to learn more about KIDOZ and KIDOZ products, and mobile technology, apps, games and other content for families and to download our KIDOZ mobile Safe Play Mode app and/or our PC kid safe environment. Our downloadable PC and mobile applications (the “Product”) are designed as tools for parents and legal guardians to provide their children with a kid-friendly environment to discover, launch and use third party applications and content with parental controls managed through the Product. Our SDK is designed as a tool for developers to monetize their apps.These Terms of Use shall govern over all aspects of KIDOZ applications offered, including, without limitation, the products and services contained herein. Please read these Terms of Use carefully before using the Product. By accessing and using the Product in any way, you agree to and are hereby bound by these Terms of Use. If you do not agree to all of the terms and conditions contained herein, do not use or access the Product in any manner. KIDOZ Ltd. (“KIDOZ”) reserves the right to update these Terms of Use at any time without the requirement of any notice to you.USE OF THE SERVICESThe KIDOZ Product is a protected environment which enables young kids to safely use a wide variety of applications and content on the Internet suitable for children. Unless otherwise specified, the Product is made available solely for personal and non-commercial use, in accordance with all applicable laws.As a condition to your use of the Services provided by KIDOZ, you agree not to use the Product for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these Terms of Use. You may not use the Services in any manner that could damage, disable, overburden, or impair any KIDOZ server, or the network(s) connected to any KIDOZ server, or interfere with any other party’s use and enjoyment of the Service. You may not distribute in any medium any part of the Service without KIDOZ prior written authorization. You may not obtain or attempt to obtain any materials or information through any means not intentionally made available through the Product. You further agree not to alter or modify any part of the Service or any of its related technologies.
USER ACCOUNTS
‍
The services made available require you to open an account; you must complete the registration process by providing current, complete and accurate information as prompted by the applicable registration form. You will also choose a password and a user name. You are entirely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and account. Furthermore, you are entirely responsible for any and all activities that occur under your account. You agree to notify KIDOZ immediately of any unauthorized use of your account or any other breach of security. KIDOZ will not be liable for any loss that you may incur as a result of someone else using your password or account, either with or without your knowledge. However, you could be held liable for losses incurred by KIDOZ or another party due to someone else using your account or password. You may not use anyone else’s account at any time, without the express permission of the account holder.
WEBSITE CONTENT
‍
The content on the Website, except for all User Generated Content (defined below), including, but not limited to, music, games, videos, text, software, graphics, photos, sounds, interactive features and other content (“Website Content“) and the trademarks, service marks and logos contained therein, are owned by or licensed to KIDOZ, and are subject to copyright and other intellectual property rights under applicable laws. You acknowledge that the Website Content is provided to you on an AS IS basis for your personal use only and may not be downloaded, copied, reproduced, distributed, transmitted, broadcast, displayed, sold, licensed, or otherwise exploited for any other purposes whatsoever without the prior written consent of KIDOZ or the respective owners. KIDOZ reserves all rights not expressly granted in and to the Website and the Website Content.
CONTENT / SUBMISSIONS TO THE SERVICES
‍
On some parts of our Services or otherwise in connection with your use of the Services, you may be allowed to submit, post or link to content or applications or provide comments for others to see (collectively, referred to herein as “Content”). If you submit, post, link to or contribute Content, you guarantee, represent and warrant to us that:
You have all necessary legal rights to submit, post, contribute or link to such Content and it does not and will not infringe or violate any law or the rights of any person;
While you or the rightful owner of the Content retain all ownership rights in the Content, you give us (and have the necessary rights to give us) the royalty-free, irrevocable, perpetual, worldwide right to allow other people to view the Content as described in these Terms; and to use, distribute, modify, display, publicly perform, and create derivative works from the Content, in any and all media, in any manner, in whole or in part, without any restriction or responsibilities to you or any third party, consistent with the purposes and functions of the Services;
You are entirely responsible for all Content you submit, post, contribute, link to, upload, email, transmit or otherwise make available in any way by or through the Services (collectively “Submissions”);
You have the written consent, release or permission of each and every identifiable individual person in the Content to use the name or likeness of each and every such identifiable individual person to enable inclusion and use of the Content in the manner contemplated by the Services and these Terms; and
For all Content, including all information and materials of any kind, including graphics, sounds, text, or otherwise posted or provided by any user by or through the Services, you understand that we are not responsible for the truth, completeness, objectivity, or usefulness of such Content, nor do we endorse any Content; we do not verify the identity of people using the Services; and we do not undertake any obligation to screen, monitor, edit or review Content before it appears on the Services. We do have the right, in our sole discretion, to monitor or remove any Content at any time and without notice if we believe doing so will improve the Services. We can also suspend or terminate use of the Service by anyone who does not follow these Terms. Nevertheless, you understand that by using the Services, you may be exposed to Content that is offensive or objectionable.
CONDUCT OF USERS
‍
We believe that all users benefit from basic rules regarding conduct while using the Services. Widespread use and enjoyment of the Services is jeopardized when a few individuals act irresponsibly. To help everyone have a positive experience, we ask, and you agree, to follow the following basic rules of conduct when using the Services:
You will follow these Terms and all applicable laws;
You will never give your password to anyone;
You will not harass, threaten or abuse other people when using the Services in any manner;
You will not interfere with others’ use of the Services or act in a way that negatively affects other users’ enjoyment of the Services;
You will not participate in any action that, in the sole and absolute opinion of KIDOZ, results or may result in any user of the Services being scammed or defrauded in any way in connection with such user’s use of the Services;
You will not upload, post, email or otherwise make available any Content that is obscene or may be hateful or offensive on racial, ethnic, sexual or any other grounds; is harmful, vulgar or distasteful; or is defamatory, libelous, or invades another person’s privacy or proprietary rights, including any patent, trademark, trade secret, or copyrights of any party;
You will not use or exploit any errors in design, features which have not been documented, or “bugs” to gain access in any way that is not generally known and intentionally made available by KIDOZ, and you will promptly report to KIDOZ your discovery of any such errors, features or bugs.
You will not attempt to harvest any user names or email addresses from the Services for any purpose;
You will not collect or store personal information about any other individual on the Services, or otherwise stalk, repeatedly contact or harass another user;
You will not impersonate any other person or misrepresent a relationship with any person or entity, including misrepresenting a relationship with KIDOZ; similarly, you will not adopt a false identity if the purpose of doing so is to deceive or defraud another;
You will not use the Services to harm minors in any way, or encourage interactions with minors of a sexual nature;
You will not manipulate the Services so as to hide your identity or participation in the Services (by using another person’s identity, changing headers, or otherwise modifying any other possible identifier);
You will not post any Content that contains any viruses, cancel bots, Trojan horses, harmful code, or other computer programs or code designed to interrupt the Services, the ability of users to enjoy the Services, or the proper functioning of any software, hardware or equipment or materials used in connection with the Services; and
You will not send any bulk unsolicited advertising, promotional information, email or other solicitation (including without limitation junk mail, “spam,” chain letters or pyramid schemes of any sort) to any person through the use of the Services.
If you violate any of the guidelines set forth above or any other aspect of these Terms, we reserve the right to suspend or terminate your rights to use the Services without giving you any notice. In the event that your rights to use the Services are terminated, you will immediately lose access to any information that may be on the system.We can terminate your access to the Services at any time. We may also remove any Content that you post without cause and without notice to you.
YOU UNDERSTAND THAT KIDOZ IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR YOUR INABILITY TO ACCESS ANY INFORMATION ON THE SERVICE FOR ANY REASON, WHETHER BECAUSE OF TERMINATION OF YOUR ACCOUNT; SOFTWARE, HARDWARE, OR INTERNET PROBLEMS OR ERRORS; OR ANY OTHER REASON.
‍
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
KIDOZ reserves all rights not expressly granted in the Agreement and disclaims the grant of any implied rights to you. The Services are owned by KIDOZ or its licensors, as applicable, and protected by applicable law, with all rights reserved. The entire content (images and text) of the Services is copyrighted and may not be reproduced, published, broadcast, posted, modified, transmitted, displayed, distributed, downloaded or otherwise used without the express written permission of KIDOZ. Except for allowing you to use the Services for your personal use as set forth in these Terms, when you use the Services you are not receiving a license or any other rights from us, including intellectual property  or other proprietary rights of KIDOZ or its licensors. You understand that you have no rights to the Services or any other property of KIDOZ or its licensors except as expressly provided in these Terms.
ABUSIVE, INAPPROPRIATE AND INFRINGING CONTENT
You understand and agree that KIDOZ may (but is not obligated to) review and remove any content of any kind (whether Website Content, User Generated Content or Third Party Content) that under KIDOZ sole discretion violates these Terms of Use or which might be offensive, illegal, inappropriate, unsuitable or which violates the rights of, harms, or threatens the safety of third parties and/or other users of the Website (“Abusive Content“). In addition, each user of the Website may notify KIDOZ that it considers certain content (whether Website Content, User Generated Content or Third Party Content) to be Abusive Content and provide reasons supporting such notification. KIDOZ shall examine such notification and reserves the right, at its sole and absolute discretion, to remove all or part of such Abusive Content and/or terminate a user’s ability to upload content in violation of these Terms of Use.KIDOZ takes the protection of intellectual property rights, including copyrights, very seriously. KIDOZ will terminate your access to, or use of, all or any part of the Services, without notice to you, if you infringe or misappropriate the intellectual property rights, including copyrights, of others. Pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, Title 17, United States Code, Section 501 et seq., copyright owners or their authorized agents may submit a complaint of alleged copyright infringement to KIDOZ if they have a good-faith belief that their protected works are being infringed. KIDOZ will respond to all such notifications that are sent.If you are a copyright owner or an agent thereof and believe that any content infringes upon your copyrights, you may submit a notification by providing our Copyright Agent with the following information in writing:
A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;
Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site;
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled and information reasonably sufficient to permit KIDOZ to locate the material;
Information reasonably sufficient to permit KIDOZ to contact you, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail;
A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
KIDOZ designated Copyright Agent to receive notifications of claimed infringement may be contacted at:
info@kidoz.net
with the words “Copyright Agent” in the Subject of your mail. For clarity, only alleged infringement notices should go to the Copyright Agent; any other feedback, comments, requests for technical support, and other communications should be directed to KIDOZ customer service through support@kidoz.net. You acknowledge that if you fail to comply with all of the requirements of this Section, your infringement notice may not be valid.Upon receipt of such notification, KIDOZ shall promptly investigate the matter, and, if appropriate, remove or disable access to the allegedly infringing material. After KIDOZ removes or disables access to such material, if such material was posted by a user of the Service, KIDOZ will notify the party that posted the material of its action. Such party may then provide KIDOZ designated agent proper “counter-notification” stating his, her or its authority to post the allegedly infringing material, which KIDOZ will forward to the alleged copyright owner. KIDOZ will inform the alleged copyright owner that KIDOZ will repost the removed material or cease disabling access to it in ten to fourteen business days unless the alleged copyright owner sends a second notification to KIDOZ designated agent stating that it has filed suit against the alleged infringer.An effective counter-notification must be sent to KIDOZ designated agent, listed above. The notice must include the following information:
The counter-notifying party’s physical or electronic signature;
Identification of the material that has been removed or disabled and the location where the material was before its removal or disablement;
A statement, under penalty of perjury, that the party has a good faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or misidentification; and
The counter-notifying party’s name, address, phone number, and a statement that the party consents to the jurisdiction of the federal court in its district, or if the subscriber is foreign, it consents to any jurisdiction where KIDOZ is subject to jurisdiction, and that the subscriber will accept service of process from the person who provided KIDOZ with notification or an agent of such a person.
THIRD PARTY WEBSITES AND CONTENT
KIDOZ complies with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) and makes every effort to choose third-party websites and content that is kid-friendly. KIDOZ is however, not responsible or liable for the material, information and content available on or by means of any third-party content, services, online products, websites and webpages (“Third Party Content“). KIDOZ is also not responsible for the privacy practices and cannot guarantee the COPPA compliance of third-party content including on websites, webpages, services or online products. By linking to a non-KIDOZ website, webpage, content, service, online product, etc., KIDOZ does not represent or imply that it endorses such website, webpage, content, service or online product. You are responsible for reviewing the privacy practices of all third-party content.KIDOZ disclaims any responsibility whatsoever for any harm resulting from your use of non-KIDOZ websites, webpages, content, services, online products, etc. You are responsible for taking precautions as necessary to protect yourself and your computer systems from viruses, worms, Trojan horses and other harmful or destructive content.Kidoz is using the YouTube Data API service in order to allow a filtered and safe use of YouTube’s content. By using the Kidoz OS solution you acknowledge and accept the
YouTube API terms of service.
Where possible, KIDOZ uses the latest version of the YouTube API. In cases where the API cannot be updated, please be aware that certain features might stop working.
PRIVACY AND PROTECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
‍
Our Privacy Policy, located at:
https://kidoz.net/privacy-policy
explains our online information practices and how your information is collected and used.
WARRANTY DISCLAIMER
‍
YOU AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES SHALL BE AT YOUR SOLE RISK. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, KIDOZ, ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AND AGENTS DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, IN CONNECTION WITH THE SERVICES AND YOUR USE THEREOF. KIDOZ MAKES NO WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS ABOUT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE CONTENT OF ITS SERVICES (OF ANY KIND) OR THE CONTENT OF ANY SITES LINKED TO THE SERVICES AND ASSUMES NO LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY (I) ERRORS, MISTAKES, OR INACCURACIES OF CONTENT, (II) PERSONAL INJURY OR PROPERTY DAMAGE, OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER, RESULTING FROM YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE SERVICES, (III) ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR USE OF KIDOZ’ SECURE SERVERS AND/OR ANY AND ALL PERSONAL INFORMATION AND/OR FINANCIAL INFORMATION STORED THEREIN, (IV) ANY INTERRUPTION OR CESSATION OF TRANSMISSION TO OR FROM THE SERVICES, AND/OR (V) ANY BUGS, VIRUSES, TROJAN HORSES, OR THE LIKE WHICH MAY BE TRANSMITTED TO OR THROUGH THE SERVICES BY ANY THIRD PARTY. KIDOZ DOES NOT WARRANT, ENDORSE, GUARANTEE, OR ASSUME RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY PRODUCT OR SERVICE ADVERTISED OR OFFERED BY A THIRD PARTY THROUGH THE SERVICES OR ANY HYPERLINKED WEBSITE OR FEATURED IN ANY BANNER OR OTHER ADVERTISING, AND KIDOZ WILL NOT BE A PARTY TO OR IN ANY WAY BE RESPONSIBLE FOR MONITORING ANY TRANSACTION BETWEEN YOU AND THIRD-PARTY PROVIDERS OF PRODUCTS OR SERVICES.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
‍
IN NO EVENT SHALL KIDOZ, ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, OR AGENTS, BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM ANY (I) ERRORS, MISTAKES, OR INACCURACIES OF CONTENT, (II) PERSONAL INJURY OR PROPERTY DAMAGE, OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER, RESULTING FROM YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE SERVICES, (III) ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR USE OF KIDOZ SECURE SERVERS AND/OR ANY AND ALL PERSONAL INFORMATION AND/OR FINANCIAL INFORMATION STORED THEREIN, (IV) ANY INTERRUPTION OR CESSATION OF TRANSMISSION TO OR FROM THE SERVICES, (IV) ANY BUGS, VIRUSES, TROJAN HORSES, OR THE LIKE, WHICH MAY BE TRANSMITTED TO OR THROUGH THE SERVICES BY ANY THIRD PARTY, AND/OR (V) ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN ANY CONTENT OR FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND INCURRED AS A RESULT OF YOUR USE OF ANY CONTENT POSTED, EMAILED, TRANSMITTED, OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE VIA THE SERVICES, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT, OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, AND WHETHER OR NOT KIDOZ IS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THE FOREGOING LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL APPLY TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW IN THE APPLICABLE JURISDICTION.
INDEMNITY
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless KIDOZ, its parent corporation, officers, directors, employees and agents, from and against any and all claims, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs and expenses (including reasonable legal fees) arising from: (i) your use of and access to the Services; (ii) your violation of any term of these Terms of Use; (iii) your violation of any third party right, including without limitation any copyright, property, or privacy right; or (iv) any claim that your potential postings or User Generated Content caused damage to a third party. This defense and indemnification obligation will survive the expiration of your use of the Services.
ABILITY TO ACCEPT TERMS OF USE
‍
You affirm that you are either more than 18 years of age, or an emancipated minor, or possess legal parental or guardian consent, and are fully able and competent to enter into the terms, conditions, obligations, affirmations, representations, and warranties set forth in these Terms of Use, and to abide by and comply with these Terms of Use.
GOVERNING LAW & JURISDICTION
‍
Your use of the Services and Product and these Terms of Use shall be governed in all respects by the laws of Israel, without giving effect to its conflict-of-law provisions. You agree that any action brought against KIDOZ arising out of or relating to the Services or Product or these Terms of Use may be brought only before the courts of Tel Aviv, Israel.ANY CAUSE OF ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THE SERVICES MUST COMMENCE WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR AFTER THE CAUSE OF ACTION ACCRUES. OTHERWISE, SUCH CAUSE OF ACTION IS PERMANENTLY BARRED.
GENERAL
These Terms of Use, together with the Privacy Policy located at
https://kidoz.net/privacy-policy
and any other legal notices published by KIDOZ on the Website or Product shall constitute the entire agreement between you and KIDOZ concerning the Services. If any provision of these Terms of Use is deemed invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these Terms of Use, which shall remain in full force and effect. No waiver of any term of these Terms of Use shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or any other term, and KIDOZ failure to assert any right or provision under these Terms of Use shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
TCF Attestation
This serves as an attestation of Kidoz's commitment to the principles and guidelines outlined in the Interactive Advertising Bureau (IAB) Transparency and Consent Framework. We acknowledge the importance of transparency, data privacy, and responsible data practices in the digital advertising ecosystem. By adopting the IAB Transparency Framework, we affirm our dedication to promoting transparency and empowering users to make informed choices about their online advertising experiences.
Our commitment to the IAB Transparency and Consent Framework includes but is not limited to:
‍
•	Disclosure of Data Collection and Use: We will provide clear and meaningful disclosures to users regarding the collection, use, and sharing of their data, including the purpose and recipients of such data.
•	Enhanced Notice and User Controls: We will ensure that users are provided with prominent and easily accessible notice about data collection and usage practices, as well as the ability to exercise meaningful choices and control over their data.
•	Data Minimization and Purpose Limitation: We will collect and process user data only for specific, legitimate purposes and we will minimize the collection and retention of data to what is necessary to fulfill those purposes.
•	Data Accuracy and Accountability: We will take reasonable steps to ensure the accuracy and integrity of the data we collect, and we will implement appropriate measures to safeguard user data from unauthorized access, loss, or misuse.
•	Third-Party Data Partners: We will ensure that any third-party data partners we engage with adhere to the same high standards of transparency and user privacy, as outlined in the IAB Transparency Framework.
•	Compliance with Applicable Laws and Regulations: We will comply with all relevant laws, regulations, and self-regulatory codes related to data protection and advertising.
•	Ongoing Education and Awareness: We will continue to educate our employees, partners, and stakeholders about the importance of data privacy, transparency, and responsible data practices in the digital advertising ecosystem.
By adopting the IAB Transparency Framework, Kidoz is committed to creating a more trustworthy and user-centric advertising environment. We understand that achieving these goals requires continuous evaluation and improvement of our practices, and we pledge to stay informed about emerging trends and developments regarding data protection and transparency. We also understand that our compliance with the IAB Transparency Framework may be subject to verification or assessment by applicable authorities or industry bodies, and are committed to cooperating with any such inquiries. Through our adherence to the IAB Transparency Framework, we aim to prioritize transparency and data protection as members of the digital advertising industry.
Website and SDK Privacy Policy
[Last Updated: July 13, 2020]
‍
KIDOZ Ltd. (together with its subsidiaries, affiliates, employees, officers and directors, as applicable – collectively “
Company
” “
KIDOZ
” or “
we
” or “
us
” or “
our
“) is a mobile-driven company that provides a kid-safe environment and family-friendly designated products and mobile technology, such as our SDK, mobile apps, games, etc. (“
Products
”).
‍
KIDOZ respects the privacy of its Users and Business Partners (both as defined below, and collectively “
you
”). We believe it is important for you to make informed decisions regarding the use of our Services based on your understanding of what information we collect while you use our Services, what we do with such information, how we process it, with whom we share it, as well as your rights and choices regarding your information held by us. For this purpose, we have established this privacy policy (“
Privacy
Policy
”) which will further describe and detail our privacy practices while you use or otherwise interact with our following Products, in the event you are our Business Partner or a User (collectively “
Services
”):
Our website available at:
https://kidoz.net/
(“
Website
”) which is intended as a general audience website that enables visitors to learn more about our Products, and further applicable content and tools for our Business Partners, families and parents (as applicable).
Our Software Developer Kit (“
SDK
”) implemented by our third-party mobile application developer partners (“
Business
Partners
”) for the purpose of delivering children’s content-safe advertisements to users (“
User(s)
”) who download, use or otherwise interact with our Business Partner’s app (“
App
”).
‍
For more details regarding the terms and conditions for use of the Website, please read our Terms of Use (“
Terms
of
Use
”), a current copy of which is available at
https://kidoz.net/terms-of-use/
. For more details regarding the terms and conditions for use of our SDK, please read our Publisher Terms of Service (“
Publisher’s
Terms
”), a current copy of which is available at
https://kidoz.net/sdk-terms-and-conditions/.
Note that, this Privacy Policy is an integral part of the Terms of Use and Publisher’s Terms (collectively the “
Agreement
")
Please note that, this Privacy Policy solely applies to our privacy practices related to our Products, and it does not apply to the practices of companies that KIDOZ does not own or control or to people it does not employ or manage, as well as to our Business Partner’s privacy practices. Thus, we encourage you to review each App’s privacy policy in order to be aware of our Business Partners’ data collection and use practices while using their Apps.
‍
ACCEPTANCE OF THE TERMS:
BY USING THE SERVICES INCLUDING BUSINESS PARTNERS’ APPS, YOU HEREBY AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND TO THE COLLECTION AND USE OF CERTAIN INFORMATION, AS DESCRIBED IN THIS POLICY. ANY USE OR CONTINUED USE OF THE SERVICES CONSTITUTES YOUR AGREEMENT AND CONSENT TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS, PLEASE DO NOT ACCESS OR DOWNLOAD THE APP OR OTHERWISE USE THE SERVICES.
IF YOU ARE A PARENT OR LEGAL GUARDIAN (18 YEARS OF AGE OR OLDER) AND YOU PROVIDE YOUR CONSENT TO YOUR CHILDREN’S USE OF THE SERVICES, YOU CONSENT AND AGREE TO THE COLLECTION, USE AND DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION ABOUT YOU AND YOUR CHILDREN AS DESCRIBED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY.
‍
CHILDREN'S INFORMATION
‍
‍
Our Privacy Policy and our privacy practices adhere to the United States Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“
COPPA
”). We will not knowingly collect and store Personal Information directly from: (i) US resident children under 13 years of age without parental consent, except as permitted under COPPA; (ii) EU resident children under 16 years of age without parental consent, except as permitted under EU applicable law. If we believe that we have collected and stored Personal Information from a child (without the necessary parental consent or other legal basis to do so), we will delete the Personal Information provided as soon as feasibly possible. In any event, KIDOZ does not condition a child’s participation in or access to any online activity on the child providing more Personal Information than is reasonably necessary for that activity. If you are aware that your child has provided us with Personal Information not in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
support@kidoz.net
You may also contact us through the communication alternatives detailed herein (just scroll to the bottom of this Privacy Policy).Our Products, including our SDK, are designed as tools that enable kids to discover, launch and use our Business Partners’ Apps and other kid-friendly content safely, with parental controls managed through the Product. ­ Please note that the parental controls may vary (or may not be present) from Product to Product.
Kids Privacy Assured by PRIVO: COPPA Safe Harbor Certification
KIDOZ Ltd is a member of the PRIVO Kids Privacy Assured COPPA safe harbor certification program (“
the Program
”). The Program certification applies to the digital properties listed on the validation page that is viewable by clicking on the PRIVO Seal. PRIVO is an independent, third-party organization committed to safeguarding children’s personal information collected online. The PRIVO COPPA certification Seal posted on this page indicates
KIDOZ Ltd.
has established COPPA compliant privacy practices and has agreed to submit to PRIVO’s oversight and consumer dispute resolution process. If you have questions or concerns about our privacy practices, please contact us at
+972-9-779-6366
or support@kidoz.net . If you have further concerns after you have contacted us, you can contact PRIVO directly at privacy@privo.com
TYPES OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT
‍
We may collect different categories of information from you, either Personal or Non-Personal Information (as defined below) depending on the nature of your interaction with the Services, whether you are a Business Partner, a User or a visitor to our Website (or otherwise use the Websites features), all as detailed below.
The first type of information is non-identifiable information that may be made available or gathered through your use of the Services; to clarify, we are not aware of your identity based on such information (“
Non-Personal Information
”). The Non-Personal Information that is being collected may include your aggregated usage information and technical information transmitted by your device, including: (i) certain software and hardware information such as: type of operating system, type of device, language preference, the time and date you access our Services, your actions within our Services (e.g., registration, pages viewed, etc.), the URLs from which you were directed to our Website, search queries, etc.; and (ii) approximate geo-location (Country).
The second type of information is individually identifiable information, namely information that identifies an individual or may with reasonable effort identify an individual (“
Personal Information
”). Personal Information includes either (depending on your interaction with the Services): (i) contact information which you have submitted voluntarily such as your name and email address; or (ii) certain identifiers, such as your Internet Protocol (“IP”) addresses (the addresses of computers on the Internet), or Advertising ID, IDFA (“
Identifiers
”).
Note that the Identifiers are considered “Personal Information” in many jurisdictions (such as the EEA, as well as under COPPA), thus, KIDOZ treats Identifiers as such and complies with applicable laws.You are not required by law to provide us with any information. You can always refuse to supply Personal Information; however, you acknowledge that such refusal may prevent you from engaging in certain activities on the Website or Services. For example, if you are a Business Partner, we will not be able to provide you with the Services if you do not provide us with your name and email address, or, if you wish to receive our newsletter or communicate with us, we must obtain your email address.In addition, in the event we combine Personal Information with Non-Personal Information, the combined information will be treated as Personal Information for as long as it remains combined.
Information we collect from visitors of our Website (Including Users and Business Partners)
Type of Information
How Do We Use It?
In the event you contact us for support or other inquiries, either through the
online form
available in the Website, by sending us an email or by other means of communications we make available, you will provide us with your email address and may provide us with your name.
We will use this information solely for the purpose of responding to your inquiries and providing you with the support you have requested.
In the event you wish to
report us
regarding Abusive Content or Copyrights Infringement you will be required to provide us with your name and email address and may be asked to provide your mailing address.
We will use this information solely for the purpose of communicating with you regarding your report.
In the event you are interested in joining our team, and wish to
submit your CV
to published job offers, you will be required to provide us with your name, email address, and CV. You may also be asked to provide us with your phone number, location (City) and LinkedIn profile.
Your provision of personal information in connection with recruiting is voluntary, and you determine the extent of information you provide us. We do not request or require sensitive personal information concerning religion, health, sexual orientation, or political affiliation in connection with recruiting. We will use the information you have provided solely to communicate with you, to manage our recruiting and hiring processes, and for compliance with corporate governance and legal and regulatory requirements. If you are hired, the information may be used in connection with employment and corporate management.
Identifiers
We may collect Identifiers from visitors of our Website. We will use it in order to fulfil our legitimate interests of operating, managing our Websites, customizing and improving our Website and the content available therein.
We also collect certain technical Non-Personal Information (as detailed below) which relates to your use of the Website, the amount of time you spent viewing certain portions of the Website, etc.
We use this technical Non-Personal Information for the purpose of: (i) our legitimate interests of operating, providing, maintaining, protecting, managing, customizing and improving our Website and Services and the way in which we offer them; (ii) enhancing your experience with the Services; (iii)  our legitimate interests of auditing and tracking usage statistics and traffic flow, and detecting fraud, security or technical issues in connection with the Services; (iv) perform research, for analytical and statistical purposes, to improve our Services.
Information We Collect from Business Partners
If you are a Business Partner, we may collect the following information:
Type of Information
How Do We Use It?
In order to use our SDK and related services, you will be required to create a
Publisher Account.
During the registration flow you may provide us with certain information such as: full name, email address, company name and applicable URLs. Further, during the registration process the Business Partner will be required to create a password, at which time you thereby represent and warrant that you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your details and password. You represent and warrant that you will not provide inaccurate, misleading or false information to KIDOZ.
You may also choose to sign in with your Facebook or Google account.  The information we will receive depends on your privacy settings with the network and you should always review, and if necessary, adjust your privacy settings on third-party websites and services before linking or connecting them to our Services.
We will use this information for the purpose of performing our contract with you, provide you with the Services you have requested, and designate your account in order to display the applicable information on your account dashboard. We will use the email address in order to send you needed information related to the Services and our business engagement (e.g., send you a Welcome message, to notify you regarding any updates to our Products, changes in our requirements or privacy practices, and additional occasional communications related to the Services) as well as verify your identity.
If you voluntarily subscribe to our newsletter you will be asked to provide us with your email address. You can unsubscribe at any time using the unsubscribe option within the body of the newsletter or by contacting customer support at
support@kidoz.net
We will use your email address in order to send you information related to our Services and to keep you up to date regarding new Products, related news, updates, etc.
We also collect certain technical
Non-Personal Information
(as detailed below) that relates to your use of the Website including your Publisher Account, the amount of time you spent viewing certain portions of the Website, etc.
We use this technical Non-Personal Information for the purpose of: (i) our legitimate interests of operating, providing, maintaining, protecting, managing and customizing our Website and Services and the way in which we offer them; (ii) enhancing your experience with the Services; (iii)  our legitimate interests of auditing and tracking usage statistics and traffic flow, and detecting fraud, security or technical issues in connection with the Services; (iv) perform research, and gather demographic information for analytical and statistical purposes, to improve our Services.
Information we Collect from Users
Our SDK, which is integrated into a Business Partner’s App, is a piece of software that allows our Business Partners to provide Users with customized advertisements designated to children, both in terms of children’s safe content, as well as in terms of data collection. Meaning, we will not collect through our SDK any Personal Data without parental consent, except as permitted under applicable law and detailed below. In addition, we do NOT use any Personal Information collected for profiling (e.g., behavioral advertising) or cross device tracking. We solely serve contextual ads (e.g., if the User is interacting with a painting app, we will present advertisements related to painting). In case we need to collect any other Personal Information, which is not listed here, we will ensure parental consent is obtained before doing so, in the event required by applicable law.
‍
If you are a User, we may collect the following information:
Type of Information
How Do We Use It?
Approximate GEO location data
We will use this information solely in order to determine the User’s country and to target the applicable advertising campaign. Meaning, if the User is located in a country where the official language is Spanish, the advertisement represented shall be in that language.
Identifiers
·       We will use the Identifiers we collect for two purposes: (i) targeting the applicable advertising campaign (for example, to enable ad frequency capping); and (ii) maintaining or internally analyzing the functioning of our Services.
·       In any event, we use the Identifier solely for internal support purposes and/or in compliance with COPPA regulations
We also collect certain technical
Non-Personal Information
(as detailed below) which relates to the Users use of the App.
We use this technical Non-Personal Information for the purpose of: (i) our legitimate interests of operating, providing, maintaining, protecting, managing, customizing and improving our Services and the way in which we offer them; (ii) enhancing your experience with the Services; (iii)  our legitimate interests of auditing and tracking usage statistics and traffic flow, and detecting fraud, security or technical issues in connection with the Services; (iv) perform research, for analytical and statistical purposes, to improve our Services.
In addition to the above, we may offer blogs or other Public Forums (as defined in the “Terms of Service” governing the use of the Products) as well as other features in which a parent or other adult may provide us with Submissions (as defined in the Terms of Service), but we take measures, including live moderation, so that users cannot communicate Personal Information through these Public Forums. If you use a Public Forum on the Website, and disclose Personal Information that we do not detect, you should be aware that such information could be read, collected or used by other users. We are not responsible for any Personal Information you choose to submit in these Public Forums.We may use data in an aggregated, non-specific format for analytical purposes. Information is anonymous and aggregated and we will not link statistical information to any Personal Information. We may share such statistical information with our partners, without restriction. We also compile demographic data and usage-related information for a variety of uses in an aggregated or anonymized manner intended to remove or obscure any personal information which can identify any individual user.
HOW WE COLLECT INFORMATION
‍
Depending on the nature of your interaction with the Services, KIDOZ may collect information as follows:
Automatically
– KIDOZ primarily collects information from Users when a Business Partner serves an advertisement to a User through our SDK, as detailed above. In addition, we may use Cookies (as elaborated in the Section below) to gather some information automatically.
Provided by you voluntarily
– meaning, if and when you choose to provide us with information such as through a registration process, newsletter registration, contact us communications, etc. all as detailed in this Privacy Policy.
COOKIES
‍
We may use software technologies such as unique identifiers or “cookies” to collect and store information related to your interactions with the Website. Cookies are small data files that are placed onto your device by our servers. We may use temporary session cookies, which are terminated when you close the current session, to store certain Personal Information provided by you for purposes of administering that session. We also may use persistent cookies, which remain saved on your device after the current session is closed, to store information to facilitate future sessions. Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser settings to decline cookies or to notify you when a cookie is being placed on your device. Each browser is different, but generally users can remove cookies by following directions provided in the browser’s “help” file. Also, you are free to delete any existing cookies at any time. Please note that, if you reject cookies or disable cookies, some features of the Website may not function properly.
DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION
‍
‍
We do not disclose, share, sell, rent or otherwise distribute any of your Personal Information with or to any independent third parties
unless as specified herein:
Authorized Disclosures – we may disclose your Personal Information to third parties when you consent to a particular disclosure of your Personal Information. Please note that once we share your information with another third party, that information becomes subject to the other third party’s privacy practices.
Business Transfers – we may transfer our databases containing your Personal Information if we sell our business or any part of it. In the event of the aforementioned, our affiliated companies or acquiring company will assume the rights and obligations as described in this Privacy Policy.
Law Enforcement related disclosure – we may be required to share information (including Personal Information) collected in the event the information is required by law in order to prevent, investigate, or take action regarding illegal activities, situations involving potential threats to physical safety, rights, property or of any person, suspected fraud and violations of our Terms of Use. In addition, we will share information in response to legal process, court orders, subpoenas, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims.
Business Partners, Service Providers, Affiliates, and Subcontractors – we may disclose information, including Personal Information, we collect from and/or about you to our trusted affiliates, personnel, licensors, contractors, service providers, subcontractors and business partners who may use such information to help us provide you with the Services; for example, we will share the email addresses of users who have registered to our Newsletter, in order to provide them with direct marketing services. We authorize these third-party service providers to use Personal Information only for the purpose of providing the specific services requested by us.
Identifiers – we may share Identifiers, for the purpose of operating our business and providing the Services, meaning to serve the advertisements through our SDK, as well as to calculate payments and detect fraud, security or technical issues in connection with the Services.
DATA RETENTION
‍
We retain this collected information as long as it remains necessary for the purposes set forth above, all in accordance with applicable laws, or until an individual expresses a preference to opt-out. We may at our sole discretion, delete or amend information from our systems, without notice to you, once we deem it is no longer necessary for such purposes.
HOW WE PROTECT INFORMATION
‍
KIDOZ is committed to protecting your Personal Information. Thus, KIDOZ has implemented technical, physical and administrative security measures to protect the Personal Information submitted to and collected by us, both during transmission and once we receive it. In addition, KIDOZ limits access to your information on its servers, and it is password-protected as well as encrypted. The data collected by us is stored in the AWS data servers; for more information regarding the data security provided by AWS, please see:
https://aws.amazon.com/security/
. For additional information regarding KIDOZ’s security measures, please see:
https://kidoz.net/security/
. You should be aware, however, that there is no data that is transmitted over the Internet that can be guaranteed 100% secure in transmission or safe from theft or illegal capture.
YOUR RIGHTS, CHOICES AND CONTROL OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION:
You have a right to know what information we hold about you and, in some cases, to have such information communicated to you. You may also ask for our confirmation as to whether or not we process your Personal Information. Subject to the limitations in applicable law, you may also be entitled to obtain from us the Personal Information you provided to us in a structured, commonly-used, and machine-readable format, and may have the right to transmit such Personal Information to another party.
Your principal rights under applicable data protection law in relation to your Personal Information are as follows:
the right to access any information which is provided by you;
the right to rectification;
the right to erasure;
the right to restrict processing;
the right to object to processing;
the right to data portability;
the right to complain to a supervisory authority; and
the right to withdraw consent (to the extent applicable).
We provide you with the ability to exercise certain choices and controls in connection with our treatment of your Personal Information, depending on your relationship with us. If you wish to exercise any or all of the above rights, please contact us by email at:
support@kidoz.net
, or contact our Data Protection Officer at:
dpo@kidoz.net
, and let us know that you wish to exercise your right of access and specify what Personal Information you would like to receive. Where we are not able to provide you with the information which you have requested, we will endeavor to explain the reasoning for this. We reserve the right to ask for reasonable evidence to verify your identity before we provide you with any such information in accordance with applicable law. In addition, the process of locating and deleting the data may take up to one (1) month in accordance with applicable law. Data privacy and related laws in your jurisdiction may provide you with different or additional rights related to the data we collect from you, which may also apply.
BUSINESS PARTNERS DIRECT MARKETING
We may send our Business Partners an email or other messages about us or our Services. Our Business Partners can remove their Personal Information from our mailing list and stop receiving promotional communications from us by following the unsubscribe link located at the bottom of each communication or by emailing us at
support@kidoz.net
.  Please note that even if you unsubscribe, we reserve the right to send you service-related communications, including service announcements and administrative messages, relating either to your Publisher Account or to your transactions with the Services, without offering you the opportunity to opt out of receiving them unless you cancel your Publisher Account.
OPT-OUT
‍
You may easily opt out of the data collection, sharing process and targeted advertising services related to our Service. Please note that even if you opt-out, you will still receive content and advertising from KIDOZ. Opting-out simply means that the advertisements you do receive from us may not be contextual or repetitive ads may be displayed
MOBILE OPT-OUT:
You may limit the disclosure of certain information by your mobile device to us and our Business Partners by adjusting the settings on your mobile device. You should review your device settings and instructions. Notwithstanding, we provide the following instructions solely for informational purposes (as they might be revised by the device supplier): For iOS mobile Devices, go to “Settings” from your Device’s home screen; scroll down to “Privacy”; select “Advertising”; and turn on “Limit Ad Tracking.” For Android mobile Devices, go to “Google Settings” on your Device; select “Ads”; and check the box labeled “Opt Out of Interest-Based Ads.” Please read your device-specific information to learn how to opt-out:
ANDROID
iOS
WEBSITE OPT-OUT:
‍
You may control how your browser responds to cookies by adjusting the privacy and security settings of your web browser.
Please refer to the support page of the browser you are using. In this regard, following are some links that you may find useful:
Google
Firefox
Internet Explorer
Safari
Edge
Opera
INDUSTRY STANDARDS
‍
You may opt out of certain advertisers’ cookies and browser-enabled, interest-based advertising at the Network Advertising Initiative’s (“NAI”) website –
NAI consumer opt-out
and the Digital Advertising Alliance’s (“DAA”) website –
DAA opt-out page
.
BUSINESS OPT-OUT
‍
Our Business Partners may also provide ways for you to opt out from or limit their collection of information from and about you. Please refer to the privacy policies for the Apps to learn more about the privacy practices of our Business Partners.If you have any additional complaints about your privacy rights, please initially contact the Data Protection Officer. Please note that you have the right at any time to contact your local data protection authority. You may also contact us at:
support@kidoz.net
, or as detailed below, and we will be happy to assist you. Note that once you opt out, part of the Services provided by us might no longer be available and some features may not work if you revoke the data transfer.
THIRD PARTY SITES AND SERVICES
‍
This Privacy Policy applies solely to the information collected by KIDOZ through the Services and does not apply to any other websites, applications or services. Portions of the Website or Services (including, without limitation, advertisements) may involve linking to or using websites or services belonging to third parties, such as various icons, shortcuts or other means of access. The Website and/or Services may also provide you with links to access the applications of third party vendors or companies. We have no control over third-party sites or services, including Business Partner’s Apps, and all use of third-party sites or services, including Business Partner’s Apps, is at your own risk. We cannot accept responsibility for the privacy practices of any such third parties or Business Partners. We are not responsible for content available by means of such sites, services or Apps. KIDOZ does not endorse any products or services offered by third parties or by our Business Partners and we urge you to exercise caution in using third-party sites, services or Apps and review their privacy practices.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
‍
This policy may change from time to time and we will post the amended terms on the Website and notify you by email of substantial changes. Amended terms will take effect immediately for new users, and 10 days after they are posted for existing users. You should review the Privacy Policy periodically to remain informed of any changes. You agree to accept posting of a revised Privacy Policy as actual notice to you. Your continued use of the Services following any changes to this Privacy Policy have been posted as of the “Last Updated” date above (or, if applicable, notified) signifies your acceptance of those changes. If you do not agree to the revised Privacy Policy, please refrain from using our Services and contact us by sending an email to:
support@kidoz.net
.
COMMENTS AND QUESTIONS
‍
If you have any comments or questions about our privacy policy, please contact us at:
KIDOZ Ltd.
12 Haomanut Street,
Poleg Industrial Park
PO BOX 8517
Netanya, Israel
+972-9-779-6366
You can also contact us via email at:
support@kidoz.net
DATA PROTECTION OFFICER
‍
If you have any requests regarding the data collected under this Privacy Policy, including without limitation, requests to remove, delete, amend, modify or transfer the data, please contact our Data Protection Officer at:
dpo@kidoz.net
‍
Please be sure to include your information in any correspondence to us so that we can respond to your inquiry in a timely manner.
CONNECT YOUR AUDIENCE WITH TOP BRANDS USING KIDOZ SAFE MONETIZATION SDK
KIDOZ SDK provides effective quality monetization that is fully COPPA and GDPR compliant.
Certified compliant with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) by FTC-approved safe harbor and child privacy experts,
PRIVO
KIDOZ SDK implements all necessary features to ensure compliance with Google Play and App Store regulations, including:
Mandatory Age Gates on external links (iOS)
Showing one ad per screen (Google)
Clearly distinguish ads from content
Ad content rating matches referring app content rating
KIDOZ is one of Google Play’s certified ad networks
Every campaign & ad creative is checked manually by our in-house team
All ad campaigns are reviewed manually for relevance, appropriateness and compliance
All ad campaigns are checked manually to ensure that they do not collect any personal information, such as name, date of birth, email address, location, etc.
Campaigns are displayed in most relevant apps
Developers working with Kidoz are required to mark the content targeting of their apps when adding them to Kidoz dashboard.
Kidoz editorial team then manually checks each app and compares the age rating with that shown in Google Play and AppStore to target only appropriate ads for a certain age (e.g. 5 and under)
Ad campaigns are displayed in apps that are most relevant, based on age, gender and content, to ensure suitability and successful delivery
KIDOZ SDK Data Policy
NO Behavioral Targeting or Re-marketing
NO Personal Information or Identifiers are collected & shared with advertisers
Campaign data is deleted after 60 days
All ads are delivered with KIDOZ watermark
KIDOZ proudly features campaigns from top kids brands
‍
All of KIDOZ campaigns are ensured relevant and only include promotions from top brands for kids:
Report Content
Report Abusive Content
Report Copyright Infringement
Report Abusive Content
KIDOZ takes issues of privacy and copyright very seriously and does all it can to prevent abuse and infringement of rights on our mobile apps, website and PC program (“KIDOZ Services”).As a platform for content discovery for kids, KIDOZ is extremely sensitive to the importance of providing kid-friendly content and makes every effort to ensure that only appropriate content is offered in our libraries. All content provided by KIDOZ is from official and/or reliable sources, reviewed for its relevance and suitability to kids.KIDOZ offers access to online content and applications and respects all laws regarding copyright and infringement. If you believe that content accessible through KIDOZ Services infringes a copyright, please report this to us and we will handle it immediately.
General report form
This form shall be used for complaints regarding any form of abuse, inappropriate content or any violation of the KIDOZ Terms of Use.
KIDOZ does not undertake in any way to accept your complaint and/or to take any action, and it shall act or refrain from taking action at its sole discretion after considering your complaint and verifying the information you provide.
Your Name
Email Address
Mailing Address
Identify the content on our service that is subject of your complaint
Identify the location of this content on KIDOZ
How is the content abusive of the Terms?
By submitting this notice, you declare that the information in the notice is accurate.
I agree
Thank you! Your submission has been received!
Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form.
Report Copyright Infringement
KIDOZ takes the protection of intellectual property rights, including copyrights, very seriously. It is KIDOZ policy to respond to clear notices of alleged copyright infringement that comply with the requirements of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (the “DMCA”).The fastest way to report a copyright infringement on KIDOZ is to fill out our automated form below.You can also send a DMCA notice to our designated agent (KIDOZ designated Copyright Agent may be contacted at: info@kidoz.net  with the words “Copyright Agent” in the Subject of your mail). Such report must include the following information and details:
A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly being infringed.
Clear and precise identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed (in a form enabling us to verify the claim);
Details of infringing materials and their Internet location (on KIDOZ).
Contact information of the complaining party, including a physical address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted.
A statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the complaint matter is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.​
Upon receipt of such notification, KIDOZ shall promptly investigate the matter, and, if appropriate, remove or disable access to the allegedly infringing material.For full details of KIDOZ terms and policies regarding copyright infringement, please read our Terms of Use.
Copyright Infringement Report Form
Your Name
Email Address
Telephone
Identify the copyrighted work that you claim has been stolen
(Please provide clear and precise identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, in a form enabling us to verify the claim.)(Please provide clear and precise identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, in a form enabling us to verify the claim.)
Identify the content on our site that you claim infringes your copyright
Location of infringing content on KIDOZ
How is the content abusive of the Terms?
By submitting this notice, you declare that you have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted content described above, in the complaint matter, is not authorized by the copyright owner, it's agent or the law. You also declare the information in this notice is accurate. And finally, you declare under penalty of perjury, that you are the owner or authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive copyright that is allegedly infringed.
I agree
Thank you! Your submission has been received!
Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form.
PRIVACY POLICY
KIDOZ Applications
[Last Modified: November 11, 2020]
KIDOZ Ltd. (together with its subsidiaries, affiliates, employees, officers and directors, as applicable – collectively “Company” “KIDOZ” or “we” or “us” or “our “) is a mobile-driven company that provides a kid-safe environment and family-friendly designated products and mobile technology, such as KIDOZ Discover the Best application, an entertainment solution for kids that combines safety, engagement appropriate children’s content (“KID Mode App”) and other child friendly mobile applications (collectively “App(s)” and together with the features and services provided therein shall be defined as the “Services”).KIDOZ respects the privacy of its users (both parents and children, and collectively “you” or “user”). We believe it is important for you to make informed decisions regarding the use of our Services based on your understanding of what information we collect through the use of our Apps, what we do with such information, how we process it, with whom we share it, as well as your rights and choices regarding your information processed by us. For this purpose, we have drafted this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”), which will further describe and detail our privacy practices while you use or otherwise interact with our Apps; but before that, we would like to explain the basis on which we process data:
Where you sign up for any of our Services, we process personal data in order to perform our contract with you;
If we have a legitimate interest in processing data, such as for direct marketing or online identifiers when you access our Website or interact with our Services, subject to applicable law provisions; or
We will also process personal data where you have provided us with consent to do so.
Agreement
”).
For more details regarding the terms and conditions for use of the Apps, please read our Terms of Use (“Terms of Use”), a current copy of which is available
here.
Note that this Privacy Policy is an integral part of the Terms of Use (collectively the “
Agreement
”).
CHILDREN'S INFORMATION
‍
Our Privacy Policy and our privacy practices adhere to the United States Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”), as well as other applicable laws. We will not knowingly collect and store Personal Information directly from: (i) US resident children under 13 years of age without parental consent, except as permitted under COPPA; (ii) EU resident children under 16 years of age without parental consent, except as permitted under EU applicable law. If we believe that we have collected and stored Personal Information from a child (without the necessary parental consent or other legal basis to do so), we will delete the Personal Information provided as soon as feasibly possible. If you are aware that your child has provided us with Personal Information not in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
support@kidoz.net
. You may also contact us, through the communication alternatives detailed herein (just scroll to the bottom of this Privacy Policy).
KIDOZ Ltd is a member of the PRIVO Kids Privacy Assured COPPA safe harbor certification Program (“the Program”). The Program certification applies to the digital properties listed on the certification page that is viewable by clicking on the PRIVO Seal. PRIVO is an independent, third-party organization committed to safeguarding children's personal information collected online. The PRIVO COPPA safe harbor certification Seal posted on this page indicates KIDOZ Ltd has established COPPA compliant privacy practices and has agreed to submit to PRIVO’s oversight and consumer dispute resolution process. If you have questions or concerns about our privacy practices, please contact us at +972-9-779-6366 or
support@kidoz.net.
If you have further concerns after you have contacted us, you can contact PRIVO directly at
privacy@privo.com.
PARENT KIDOZ ACCOUNT
In order to use certain features of the KID Mode App, you as parent will be requested to create a designated Parent KIDOZ Account (“Account”). By creating an Account, you provide your consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your child’s Personal Information as described in this Privacy Policy, and as needed per Product. If at any time you do not want you or your child to be bound by these terms, you must deactivate your Account by emailing your request to:
support@kidoz.net
or uninstalling the App from your mobile device. You represent and warrant that you are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your Account details and password, and for any and all activity made under the Account. You represent and warrant that you will not provide inaccurate, misleading or false information to KIDOZ, and that you will provide only your own or your child’s information. Following the creation of your Account, you will be able to access your designated dashboard, activate parental controls to your preference and view certain child usage information (some features will require payment).
During Registration, and subject to applicable legal requirements, the parent will be requested to provide consent to the processing of the child’s Personal Information related to the child’s use of the App (as detailed herein). Following which, a verification email will be sent to the email address provided through registration. The parent will be required to follow the instructions detailed in the verification email and activate the Account within the period defined therein (“Pending Period”). In the event the parent does not activate the Account within the Pending Period, the Account will be blocked until the parent either requests to resend the verification email and subsequently activates the account, or chooses to proceed solely as a guest (meaning, some features will not be available). In this latter case, the parent account and all child profiles under the parent account will be removed from the KIDOZ database and all user activity information previously collected will be deleted and no additional data will be collected for that user.
In either event, following the Pending Period, KIDOZ will cease to collect any information related to the specific user’s use of the App. In addition, in the event the parent does not activate the Account within the given time period even after having requested a new verification email and parent does not choose to proceed as a Guest, in other words, there is no user activity at all for this account, KIDOZ will delete the Personal Information related to the child’s use of the App. The Account will remain Active until either User chooses to use KIDOZ as a Guest or Parent requests to close Account.
TYPES OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT
‍
We may collect different categories of information from you, either Personal or Non-Personal Information (as defined below) depending on the nature of your interaction with the Services, all as detailed below.The first type of information is non-identifiable information that may be made available or gathered through your use of the Services; to clarify, we are not aware of your identity based on such information (“Non-Personal Information”). The Non-Personal Information that is being collected may include your aggregated usage information and technical information transmitted by your device, including certain software and hardware information such as: device brand, screen size, UDID, type of operating system, type of device, language preference, the time and date you access our Services, your actions within our Services (e.g., registration, pages viewed, etc.), the URLs from which you were directed to our Services, search queries within our Services, etc., and approximate geo-location (Country).
The second type of information is individually identifiable information, namely information that identifies an individual or may with reasonable effort identify an individual (“
Personal
Information
”). Personal Information includes information voluntarily provided by you as well as certain identifiers, such as Internet Protocol (“
IP
”) addresses, or mobile advertising identifiers – Google Advertising ID and Apple IDFA (“
Identifiers
”). Note that the Identifiers are considered “Personal Information” in many jurisdictions (such as the EEA, as well as under COPPA), thus, KIDOZ treats Identifiers as such and complies with applicable laws. With regards to our use of Identifiers and your ability to opt-out of such data collection, please see the table below (under Identifiers), as well the “mobile opt out” provision below.
You are not required by law to provide us with certain Personal Information. You can always refuse to provide certain Personal Information; however, you acknowledge that such refusal may prevent you from engaging in certain activities on the Website or Services.
In the event we combine Personal Information with Non-Personal Information, the combined information will be treated as Personal Information for as long as it remains combined.
The table below details the information we collect, why we collect it and how we use it:
Type of Information
How Do We Use It?
To use KID Mode App and related services, you as parent will be required to
create an Account
. During the registration flow you will be requested to provide us with a valid email address as well as choose your Account’s designated parent password.
We will use this information for the purpose of performing our contract with the parent, provide the requested Services, and designate the Account through which you will be able to access the dashboard and use the tools provided therein. We will also use the email address in order to send the parent needed information related to our Services and additional occasional promotional communications related to the Services, as well as verify your identity.
To create the child(ren)’s “
KID Profile
” you as parent will be requested to provide your child’s gender, first name and birth month and year.
We will use such information to personalize the child’s experience, including providing direct access to third-party apps and content that we find to be appropriate and relevant for the child, based on age and language.
If you
contact us
for support or other inquiries through any means of communication available in our Services you will be required to provide us with a valid email address and may provide us with your name.
We will use this information solely for the purpose of responding to your inquiries directly on a one-time basis and providing you with the support you have requested.
If you voluntarily
subscribe to our newsletter
you will be asked to provide us with a valid email address. You can unsubscribe at any time using the unsubscribe option within the body of the newsletter or by contacting customer support at
support@kidoz.net
We will use the email address in order to send the information related to our Services and to keep you up to date regarding new Products, related news, updates, etc.
Identifiers
We will use this information solely to determine the user’s country to provide applicable content and target advertising campaign.
Prior to the KID Mode App installation process, you will be requested to provide access permission to your device’s Camera, Storage, Phone Use, and Microphone Use.
Access is required to use certain features of the Services such as to enable the child to use the camera through the KID Mode App and to use Voice Search feature. We will NOT save nor collect any voice records or any photos stored on the device.  As part of our child-safe environment, we need to access Phone Use to block children’s use.
Prior to the KID Mode App installation process, you will be requested to provide permission to access the list of applications installed on your device.
We will use this information solely for the purpose of recommending you content you do not have already as well as to create a safer environment   for your child and display only child-appropriate apps and content.
Payment Details – the use of some features of our Service will require payment. These features currently include, but are not limited to, advanced parental control options (KIDOZ Pro), and KIDOZ coins, for use to purchase apps in the KIDOZ App Store.
We do not collect your payment details. We employ third-party payment processors and thus, your payment details will be subject to such third-party payment processors’ privacy practices.  Currently we use BlueSnap whose privacy policy is available at:
http://www.bluesnap.com/privacy-policy/
We also collect certain
technical Non-Personal Information
(as detailed below) that relates to your use of the Services, the amount of time you spent viewing certain portions of the Services, etc.
We use this technical Non-Personal Information for the purpose of: (i) our legitimate interests of operating, providing, maintaining, protecting, managing, customizing and improving our Apps and Services and the way in which we offer them; (ii) providing you with your child’s content usage information through the dashboard; (iii) enhancing the experience with the Services; (iv)  our legitimate interests of auditing and tracking usage statistics and traffic flow, and detecting fraud, security or technical issues in connection with the Services; (v) perform research, for analytical and statistical purposes, to improve our Services.
Should we need to collect additional Personal Information other than the Personal Information detailed above, we will send a parent an applicable request and obtain consent prior to collection, if required under applicable law.We may use data in an aggregated, non-specific format for analytical purposes. This information is anonymous and will not be linked to any Personal Information. We may share such statistical information with our partners, without restriction.
How We Collect Information
Depending on the nature of your interaction with the Services, KIDOZ may collect information as follows: (i) Automatically – KIDOZ collects information automatically transmitted from the device; (ii) Provided by you voluntarily – meaning, if and when you choose to provide us with information such as through a registration process, newsletter registration, contact us communications, etc.
COOKIES AND KIDOZ SOFTWARE DEVELOPER KIT
‍
We may integrate our KIDOZ Software Developer Kit (“SDK”) into the Apps to serve third-party child-appropriate advertisements. As detailed above, we do NOT use any Personal Information collected for profiling. For more information, please see
https://kidoz.net/website-and-kidoz-sdk-privacy-policy/
, which details the types of information collected by our SDK or when you use our Website.
In addition, our Website (through which you are able to access your parent Account and the dashboard) may include cookies that might include your IP address, such as:
Google Analytics:
The Google Analytics cookie is placed to track and analyze the use of our Services, for internal analytic purposes. To learn more about how Google uses data from our use of Google Analytics Cookies, we recommend that you review Google’s policies located at:
google.com/policies/privacy/partners
. We also encourage you to review Google Analytics currently available opt-outs for the web tool available at:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
and,
https://adssettings.google.com/
authenticated.
‍
Hubspot:
The Hubspot privacy policy can be found at:
https://legal.hubspot.com/privacy-policy
. We use Hubspot technology to provide and perform our direct marketing services.
‍
Mailchimp:
The Mailchimp privacy policy can be found at:
https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy
. We use Mailchimp technology to provide and perform our direct marketing services.
‍
MailMunch:
The MailMunch privacy policy can be found at:
https://legal.mailmunch.com/privacy
. We may use MailMunch plug-in technology to provide and perform our direct marketing services.
‍
DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION
‍
We
do not disclose, share, sell, rent or otherwise distribute any of your or your child’s Personal Information with or to any independent third parties
unless as specified herein:
Authorized Disclosures
– we may disclose Personal Information to third parties when you consent to a particular disclosure. Please note that once we share your information with another third party, that information becomes subject to the other third party’s privacy practices.
Business Transfers
– we may transfer our databases containing Personal Information if we sell our business or any part of it. In that event, our affiliated companies or acquiring company will assume the rights and obligations as described in this Privacy Policy.
Law Enforcement related disclosure
– we may be required to share information (including Personal Information) collected if the information is required by law to prevent, investigate, or take action regarding illegal activities, situations involving potential threats to physical safety, rights, property or of any person, suspected fraud and violations of our terms and agreements and in response to legal process, court orders, subpoenas, or to establish or exercise our legal rights.
Business Partners, Service Providers, Affiliates, and Subcontractors
– we may disclose information (including Personal Information) to our trusted affiliates, personnel, licensors, contractors, service providers, subcontractors and business partners who may use such information to help us provide you with the Services. For example, we will share the email addresses of users who have registered to our Newsletter, in order to provide them with direct marketing services. We authorize these third-party service providers to use Personal Information only for the purpose of providing the specific services.
Identifiers
– we may share Identifiers for the purpose of operating our business and providing the Services, meaning to serve the advertisements through our SDK, as well as to detect fraud, security or technical issues in connection with the Services.
DATA RETENTION
‍
We retain this collected information as long as it remains necessary for the purposes set forth above, all in accordance with applicable laws, or until individuals express a preference to opt-out or delete their Personal Information. We may, at our sole discretion, delete or amend information from our systems, without notice, once we deem it is no longer needed for such purposes.
HOW WE PROTECT INFORMATION
‍
KIDOZ is committed to protecting your and your child’s Personal Information. Thus, KIDOZ has implemented technical, physical and administrative security measures to protect the Personal Information submitted to and collected by us, both during transmission and once we receive it. In addition, KIDOZ limits access to the information on its servers, and it is password-protected as well as encrypted. The data collected by us is stored in the AWS data servers; for more information regarding the data security provided by AWS, please see:
https://aws.amazon.com/security/
. For additional information regarding KIDOZ’s security measures, please see:
https://kidoz.net/security/
. You should be aware, however, that there is no data that is transmitted over the Internet that can be guaranteed 100% secure in transmission or safe from theft or illegal capture.
YOUR RIGHTS, CHOICES AND CONTROL OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION:
Our users have a right to know what information we hold about them and their child and, in some cases, to have such information communicated to them. Our users may also ask for our confirmation as to whether or not we process their or their child’s Personal Information. Subject to the limitations in applicable law, users may also be entitled to obtain from us the Personal Information they have provided to us in a structured, commonly-used, and machine-readable format, and may have the right to transmit such Personal Information to another party. The principal rights under applicable data protection laws in relation to Personal Information are as follows:
the right to access any information which is provided by the user;
the right to rectification;
the right to erasure;
the right to restrict processing;
the right to object to processing;
the right to data portability;
the right to complain to a supervisory authority; and
the right to withdraw consent (to the extent applicable).
We provide our users with the ability to exercise certain choices and controls in connection with our treatment of their Personal Information, depending on their relationship with us. If you wish to exercise any or all of the above rights, please contact us by email at:
support@kidoz.net
, or contact our Data Protection Officer at:
dpo@kidoz.net
, and let us know that you wish to exercise your right of access and specify what Personal Information you would like to receive or delete (including if you wish to delete the Account). Where we are not able to provide you with the information you have requested, we will endeavor to explain the reasoning for this. We reserve the right to ask for reasonable evidence to verify your identity before we provide you with any such information in accordance with applicable law. In addition, the process of locating and deleting the data may take up to one (1) month in accordance with applicable law. Data privacy and related laws in your jurisdiction may provide you with different or additional rights related to the data we collect from you, which may also apply.
UNSUBSCRIBE FROM DIRECT MARKETING
You may revoke permission to receive promotional messages at any time by contacting customer support at
support@kidoz.net
or by following the unsubscribe link located at the bottom of each communication. Please note that even if you unsubscribe, we reserve the right to send you service-related communications, announcements and administrative messages.
OPT-OUT
‍
You may easily opt out of certain automatic data collection, sharing processes and targeted advertising services related to our Service. Please note that even if you opt-out, you will still receive content and advertising. Opting-out simply means that the advertisements you do receive may not be contextual.
MOBILE OPT-OUT:
‍
You may limit the disclosure of certain information collected from your mobile device by adjusting the settings on your mobile device. You should review your device settings and instructions. Notwithstanding, we provide the following instructions solely for informational purposes (as they might be revised by the device supplier): For iOS mobile devices, go to “Settings” from your device’s home screen; scroll down to “Privacy”; select “Advertising”; and turn on “Limit Ad Tracking.” For Android mobile devices, go to “Google Settings” on your device; select “Ads”; and check the box labeled “Opt Out of Interest-Based Ads.” Please read your device-specific information to learn how to opt-out:
ANDROID
iOS
WEBSITE OPT-OUT:
‍
You may control how your browser responds to cookies by adjusting the privacy and security settings of your web browser.
Please refer to the support page of the browser you are using. In this regard, following are some links that you may find useful:
Google Chrome
FireFox
Internet Explorer
Safari
Edge
Opera
INDUSTRY STANDARDS
‍
You may opt out of certain advertisers’ cookies and browser-enabled, interest-based advertising at the Network Advertising Initiative’s (“NAI”) website –
NAI consumer opt-out
and the Digital Advertising Alliance’s (“DAA”) website –
DAA opt-out page
.
Note that once you opt out, part of the Services provided by us might no longer be available and some features may not work if you revoke the data transfer.
THIRD-PARTY SITES AND SERVICES
‍
This Privacy Policy applies solely to the information collected by KIDOZ through the Services and does not apply to any other websites, applications or services. Portions of the Services (including, without limitation, advertisements) may involve linking to or using Third-Party Services such as various icons, shortcuts, applications or other means of access. Though we make best efforts to review such Services and ensure their suitability for children, we have no control over Third-Party Services and all use of such services is at your own risk. We cannot accept responsibility for the privacy practices of any such Third-Party Services and we are not responsible for content made available by them. KIDOZ does not endorse any Third-Party Services and we urge you to exercise caution in using them and to review their privacy practices. Kidoz is using the YouTube Data API service in order to allow a filtered and safe use of YouTube’s content. By using the Kidoz OS solution you acknowledge and accept the
YouTube API terms of service
. Please also refer to
Google’s Privacy Policy
.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
‍
‍This policy may change from time to time and we will post the amended terms and notify you by email in the event of substantial changes. Amended terms will take effect immediately for new users, and 10 days after they are posted for existing users. You should review the Privacy Policy periodically to remain informed of any changes. You agree to accept posting of a revised Privacy Policy as actual notice to you. Your continued use of the Services following any changes to this Privacy Policy have been posted as of the “Last Updated” date above (or, if applicable, notified) signifies your acceptance of those changes. If you do not agree to the revised Privacy Policy, please refrain from using our Services and contact us by sending an email to:
support@kidoz.net
Comments and Questions
‍
If you have any comments or questions about our Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
KIDOZ Ltd.
12 Haomanut Street,
Poleg Industrial Park
PO BOX 8517
Netanya, Israel
+972-9-779-6366
You can also contact us via email at:
support@kidoz.net
.
DATA PROTECTION OFFICER
If you have any requests regarding the data collected under this Privacy Policy, including without limitation, requests to remove, delete, amend, modify or transfer the data, please contact our Data Protection Officer at:
dpo@kidoz.net
.Please be sure to include your information in any correspondence to us so that we can respond to your inquiry in a timely manner.
INFORMATION SECURITY POLICY
Kidoz Ltd. (“
Company”
, “
we
” or “
us
”) takes information security seriously and has created this security overview and policy (“
Security Policy
”) to disclose our practices in safeguarding Personal Data processed through our services (“
Service(s)
”). We have implemented the below technical and organizational measures to protect the Personal Data, processed by us, against loss, unlawful acts and destruction, alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access, etc.
‍
As part of our GDPR compliance process we have prepared this Security Policy to provide you with a summary of the security measures and policies it obtains, further, we require our partners and employees to comply with these standards and implement the same security measures when working with us.
THIS SECURITY POLICY OUTLINES THE COMPANY’S CURRENT SECURITY PRACTICES AS OF THE “LAST UPDATED” DATE INDICATED ABOVE. WE WILL KEEP UPDATING THIS POLICY FROM TIME TO TIME, AS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAWS AND OUR INTERNAL POLICIES.
SYSTEM ACCESS CONTROL
Access to corporate systems is restricted and is based on procedures to ensure appropriate approvals are provided solely if needed. In addition, remote access and wireless computing capabilities are restricted and require that both user and system safeguards. The systems are also protected and solely authorized employees may access the systems by using a designated password and user name protections.
PHYSICAL ACCESS CONTROL
The Company secures any physical access to its offices and server centers. The Company secures access to its offices and ensures that solely authorized persons have access such as employees and visitors. The offices are protected by an alarm system and the servers are located in a protected facilities in which the physical access is controlled by professional security staff. We work with Amazon, as its main storage processor, therefore if you need more information we recommend to review Amazon Security policy as well available
here
When the Personal Data is transferred to the applicable servers it is always done in a secure and encrypted manner. Further, the Company has entered in to applicable and binding processing agreements with each service provider.
DATA ACCESS CONTROL
‍
The access to the Personal Data is restricted to solely the employees that “need to know” and is protected by passwords and user names. Access to the Personal Data is secured and is highly managed by access control policies. The Company uses high level security measures to ensure that the Personal Data will not be accessed, modified, copied, used, transferred or deleted without specific authorization. The Company audits any and all access to the database and any authorized access is immediately reported and handled. Each employee is able to perform actions solely according to the permissions determined by the Company. Each access is logged and monitored, and any unauthorized access is automatically reported. Further, the Company has ongoing review of which employees’ have authorizations, to assess whether access is still required. Company revokes access immediately upon termination of employment. Authorized individuals can solely access Personal Data that is established in their individual profiles.
TRANSFER CONTROL
‍
The goal of transfer control is to ensure that Personal Data cannot be read, copied, modified or removed by unauthorized parties during the electronic transmission of these data or during their transport or storage in the applicable data center. Thus, any access to the Personal Data from beyond the Company network is solely possible by means of a secured VPN access. Further, any and all transfers of the data (either between the servers, from client side to server side and between Company’s designated partners) is secured (HTTPS) and encrypted.
DATA RETENTION
Personal Data and raw data are all deleted as soon as possible or legally applicable.
JOB CONTROL
Employees, partners and applicable processors are all signed on binding agreements all of which include applicable data provisions and data security obligations. As part of the employment process, employees undergo a screening and are provided with access to the database solely upon training to ensure he or she are well educated and responsible to handle the Personal Data. Employees are bound to comply with this Security Policy in addition to internal security policies and procedures and breaking or not complying with such shall result in disciplinary actions. To ensure the employees stay educated and up to date with applicable policies and legislation the Company hold annual compliance training which include data security education.
AVAILABILITY CONTROL
The Company’s servers include an automated backup procedure. The Company has a backup concept which includes automated daily backups. Periodical checks are preformed to determine that the backup have occurred.
TERMS OF SERVICE – KIDOZ USER AND PUBLISHER AGREEMENT
PARTICIPATION IN THE KIDOZ ONLINE SERVICES AND/OR ACCESS OF THE KIDOZ TECHNOLOGY INDICATES THAT YOU ACCEPT THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS (THE “KIDOZ USER AND PUBLISHER AGREEMENT” OR “AGREEMENT”). IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL OF THE TERMS IN THIS AGREEMENT AND ALL TERMS, POLICIES AND GUIDELINES INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, KIDOZ PRIVACY POLICY, YOU MAY NOT ACCESS OR OTHERWISE PARTICIPATE IN THE KIDOZ ONLINE SERVICES OR THE KIDOZ TECHNOLOGY.
“KIDOZ User” means any entity who accesses a Publisher Account and/or Publisher Prepared Media and/or Publisher Online Services Data and/or Kidoz Technology and/or Online Services (all as defined below), which will also be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement. The Online Services are available only to individuals who are at least 18 years old and to companies that are appropriately licensed and otherwise legally permitted to conduct business. You represent and warrant that (a), if you are an individual, you are at least 18 years old, and (b) if you are a company or other type of organization that you are appropriately licensed and legally permitted to conduct business.
“Publisher” means any entity identified in a KIDOZ enrolment form submitted by the same or affiliated persons, and/or any agency, network or other third party that has access to a Publisher Account and/or Publisher Prepared Media and/or Publisher Online Services Data (all as defined below), which will also be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement. The Online Services are available only to individuals who are at least 18 years old and to companies that are appropriately licensed and otherwise legally permitted to conduct business. You represent and warrant that (a), if you are an individual, you are at least 18 years old, and (b) if you are a company or other type of organization that you are appropriately licensed and legally permitted to conduct business.
This Agreement constitutes the entire and only agreement between KIDOZ User and/or Publisher and KIDOZ, Inc. (“KIDOZ”), and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous agreements, representations, warranties and understandings with respect to the content, products or services provided by KIDOZ (“KIDOZ Technology”), and the subject matter of this Agreement. This Agreement may be amended at any time by KIDOZ without specific notice to you. The latest agreement will be posted on
www.kidoz.net
(the “Site”), and you should review this Agreement prior to using the Site or the Online Services.
KIDOZ and KIDOZ User and Publisher will be hereinafter individually referred to as a “Party” and jointly referred to as the “Parties”. Publisher is a type of KIDOZ User and will be included in any use of the term KIDOZ User.
1. Definitions
Ad –
means a public digital communication that promotes a product, service, brand or event, or other communication designed to inform or influence an End User.
Ad Inventory –
means the total amount of space a Publisher has available for advertisements at a given time.
Ad Space –
means the area of an App, CTV Content, or Website that is dedicated to the display of Ads.
Advertiser –
means a company, organization, or individual that pays or otherwise contracts for Ads to be presented to an End User.
App –
means a software application developed or published by Publisher which may contain Ad Space.
CTV Content –
means content designed for display on a device connected to or embedded in a television to support video content streaming which may contain Ad Space.
End User –
means a person or entity utilizing an App.
KIDOZ –
means KIDOZ Inc. and any of its affiliates, assignees, and successors.
KIDOZ SDK –
means the software development kit provided by KIDOZ to Publisher or KIDOZ User pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, as may be updated by KIDOZ from time to time in its sole discretion.
KIDOZ Technology –
means all code, content, data, routines, algorithms, methods, ideas, designs, user interface techniques, trade practices, media, apps, websites, protocols, software, materials, and documentation owned or licensed by KIDOZ including without limitation the Online Services, and the KIDOZ SDK.
KIDOZ User–
holds the meaning as defined in the preamble.
Net Revenue –
means all revenues payable by Advertiser to KIDOZ for the placement of Ads within the advertising spaces on Publisher App(s) through KIDOZ Online Services.
Online Services –
means the set of services provided by KIDOZ which facilitate End Users ability to receive Online Services Ads in Publisher Prepared Media via the sale of Ad Spaces.
Online Services Ads –
means any Ads handled by the Online Services for display in the Publisher Prepared Media.
Online Services Data –
means any data handled, managed, or transmitted by and between the Online Services and the Publisher Prepared Media.
Online Services Interface –
means the protocols, APIs and user interface by which KIDOZ User and/or Publisher and/or Publisher Prepared Media can connect to and interact with the Online Services.
Publisher –
holds the meaning as defined in the preamble.
Publisher Dashboard -
means the section of the Online Services Interface where KIDOZ provides Publisher access to curated Online Services Data displaying performance of the Ads served on Publisher Prepared Media.
Publisher Prepared Media –
means any App, CTV Content, or Website that either includes the KIDOZ SDK, utilizes tags provided by KIDOZ, or connects to the Online Services via OpenRTB or other communication protocol.
Site –
means the KIDOZ website at
www.kidoz.ne
t.
Website –
means a collection of publicly accessible, interlinked Web pages that share a single domain name which may contain Ad Space.
2. Description of Online Services.
KIDOZ will serve Ads provided by Advertisers, for display in Publisher Prepared Media, via the Online Services based upon the criteria selected by Publisher via the Online Services Interface. The Online Services Interface may be updated by KIDOZ from time to time without notice to you. KIDOZ will use commercially reasonable efforts to maximize the sale of Ad Space within Publisher Prepared Media to Advertisers pursuant to the specifications set forth as per the integration.
3. Implementation of Online Services.
‍
KIDOZ User and/or Publisher will implement the Online Services in a manner that complies with the technical and implementation requirements provided on the Site or in writing by KIDOZ to KIDOZ User  and/or Publisher, including those instructions contained in the documentation regarding the Online Services Interface. Without limiting the foregoing, KIDOZ User and/or Publisher acknowledges and agrees to the following:
3.1. No Obligation.
KIDOZ will have no obligation to process a request for Online Services Ads that are not sent in compliance with the requirements of this Agreement. If KIDOZ is notified by KIDOZ User and/or Publisher or otherwise becomes aware and determines in its sole discretion that and item or portion of the Online Services Ads and/or Online Services Data and/or Publisher Prepared Media and/or Publisher trade names, trademarks, service marks, logos, domain names, and other distinctive brand features (“Publisher Marks”): (i) violates the intellectual property rights or any other rights of any third party; (ii) violates any applicable law or is subject to an injunction; (iii) is pornographic, obscene or otherwise violates this Agreement; (iv) is being distributed by KIDOZ User and/or Publisher improperly; or (v) may create liability for KIDOZ, KIDOZ may reject, remove, withdraw from, not display or cease displaying that Online Services Ad and/or Online Services Data from the Online Services entirely with no liability to KIDOZ. KIDOZ User and/or Publisher has and will continue to abide by an appropriate privacy policy and will comply with all applicable laws relating to the collection and use of information from End Users of Publisher Prepared Media. Publisher must post a privacy policy in each item of Publisher Prepared Media and such policy, where applicable, must provide notice of Publisher’s use of a cookie or other mechanism for a third party to collect end user traffic diagnostics.
3.2. Prohibited Actions.
KIDOZ User and/or Publisher will not, and will not allow any third party to: (a) directly or indirectly access, launch and/or activate the KIDOZ Technology through or from, or otherwise incorporate the KIDOZ Technology in, any software application, website or other means other than the Publisher Prepared Media, and then only to the extent expressly permitted herein; (b) transfer, sell, lease, syndicate, sub-syndicate, lend, or use for co- branding, timesharing, service bureau or other unauthorized purposes the KIDOZ Technology or access thereto (including, but not limited to ads, including without limitation Online Services Ads and Online Services Data, or any part, copy or derivative thereof); (c) directly or indirectly generate queries, or impressions of or clicks on ads, including without limitation Online Services Ads, through any automated, deceptive, fraudulent or other invalid means (including, but not limited to, click spam, robots, macro Online Services, and Internet agents); (d) encourage or require End Users or any other persons, either with or without their knowledge, to click on ads, including without limitation Online Services Ads, through offering incentives or any other methods that are manipulative, deceptive, malicious or fraudulent; (e) modify, adapt, translate, prepare derivative works from, decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble or otherwise attempt to derive source code from the KIDOZ Technology; (f) remove, deface, obscure, or alter KIDOZ copyright notice, trademarks or other proprietary rights notices affixed to or provided as a part of the KIDOZ Technology; (g) create or attempt to create a substitute or similar service or product through use of or access to any of the KIDOZ Technology or proprietary information related thereto; or (h) utilize any feature or functionality of the KIDOZ Technology, or include anything in Online Services Data or Online Services Ads, that could be so utilized to personally identify and/or personally track individual end users or any other persons.
3.3. Online Services.
Online Services are to be used only for serving Ads to Publisher Prepared Media. KIDOZ User and/or Publisher may not use the Online Services with Publisher Prepared Media that: (i) promotes or depicts illegal activity or violence; (ii) advocates against a particular group; (iii) infringes a third party’s rights; (iv) introduces viruses, spyware, and malware; (v) contains sexually explicit content; (vi) depicts illicit drugs and drug paraphernalia; (vii) promotes online casinos and gambling; (viii) promotes weapons or ammunition; (ix) promotes hard alcohol; (x) could harm minors in any way; or (xi) contains any content that is illegal, promotes illegal activity, or provides information that is misleading, inaccurate, or infringes on the legal rights of others.
3.4 Advertiser Content.
KIDOZ shall cause that Advertisers warrant to KIDOZ that (i) all creative materials provided to KIDOZ and included within Ads are either original to Advertisers or Advertisers have all necessary rights for using Ads for the purposes described herein; (ii) Advertisers have the power and authority to display Ads in Ads Inventory; (iii)  Ads shall not contain any of the following content, at KIDOZ sole discretion: indecent, obscene or pornographic material, hate speech, highly controversial content, drugs, cigarettes and content associated with smoking, content that promotes violence, content that violates any applicable law, regulation or third Parties, and content that disparages, ridicules, derogates, harasses, threatens, defames, or libels any third Party or any product or service provided by a third Party; (iv) the Ads shall not contain or proliferate taxes, spyware, adware or malicious code and shall not otherwise overburden, disrupt, damage, or impair the mobile content and games provided by Publishers via KIDOZ and to third Parties; and (v) the Ads are legal to distribute, do not and shall not infringe on any third-party intellectual property right (including, without limitation, trademarks, patents, copyrights, rights of publicity, moral rights, or any other third-party right) and do not otherwise violate any applicable law or regulation, including any criminal law. Notwithstanding the foregoing, alcohol advertising is subject to prohibition or restriction with respect to the laws or regulations of certain countries, and Advertisers represent and warrant that they shall not target people under the legal drinking age according to such laws or regulations in their Ads.
4. Online Services Term.
This Agreement will be effective for a KIDOZ User as of the date KIDOZ User accesses Kidoz Online Services and/or Kidoz Technology and will be effective for a Publisher as of the date KIDOZ activates Publisher’s Online Services account and will continue until terminated, as provided in this Agreement (the “Online Services Term”). Publisher may terminate this Agreement, with or without cause, at any time by sending written notice to
info@kidoz.net
of Publisher’s desire to cancel Publisher’s participation in the Online Services. This Agreement will be deemed terminated within ten (10) business days of KIDOZ receipt of your notice.
If Publisher violates this Agreement, KIDOZ may in its sole discretion and without prior notice, immediately suspend the participation of any or all of Publisher Prepared Media in all or part of the Online Services.
KIDOZ may terminate this Agreement and terminate the participation of Publisher Prepared Media in all or part of the Online Services, with or without cause, upon thirty (30) days’ prior notice.
5. Data and Reporting Measures.
KIDOZ shall grant Publisher exclusive access to your Publisher Dashboard, which contains the following data:
Impressions
Clicks
CTR
eCPM
Revenues
KIDOZ may, but is not obligated to, display other data beyond the above, and for periods longer than 6 months back.
‍
KIDOZ books and records shall constitute final evidence regarding downloads and impressions of the Online Services counted by KIDOZ for the purpose of calculating the consideration due to Publisher hereunder.
‍
6. Account and Dashboard.
The account opened for Publisher by KIDOZ:
Is for Publisher use only.
Cannot be transferred.
Will be used occasionally to provide Publisher with news, updates of terms and policies and general communication between Publisher and KIDOZ.
Keeping Publisher account credentials private is the sole responsibility of Publisher. From time to time, KIDOZ may require Publisher consent to new terms. Complying and approving those terms may be a condition for continued use of the Online Services. Failing to approve mandatory changes/updates may result in suspension of Online Services and/or termination of the agreement.
7. Licenses.
KIDOZ grants KIDOZ User and/or Publisher a worldwide, revocable, non-transferable, non-exclusive and non-sub licensable license during the Online Services Term to (a) integrate the KIDOZ SDK with Publisher’s Apps solely for internal use; (b) use, reproduce and distribute certain portions of the KIDOZ SDK as required by Publisher for the sole purpose of distribution of Publisher’s Apps and solely as enabled by and in accordance with the documentation provided by KIDOZ; (c) use the Online Services Interface solely for the purpose of transmitting Online Services requests and other required information and receiving Publisher Dashboard reporting data solely to the extent permitted hereunder. Except to the limited extent expressly provided in this Agreement, KIDOZ does not grant, and KIDOZ User and/or Publisher will not acquire any right, title or interest (including, without limitation, any implied license) in or to any KIDOZ intellectual property rights; and all rights not expressly granted herein are reserved to KIDOZ.
‍
Publisher grants to KIDOZ the limited, revocable, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable right during the Term (as defined above) to: (i) sell (and have sold) Ad Spaces in Publisher Prepared Media; (ii) promote, market and report such Publisher Prepared Media to actual and prospective Advertisers; and (iii) display, or facilitate the display of Ads in the Publisher Prepared Media in response to ad request calls.
8. Fee and Payment.
In consideration of the sale of Ad Space from Publisher Prepared Media to Advertisers, KIDOZ shall be entitled to deduct a fee on the Net Revenues equal to the amount as agreed by Parties by this Agreement (the “Fee”).
Based on the report available to Publisher in the Publisher Dashboard within three (3) calendar days following the end of the month, KIDOZ shall pay to Publisher an amount equal to the Net Revenues generated during the previous month less the Fee (“the Revenue”). If there is a discrepancy of more than eight percent (8%) between Publisher’s impression counts and KIDOZ impression counts for a given month, the Parties will work together in good faith to resolve such discrepancy. If the discrepancy cannot be resolved within thirty (30) calendar days, the Parties shall share the amount of such discrepancy and both Publisher and KIDOZ may each immediately terminate this Agreement. Such payment shall occur no later than thirty (30) calendar days following the end of the month. The report made available to Publisher by KIDOZ shall indicate, at the minimum, the Net Revenues generated per country and the Revenue during the precedent month.
Payment will be made in US dollars. The Parties agree that KIDOZ obligation to pay the revenues referred to herein shall not be subject to KIDOZ receipt of funds from the applicable advertisers. In the event an advertiser does not pay KIDOZ, KIDOZ shall undertake all necessary actions to obtain payment from advertisers. Late payments will be subject to late fees at the rate of 3% per month, or if lower, the maximum rate allowed by law. KIDOZ may hold any payment until the cumulative amount owed to Publisher totals at least $100.
KIDOZ is responsible for paying all applicable sales, use or other taxes or duties, tariffs applicable to the provision and use of the Online Service except for taxes on Publisher’s net income. In the event that KIDOZ is obliged to withhold any tax from the payments arising out of this Agreement, KIDOZ shall provide prompt notice to Publisher of such fact in writing and provide Publisher with a treaty residency or any other document requested by Publisher to allow it to obtain a credit in respect of the amounts withheld.
9. Data Use.
KIDOZ may retain and use data and other information, subject to the stipulations of its Privacy Policy, and where applicable, any Data Processing Agreement entered into between the Parties, setting forth the Parties’ responsibilities and obligations regarding the Processing of Personal Data, and forming integral part of this Agreement.
10.  Confidentiality; Publicity.
Each party agrees not to disclose the other party’s Confidential Information without the other party’s prior written consent. “Confidential Information” includes without limitation: (a) all software, technology, programming, specifications, materials, guidelines and documentation relating to the KIDOZ Technology, including without limitation the Online Services, and including the existence and content of this Agreement and any information provided pursuant to the Agreement; (b) any statistics relating to the performance of the Online Services; (c) any other information designated in writing by either party as “Confidential” or an equivalent designation; and (d) information disclosed under circumstances that a reasonable person should know such information is confidential/proprietary. Confidential Information does not include information that has become publicly known through no breach by the receiving party, or information that has been (i) independently developed without access to the disclosing party’s Confidential Information as evidenced in writing; (ii) rightfully received by the receiving party from a third party; or (iii) required to be disclosed by law or by a governmental authority. Neither party will use the other party’s name and logo in any news release, public announcement, advertisement, or other form of publicity without the prior written consent of the other party (which includes email), except that either party may use the other party’s name and logo on such party’s website and in publicity that announces the parties are working together.
11.  Advertisements and Content Availability.
KIDOZ has the sole discretion in deciding what content and Ads are sent to be displayed in Publisher Prepared Content. Publisher may, when terms allow and capabilities are available, customize Publisher Prepared Content and advertisement preferences through Publisher account. KIDOZ cannot guarantee the availability of content and Ads regardless of whether Publisher has customized preferences or not and shall not be liable or responsible in those cases.
Publisher understands and accepts that when no advertisements are available, KIDOZ shall do its best to produce other content recommendations, including items that do not provide monetization.
12. Disclaimer.
KIDOZ does not represent or warrant that KIDOZ Technology is reliable, accurate, complete, or otherwise free from defects. Accordingly, the KIDOZ Technology is made available for use “as is”, and any use thereof will be undertaken solely at KIDOZ User and/or Publishers own risk. KIDOZ reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to include or cease providing the KIDOZ Technology at any time (subject to notice as may be required herein), and KIDOZ does not give or enter into any conditions, warranties or other terms with regard to the KIDOZ Technology. In particular, no condition, warranty or other term is given or entered into to the effect that the KIDOZ Technology will be of satisfactory quality, no infringement, or that the KIDOZ Technology will be fit for any particular purpose.
13. Limitation of Liability.
NEITHER PARTY WILL BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER OR ANY THIRD-PARTY CLAIMANT FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, CONSEQUENTIAL (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOST PROFITS OR LOST DATA COLLECTED THROUGH THE ONLINE SERVICES), OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, WHETHER BASED ON A CLAIM OR ACTION OF CONTRACT, WARRANTY, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, OR OTHER TORT, BREACH OF ANY STATUTORY DUTY, INDEMNITY OR CONTRIBUTION, OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE LIMITATIONS OR EXCLUSIONS IN THIS AND THE FOREGOING PARAGRAPH MAY NOT APPLY. In any event, KIDOZ total cumulative liability to KIDOZ User and/or Publisher for any loss or damages resulting from any claims, demands, or actions arising out of or relating to this Agreement will not exceed the net amount paid by Publisher to KIDOZ in the six-month period immediately preceding the date of the claim.
14. Representations and Warranties.
KIDOZ User and/or Publisher represents and warrants that they: (i) have and will maintain throughout the Online Services Term all end user consents and all rights, authorizations and licenses (including without limitation any copyright, trademark, patent, publicity or other rights) that are required with respect to Online Services Ads or Online Services Data to permit KIDOZ to perform the services contemplated under this Agreement (including without limitation any rights needed to host, cache, route, transmit, store, copy, modify, distribute, perform, display, reformat, excerpt, analyze, and create algorithms from and derivative works of Online Services Ads or Online Services Data); (ii) will not advertise anything illegal or engage in any illegal or fraudulent business practice; (iii) confirm all of the information provided by Publisher to KIDOZ to enroll in the Online Services is correct and current; (iv) have all necessary right, power, and authority to enter into this Agreement and to perform the acts required of KIDOZ User and/or Publisher hereunder; and (v) have complied and will continue to comply with all applicable laws, statutes, ordinances, and regulations (including without limitation any relevant data protection or privacy laws) in performance of any acts hereunder. KIDOZ represents and warrants that: (i) it has the power and authority to grant the rights and perform the obligations to which it commits herein; (ii) KIDOZ SDK, which includes the SDK, any tags provided by KIDOZ, and the API (a) do not infringe any intellectual property rights, including but not limited to any patent, trademark, service mark, design, copyright (whatever the status of the foregoing elements, i.e. whether pending or registered), trade name, trade secret or any other right of any third party, and that KIDOZ shall hold Publisher harmless and free from any claim, demand or suit of actual infringement related thereto, and (b) does not distribute viruses or other malware; and that (iii) its Online Services Interface will not knowingly violate the intellectual property rights of any third party.
15. Indemnification.
KIDOZ User and/or Publisher agrees to defend, hold harmless and indemnify KIDOZ and its affiliated companies, and each of their officers, directors, employees, agents, licensees (collectively, the “KIDOZ Indemnitees”) from and against any and all liabilities, losses, damages, costs and expenses (including reasonable legal fees and expenses) relating to or arising out of or from (a) KIDOZ User and/or Publisher’s use or inability to use the Online Services; (b) KIDOZ User and/or Publisher’s violation of any terms of this Agreement; or (c) KIDOZ User and/or Publisher’s violation of any applicable laws, rules or regulations.
KIDOZ agrees to defend, hold harmless and indemnify Publisher and its affiliated companies, and each of their officers, directors, employees, agents, licensees (collectively, the “Publisher Indemnitees”) from and against any and all liabilities, losses, damages, costs and expenses (including reasonable legal fees and expenses) relating to or arising out of or from: (a) any third party claim arising out of or relating to any allegation that would constitute KIDOZ breach of one of its obligations and/or warranties of this Agreement and (b) any allegation that an Ad served by the Online Services on the Publisher Prepared Media infringes or violates the rights of any third party, is defamatory, libelous, obscene, deceptive or violates any applicable law; (c) KIDOZ violation of any terms of this Agreement; (d) KIDOZ violation of any applicable laws, rules or regulations.
‍
The indemnified Party will provide the indemnitor with prompt notice of any claim (provided that the failure to promptly notify shall only relieve indemnitor of its obligation to the extent it can demonstrate material prejudice from such failure) and at the indemnitor’s expense, provide assistance reasonably necessary to defend such claim.  The indemnitor will not enter into a settlement that would result in liability to the indemnified Party without the indemnified Party’s prior written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.
16. Compliance with COPPA for Publishers.
Although KIDOZ invests great effort in certifying its Online Services as COPPA compliant and will do its best to update all partners in case of a change in this status, it is Publisher’s sole responsibility to ensure that Publisher Prepared Media are COPPA compliant prior to and post integration with the Online Services, if you wish to maintain COPPA compliance.
‍
Integration with our Online Services does not make your App COPPA compliant.
17. Accepted Applications.
KIDOZ reserves the exclusive right to deny KIDOZ User and/or Publisher or any Publisher Prepared Media from using or appearing on KIDOZ service, and to remove KIDOZ User and/or Publisher and any Publisher Prepared Media from KIDOZ network and to delete Publisher’s account without providing any cause, if deemed as inappropriate or in violation of any parts of this agreement upon written notice to Publisher.
18. Transmitted Information.
Any information sent from KIDOZ Technology, including Online Services, or KIDOZ to KIDOZ User and/or Publisher, such as Google Advertiser ID, personal user information or other, shall remain at KIDOZ User and/or Publisher’s sole discretion and may not be shared with third parties unless used for the sole purpose of Analytics and cannot be accessed by the third party.
19.  Additional Compliance.
Our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy do not apply between Publisher and Publisher’s End Users. It is Publisher’s responsibility to decide how to update Publisher’s End Users with any changes in your Publisher Prepared Media, resulting from the integration of KIDOZ SDK or connection to the Online Services.
‍
It is Publisher’s sole responsibility to comply with other programs, institutions, legal bodies or companies’ policies and terms, including but not limited to Google developers’ terms, publisher terms, Family program, YouTube terms and others.
20. Usage of the Online Services.
KIDOZ User and/or Publisher is obligated to use the Online Services as instructed in the appropriate sources.
‍
KIDOZ User and/or Publisher must provide End Users with sufficient value in Publisher Prepared Media beyond the content our Online Services provide.
‍
KIDOZ User and/or Publishers cannot display an overlay on the Online Services tools, content and creatives.
‍
KIDOZ User and/or Publishers cannot change, modify, edit, add, or remove any of the Online Services tools, content and creative.
21. Force Majeure.
21.1. “Force Majeure” means the occurrence of an event or circumstance that either prevents, impedes, delays or adversely affects a party from performing one or more of its contractual obligations under the Agreement (each of them, “impediment”), if and to the extent that that party proves: [a] that such impediment is beyond its reasonable control; and [b] that it could not reasonably have been foreseen at the time of the conclusion of the Agreement; and [c] that the effects of the impediment could not reasonably have been avoided or overcome by the affected party.
‍
21.2. The following events affecting a party shall be presumed to be impediments: (i) plague, epidemic, disease, natural disaster or extreme natural event; (ii) measures of any governmental authority whether lawful or unlawful, compliance with any law or governmental order, expropriation, seizure of works, requisition (iii) war, riots insurrection, act of terrorism, sabotage, piracy or the likes, currency and trade restriction, embargo (iv) explosion, fire, destruction of equipment, black-out, prolonged break-down of transport or delivery system, telecommunication, information system or energy.
‍
21.3. A party successfully invoking this Clause is relieved from its duty to perform its obligations under the Agreement and from any liability in damages or from any other contractual remedy for breach of the Agreement, from the time at which the impediment causes impediment, provided that a reasonable notice thereof with good faith estimation of the impact and duration of force majeure is given without delay. Such notice shall also clarify the circumstances and the ongoing actions to minimize the losses and solve the problem.
‍
21.4. Where the effect of the impediment or event invoked is temporary, the above consequences shall apply only as long as the impediment caused by force majeure exists. Unless otherwise agreed, the Agreement may be terminated by either party by means of a simple written notice if the duration of the impediment exceeds ninety (90) days.
22. Miscellaneous.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of British Columbia, Canada without regard to the conflicts of laws and provisions thereof. Any claims, legal proceeding or litigation arising in connection with this Agreement will be brought solely in British Columbia, Canada, and you consent to the jurisdiction of such courts. Neither party’s waiver of any default is a waiver of any subsequent default. Unenforceable provisions will be modified to reflect the party’s intention, and remaining provisions of the Agreement will remain in full effect. Parties may not assign any of their respective rights hereunder without the other Party’s written acceptance, and any such attempt is void (except to successors in the event of merger, acquisition or sale of all or substantially all of each Party’s assets). KIDOZ User and/or Publisher and KIDOZ are not legal partners or agents but are independent contractors. Notwithstanding termination of this Agreement, the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement that by their sense and context are intended to survive the performance hereof by the parties hereunder, shall survive and continue in effect.
23. Singular and Plural Terms.
Where the context of this Agreement requires, singular terms shall be considered plural, and plural terms shall be considered singular.
24. Contact.
If you have questions or wish to send us comments about these terms, please send an email with your questions or comments to:
support@kidoz.net
.
‍
Please be assured that any personal information that you provide in communications to the above address will not be used to send you promotional materials, unless you so request.
GDPR OVERVIEW
Following the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), which took effect on May 25, 2018, Kidoz Ltd. (“Kidoz” or “Company”) took all steps necessary and has been certified as GDPR compliant.
Data Processing
‍
Company only processes personal data to the extent necessary to provide the Kidoz services and in accordance with applicable privacy laws including the GDPR.  Company has ensured there is an applicable lawful basis for any and all processing of EEA users’ Personal Data and the lawful basis is documented. Further, Kidoz, in its role as our partners’ processor has ensured applicable Data Processing Agreements were signed and that Kidoz implemented appropriate security measures (as detailed below) to protect the data processed by it.
Education
‍
Company has trained its personnel and employees to educate them with regards to the GDPR, Company’s data practices and the importance of security.
Technological Organizational and Security Standards
‍
Company has completed an in-depth audit the process of mapping out all of its data sets and its technical and organizational security measures, all as stipulated in our security policy- for more information please see our
Information Security Policy
. Our tech and security teams are currently hard at work making necessary changes to the facilities.
Legal Documentation
‍
Company has ensured all documents, including without limitations, agreements, privacy policies online terms, etc. are compliant with the GDPR. Our Legal team is busy ensuring our legal documentation is updated to reflect any changes and to include the mandatory Processor provisions required by Article 28 of the GDPR.
Data Protection Officer
‍
Company has appointed a DPO in order to ensure ongoing compliance with the GDPR which can be contacted at:
dpo@kidoz.net
.
User Rights
In accordance with GDPR, data subjects may exercise the right to access, rectification, restrict processing, erasure, data portability, the right to complain to a supervisory authority and the right to not be subject to automated processing. In order to exercise any of the above rights we have appointed a DPO which you may contact at:
dpo@kidoz.net
and have internal process of ensuring that end users are able to manage their communication preferences in a way that puts control in the data subject’s hands.
Transparency to Regulators
‍
Company maintains accurate and accessible written records to the extent legally required to provide authorities, all in a timely manner.
Incident Responsiveness
Company has implemented a process, in the event of a data breach and will provide the data controllers, the regulators and the end users with an immediacy of notification to the extent required under applicable law.
DISCLAIMER: THIS WEBSITE IS NEITHER A MAGNUM OPUS ON EU DATA PRIVACY NOR LEGAL ADVICE FOR YOUR COMPANY TO USE IN COMPLYING WITH EU DATA PRIVACY LAWS LIKE THE GDPR. INSTEAD, IT PROVIDES BACKGROUND INFORMATION TO HELP YOU BETTER UNDERSTAND HOW WE, AT KIDOZ, HAVE ADDRESSED SOME IMPORTANT LEGAL POINTS. THIS LEGAL INFORMATION IS NOT THE SAME AS LEGAL ADVICE, WHERE AN ATTORNEY APPLIES THE LAW TO YOUR SPECIFIC CIRCUMSTANCES, SO WE INSIST THAT YOU CONSULT AN ATTORNEY IF YOU’D LIKE ADVICE ON YOUR INTERPRETATION OF THIS INFORMATION OR ITS ACCURACY. YOU MAY NOT RELY ON THIS PAPER AS LEGAL ADVICE, NOR AS A RECOMMENDATION OF ANY PARTICULAR LEGAL UNDERSTANDING.
Kidoz and GDPR-K Compliance:
Safeguarding Children's Digital Privacy
At Kidoz, we recognize the paramount importance of protecting children’s privacy in the digital world. This white paper outlines our commitment and comprehensive approach to ensuring full compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), particularly its provisions for children (GDPR-K). Through our technology, stringent policies, and transparent practices, Kidoz not only meets but exceeds the requirements set forth to safeguard children’s personal data.
Background
The digital landscape presents unique challenges and opportunities, particularly when it comes to advertising to children. Compliance with GDPR-K and COPPA is not just a regulatory requirement but a cornerstone of trust between families, brands, and content publishers. Kidoz has risen to this challenge, creating a contextual mobile advertising network that respects privacy while enabling sustainable revenue for app developers.
About Kidoz
Kidoz is a leading provider of child-safe digital advertising solutions. Recognizing the vulnerability of children in the digital ecosystem, we have embedded privacy and safety into the DNA of our services, ensuring a secure and positive online experience for our young users.
Key Provisions and Kidz's Alignment
GDPR-K emphasizes several critical areas: the age of digital consent, data minimization, privacy by design, clear communication, and strict limits on data sharing and marketing. Kidoz adheres to these principles, implementing robust measures to comply with each requirement.
Kidoz's Approach to GDPR-K Compliance
Data Privacy and Protection Policies
Kidoz has developed comprehensive data protection policies that govern every aspect of our operations. From data collection to processing and sharing, we ensure the highest standards of privacy and security. Our policies are regularly reviewed and audited by an official certifier, PRIVO.
‍
Please find a case study, written by PRIVO about our effort regarding GDPR-K:
https://www.privo.com/kidoz-case-study
Consent Verification
In addressing the essential considerations surrounding the age of digital consent under GDPR-K, Kidoz adopts a universally cautious approach, operating on the principle that
ALL users
within our network are treated as if they are below the age of digital consent.
This policy underscores our steadfast commitment to privacy and safety, ensuring that no personal data is ever shared with third parties.
When responding to advertising requests, Kidoz meticulously removes any personally identifiable information (PII) from the transaction. This rigorous process ensures that every ad served through our network is entirely devoid of personal data, upholding our promise to safeguard user privacy at every turn. By default, we operate with the highest standards of data protection, effectively ensuring that our user base is shielded from any form of data sharing that could compromise their privacy.
Privacy by Design
From the initial stages of product development to each subsequent update, Kidoz integrates privacy by design principles. This approach means that every new feature, service, or product we develop undergoes rigorous privacy impact assessments to identify and mitigate risks to children's data privacy. Our engineering teams are trained to prioritize privacy, ensuring that the default settings for all our services are always set to the highest level of data protection.
Kidoz's Commitment to Clearly Labeled Advertising
Kidoz takes a transparent approach to advertising by distinctly labeling our ads, ensuring they are easily recognized as advertisements and not mistaken for content. This practice is fundamental to maintaining the integrity of our user experience, fostering trust among children, parents, and content publishers alike. By incorporating a clear, consistent watermark across all our advertisements, Kidoz guarantees that users can effortlessly distinguish between entertainment or educational content and promotional material
Ad Platform Innovation
In our pursuit of setting industry benchmarks for responsible and child-friendly digital advertising, Kidoz not only rigorously ensured its advertising platform met stricter GDPR-K compliance standards but also implemented an exhaustive manual review process.
Every campaign and ad creative submitted to our network is meticulously examined by our dedicated in-house team
. This hands-on approach ensures that all advertisements are not only relevant and appropriate for our young audience but also fully compliant with the strictest privacy standards.
Following this manual filtration our system is intricately designed to automatically
filter out any campaign or ad creative that could potentially collect personal information
, such as names, birth dates, email addresses, or locations. This comprehensive review process ensures all advertisements are relevant, appropriate for our young audience, and strictly adhere to privacy regulations. By integrating this dual-layered approach—combining automated safeguards with human oversight—Kidoz underscores its unwavering commitment to creating a secure and nurturing digital environment, completely free of privacy concerns.
COPPA and GDPRkids™ Compliance
In our dedication to exceed the standard requirements for children's online privacy, the Kidoz team has proactively sought and attained oversight from an FTC-approved
COPPA Safe Harbor
through
PRIVO
, affirming our platform's compliance with the stringent measures designed to protect children aged 13 and under.
Furthering our commitment to global privacy standards, Kidoz has also become a proud participant in
GDPR
kids
™ Privacy Assured Program
. This initiative aligns with the GDPR's nuanced approach to children's privacy, recognizing the varying ages of consent across EU member states and the UK, which range from 13 to 16 years old.
Sub-policy 1
https://consumer.huawei.com/en/privacy/privacy-policy/:
We use cookies to improve our site and your experience. By continuing to browse our site you accept our cookie policy.
Find out more
HUAWEI Privacy
Overview
Built-in Security
Privacy Control
Professional Certifications
Privacy Statement
Huawei Consumer Business Privacy Statement
How Huawei
                                                                Collects and Uses Your Personal Data
How Huawei
                                                                Uses Cookies and Similar Technologies
How Huawei
                                                                Entrusts, Shares, Transfers, and Discloses Your Personal
                                                                Data
How Huawei
                                                                Protects Your Personal Data
How You
                                                                Can Manage Your Personal Data
How Huawei
                                                                Processes the Personal Data of Minors
Links to
                                                                Third-Party Websites, Products, and Services
How Your
                                                                Personal Data Is Transferred Globally
Updates to
                                                                This Statement
How to
                                                                Contact Us
Huawei Device Co., Ltd. and its global affiliates
                                                                    (collectively, "Huawei", "we", "us", or "our")
                                                                    respect your privacy. We hereby develop this Privacy
                                                                    Statement (referred to as "this Statement") to help
                                                                    you understand how we collect, use, disclose,
                                                                    protect, store, and transmit your personal data.
                                                                    Please take a moment to read this Statement
                                                                    carefully and
contact
                                                                        us
if you have any questions.
This Statement applies to Huawei products and
                                                                    services that display or mention this Statement,
                                                                    including feature phones, smartphones,
                                                                    laptops/tablets, Huawei Vision, wearable devices,
                                                                    mobile broadband devices, home routers, smart
                                                                    household appliances, accessories, PC apps, mobile
                                                                    Internet apps (referred to as "apps"), software,
                                                                    toolkits, websites, and services.
Besides this Statement, we recommend that you
                                                                    carefully read Huawei's privacy statement or
                                                                    supplementary notice (referred to as the "Product
                                                                    Privacy Notice") specific to the product or service
                                                                    to be used.
The Product Privacy Notice is an
                                                                        important part of this Statement. It provides
                                                                        basic information, such as how each product or
                                                                        service processes your personal data, how to
                                                                        exercise your data subject rights, who are data
                                                                        controllers, and how to contact the controllers.
                                                                        The Product Privacy Notice shall prevail in the
                                                                        event of any conflict with this Statement. For
                                                                        other parts, this Statement shall prevail.
How Huawei Collects and Uses Your Personal Data
1. How Huawei Collects Your Personal
                                                                            Data
Personal information refers to any type of information recorded electronically or otherwise relating to an identified or identifiable natural person, excluding information that has been anonymized. We may collect your personal data when you use our products or services or interact with us. Different types of data will be collected, depending on the service you use and your interactions with us. In some cases, you can choose not to provide such data, but this may prevent us from providing you with corresponding products or services, or may mean that we cannot respond to or resolve any issues you have raised.
When providing you with related products or services, we may also collect and summarize statistics, such as website visits, app downloads, and product sales volume, to understand how our products and services are used. For the purposes of this Statement, the preceding statistics are regarded as non-personal data. We will try our best to isolate your personal data from non-personal data and use them separately. The personal data mixed with non-personal data will still be treated as personal data.
We will collect and use your personal data only for the purposes described in this Statement and Product Privacy Notice. The following are some examples of personal data we may collect:
(1) Personal data that you provide to
                                                                            Huawei
You need to register a HUAWEI ID to enjoy certain
                                                                        functions or services. When you register a
                                                                        HUAWEI ID or log in to your HUAWEI ID to shop
                                                                        online, download software, or purchase services,
                                                                        we may ask you to provide relevant personal
                                                                        data, such as your name, email address, mobile
                                                                        number, order information, shipping address, and
                                                                        payment method.
Some Huawei products allow you to communicate and
                                                                        share information with others. When you use a
                                                                        Huawei product to share contents with your
                                                                        family and friends, you may need to create an
                                                                        open HUAWEI ID profile, which includes your
                                                                        nickname and avatar. We may also collect
                                                                        information about your family and friends, such
                                                                        as their names, email addresses, and phone
                                                                        numbers. We will take appropriate and necessary
                                                                        measures to ensure their communications
                                                                        security.
In order to meet the requirements of certain
                                                                        jurisdictions for real-name account
                                                                        registration, game addiction prevention systems,
                                                                        and Internet payment as well as other
                                                                        requirements, we may ask you to provide identity
                                                                        proofs issued by local governments, or relevant
                                                                        card information that can authenticate your
                                                                        identity.
(2) Information that Huawei collects when you
                                                                            use services
When you use our products and services, we will
                                                                        collect your device information and how you and
                                                                        your device interact with our products and
                                                                        services. Such information includes:
a. Device and app information, such as the device
                                                                        name, device identifier, device activation time,
                                                                        hardware model, operating system version, app
                                                                        version, software identifier, and device and app
                                                                        settings (such as region, language, time zone,
                                                                        and font size).
b. Mobile network information, such as the public
                                                                        land mobile network (PLMN) provider ID,
                                                                        geographical location (cell ID of the area where
                                                                        the device is located), and Internet protocol
                                                                        (IP) address.
c. Log information. When you use Huawei services
                                                                        or view Huawei-provided content, we will
                                                                        automatically collect and log some information,
                                                                        such as the time of access, access count, IP
                                                                        address, and event information (such as errors,
                                                                        crashes, restarts, and updates).
d. Location information. When you access certain location-based services (such as perform searches, use navigation software, or view the weather for a specific location), we will collect, use, and process the approximate or precise location of your device. Such information may be obtained through the GPS, WLAN, or service provider network ID. We will ask you to select the apps for which you want to enable location services. You can refuse to share your location by disabling the corresponding permission in your device settings.
e. Information stored in the cloud. For example, the information you upload to the cloud will be stored on our servers for rapid access and sharing between devices. No one has access to such information without your permission.
(3) Information from third-party sources
When permitted by local laws, we may also obtain
                                                                        other information about you, your device, or
                                                                        service usage from public or legitimate
                                                                        commercial sources. For example, we obtain your
                                                                        information from the third party when you log in
                                                                        to our website through a third-party social
                                                                        media account, or when your contact information
                                                                        is uploaded by others who use our communication
                                                                        services.
2. How Huawei Uses Your Personal Data
We use your personal data only on a legal basis. According to applicable local laws, we may use your personal data for the following purposes under one of the legal bases: your consent; necessary to perform/enter into a contract between you and Huawei; necessary to protect the legitimate interests of you or others; necessary to fulfill legal obligations; and necessary to protect the legitimate interests of enterprises:
(1) Register and activate our products or
                                                                        services that you have purchased;
(2) Register your HUAWEI ID so that you can enjoy
                                                                        a wider range of functions;
(3) Deliver, activate, or verify the products and
                                                                        services you have requested, or perform changes
                                                                        and provide technical support and after-sales
                                                                        services for such offerings at your request;
(4) Notify you of operating system or app updates
                                                                        and installations;
(5) Provide individualized user experience and
                                                                        content;
(6) After obtaining your consent or receiving
                                                                        your request, send you information about
                                                                        products and services you might be interested
                                                                        in, invite you to our promotional activities and
                                                                        market surveys, or send marketing information to
                                                                        you;
(7) Carry out internal audit, data analysis, and research; analyze business operation efficiency and measure market shares; and improve our products and services;
(8) Troubleshoot problems after you send error
                                                                        details to us;
(9) Synchronize and store the data you have uploaded or downloaded, as well as the data needed for upload and download operations;
(10) Improve our loss prevention and anti-fraud
                                                                        programs;
(11) Comply with applicable local laws/regulations, for example, fulfill e-commerce platform management obligations, or comply with legal government requirements;
(12) Other purposes described in the Product Privacy Notice.
How Huawei Uses Cookies and Similar Technologies
We may use cookies, pixel tags, web beacons, and
                                                                        other local storage technologies on its
                                                                        websites, mobile apps, online services, emails,
                                                                        and advertisements. The information collected
                                                                        through cookies and similar technologies is
                                                                        regarded as non-personal data. However, if local
                                                                        laws treat IP addresses or similar identifiers
                                                                        as personal data, we will also treat them as
                                                                        personal data. In some cases, we mix the
                                                                        non-personal data collected by using these
                                                                        technologies with the personal data we hold. For
                                                                        the purposes of this Statement, we will regard
                                                                        the mixed data as personal data.
A cookie is a text file created by a web server and stored on a computer or mobile device. The content of a cookie can only be retrieved or read by the server that created the cookie. Cookies are unique to the browser or mobile application you are using. They usually contain identifiers, site names, numbers, and characters.
Cookies are sometimes stored on computers or mobile devices to improve user experience, including:
(1) Necessary cookies:
•Login and verification. When you use your HUAWEI ID to log in to a website, cookies can help you navigate from page to page, without having to re-log in on each page.
•Storage of your preferences and settings. Websites can use cookies to save personal settings, such as the language, font size, shopping cart, and other browsing preferences on your computers or mobile devices.
(2) Analysis cookies: Statistical analysis. With
                                                                        cookies, we can collect information about your
                                                                        use of our websites and other apps, including
                                                                        recording a single visit (using a session
                                                                        cookie) or multiple visits (using a persistent
                                                                        cookie).
(3) Advertisement cookies: Interest-based
                                                                        advertisement. With cookies, we can collect
                                                                        information about your online activities,
                                                                        discover your interests, and deliver highly
                                                                        relevant advertisements to you.
You can manage or delete cookies based on your own preferences. You can clear all cookies stored on your computer, and most web browsers provide the option to block cookies. For details about how to change the browser settings, contact the browser provider.
If you clear cookies, you will need to change
                                                                        your settings every time you visit our websites.
                                                                        Please note that some of our services may
                                                                        require the use of cookies. In this case,
                                                                        disabling cookies may affect all or part of the
                                                                        services provided.
In addition to cookies, we may also use other
                                                                        similar technologies on our websites, such as
                                                                        web beacons and pixel tags. A web beacon is
                                                                        typically an electronic image embedded into a
                                                                        website or email to identify your device cookies
                                                                        when you access the website or email. Pixel tags
                                                                        enable us to send emails in a way that is
                                                                        readable to you and find out whether an email
                                                                        has been opened.
We and our third-party partners use such technologies for a variety of purposes, including analyzing service usage (in conjunction with cookies) and providing more satisfactory content and advertisements to you. For example, an email sent to you by us may contain a click-through URL which links to our website. If you click the URL, we will track your visit to help us understand your preferences for products and services and improve customer services.
Many web browsers provide the Do Not Track feature that can send Do Not Track requests to websites. Major Internet standardization organizations have not established policies to specify how websites should deal with these requests.
Currently, we do not allow you to change the cookie processing ways based on the Do Not Track settings or other similar features you have selected.
How Huawei Entrusts, Shares, Transfers, and
                                                                    Discloses Your Personal Data
1. Entrusting
In some cases, we may entrust other companies to
                                                                        process your personal data on behalf of us. For
                                                                        example, we may entrust another company for
                                                                        hotline support, sending emails, and providing
                                                                        technical support. Such companies may only use
                                                                        your personal data to provide services on behalf
                                                                        of us.
We will enter into a strict entrusting agreement
                                                                        or personal data processing terms with the
                                                                        entrusted party. The entrusted party is
                                                                        obligated to process related personal data in
                                                                        accordance with this Statement and our
                                                                        instructions, and take relevant confidentiality
                                                                        and security measures to ensure personal data
                                                                        security.
2. Sharing
Sharing refers to the process in which we provide
                                                                        personal data to other personal data processors,
                                                                        and both parties can independently determine the
                                                                        data processing purposes and methods. We will
                                                                        not share your personal data with external
                                                                        parties, except in the following cases:
(1) Sharing with your consent: After obtaining your consent, we will share your authorized personal data with third parties designated by you.
(2) Sharing under statutory circumstances: We may share your personal data in accordance with laws/regulations, litigation resolution requirements, or legal requirements of administrative and judicial authorities.
(3) Sharing with our affiliates: Your data may be shared with our affiliates. We will share your data with our affiliates only for specific, definite, and legitimate purposes. We will only share data necessary for providing services. For example, in order to avoid repeated registration of HUAWEI IDs, we need to verify the global uniqueness of the account to be registered.
(4) Sharing with business partners: To ensure the quality of services provided to you, we may share your order, account, device, and location information with our third-party partners. However, we will only share your personal data for legitimate, appropriate, necessary, specific, and definite purposes. Our partners include:
a. Third-party sellers and developers: Some of our products or services are directly provided to you by third parties. In this case, we will share transaction-related information with third parties to fulfill the requirements for products or services you have purchased. For example, when you purchase products from third-party developers in HUAWEI AppGallery, we will share necessary information with them to complete the transaction.
b. Providers of goods or technical services: We may share your personal data with third parties that support our features and functions, including third parties that supply or provide infrastructure technology services, logistics and distribution services, payment services, and data processing services. We share such data for the purpose of implementing the functionality of our products and services. For example, we will share your order information with the logistics service provider to arrange delivery, or your order number and purchase amount with a third-party payment agency to confirm your payment instructions and complete the transaction.
We will perform security assessment on the sharing behavior and personal data receivers, and sign a data protection agreement or strict non-disclosure agreement with them, requiring them to abide by this Statement and take appropriate confidentiality and security measures when processing your personal data.
3. Transfer
If personal data transfer is involved due to
                                                                        merger & acquisition, division, dissolution, or
                                                                        bankruptcy, we will send prior notifications to
                                                                        you to specify the receivers' names and contact
                                                                        information, and require them to abide by this
                                                                        Statement when processing your personal data.
                                                                        The receiver who attempts to change the original
                                                                        processing purpose or method shall obtain your
                                                                        consent again.
4. Public Disclosure
We will disclose your personal data only in the
                                                                        following cases:
(1) After obtaining your consent;
(2) On legal or reasonable grounds: We may
                                                                        disclose your information when required by laws,
                                                                        legal procedures, litigation, or public and
                                                                        government authorities.
How Huawei Protects Your Personal Data
The security of your personal data is important to us. We have adopted standard industry practices to protect your personal data from unauthorized access/disclosure/use/modification, damage, or loss. To this end, we take the following measures:
1. We take all reasonable and feasible measures
                                                                        to ensure that the personal data collected is
                                                                        minimal and relevant to what is necessary in
                                                                        relation to the purposes for which they are
                                                                        processed. We will retain your personal data for
                                                                        no longer than is necessary for the purposes
                                                                        stated in this Statement, unless otherwise
                                                                        extending the retention period is required or
                                                                        permitted by law.
2. We use cryptographic technologies to ensure
                                                                        the confidentiality of data transmission and
                                                                        storage, and implement trusted protection
                                                                        mechanisms to protect data and data storage
                                                                        servers from attacks.
3. We deploy access control mechanisms to permit only authorized access to your personal data. In addition, we limit the number of authorized personnel and implement hierarchical permission management based on service requirements and personnel levels. Access to personal data will be logged and reviewed by authorized personnel on a regular basis.
4. We carefully select business partners and
                                                                        service providers and incorporate personal data
                                                                        protection requirements into commercial
                                                                        contracts, audits, and appraisal activities.
5. We organize security and privacy protection training courses, tests, and publicity activities to raise employees' personal data protection awareness.
We are fully committed to protecting your personal data. Nevertheless, no security measure is perfect, and no product, service, website, data transmission, computer system, or network connection is absolutely secure.
In response to possible risks, such as personal
                                                                        data leakage, damage, and loss, we have
                                                                        developed several mechanisms and control
                                                                        measures, clearly defined the rating standards
                                                                        of security incidents and vulnerabilities and
                                                                        the corresponding handling procedures, and
                                                                        established a dedicated
Security Advisory and
                                                                            Security Notice
page. We have also
                                                                        established a dedicated security emergency
                                                                        response team to implement security contingency
                                                                        plans, loss reduction, analysis, locating, and
                                                                        remediation, and to perform
                                                                        backtracking/countering operations with related
                                                                        departments in accordance with security incident
                                                                        handling regulations and requirements.
If any personal data security incident occurs, we will notify you, pursuant to local legal requirements, of the basic information about the security incident and its possible impact, measures that we have taken or will take, suggestions about active defense and risk mitigation, and remedial measures. The notification may take the form of an email, text message, push notification, etc. When it is difficult to inform data subjects individually, we will take appropriate and effective measures to release a Security Notice. In addition, we will also report the handling status of personal data security incidents as required by supervisory authorities.
How You Can Manage Your Personal Data
1. Personal Data Subjects' Rights, Such as
                                                                            Access, Correction, and Deletion
Legislation in certain countries and regions
                                                                        where we provide products and services
                                                                        stipulates that data subjects have rights to
                                                                        access, correct, and delete personal data, and
                                                                        restrict personal data processing. According to
                                                                        local laws, personal data subjects or their
                                                                        agents can submit requests for exercising data
                                                                        subjects' rights (referred to as "requests") to
                                                                        us.
(1) Requesting methods and channels
Data subjects' requests must be submitted in
                                                                        writing. The requests are equally valid even if
                                                                        the requester does not specify the laws on which
                                                                        the requests are based. In general, verbal
                                                                        requests are not valid unless otherwise
                                                                        permitted by local laws.
Data subjects' requests can be submitted through the official website of Huawei Consumer BG, My HUAWEI app, or HUAWEI ID Privacy center. If a data subject initiates a request via a hotline, email, online customer service, service center, or other channels, we will instruct the data subject to raise an official request through one of the aforementioned channels to facilitate progress communication and result feedback. We have established the dedicated channels to protect their legitimate interests, ensure our business operation, and prevent their rights from being misused or fraudulently used.
(2) Validity of requests
Most laws require data subjects to comply with
                                                                        specific requirements when they initiate
                                                                        requests. This Statement requires data subjects
                                                                        to:
a. Submit requests through dedicated request channels (namely,
official website of Huawei
                                                                        Consumer BG
, My HUAWEI app, or HUAWEI ID Privacy center).
b. Provide sufficient information for Huawei to verify their identities (to ensure those who initiate the requests are the data subjects themselves or those authorized by them).
c. Ensure that their requests are specific and feasible.
(3) Request processing period
We will make every effort to respond within one
                                                                        month upon receiving a request to access
                                                                        personal data. This period may be extended if
                                                                        necessary, depending on the number of requests
                                                                        and their complexity. If the request period is
                                                                        to be extended, we will notify the data subject
                                                                        of the situation and reason for delay. In the
                                                                        event of any time conflict between this section
                                                                        and local laws/regulations, the latter shall
                                                                        prevail.
(4) Request results
After a request is submitted, the following may
                                                                        occur:
a. The request is rejected.
Requests from data subjects may be declined in
                                                                        the following situations, including but not
                                                                        limited to:
(a) Local laws do not grant relevant rights to
                                                                        data subjects;
(b) The identity of the requester cannot be
                                                                        verified;
(c) The request cannot be verified or is out of
                                                                        scope, especially when requests are sent
                                                                        repeatedly;
(d) The requested information is related to the
                                                                        compensation that we will make or receive as a
                                                                        result of an ongoing dispute, and the disclosure
                                                                        of such information is likely to damage our
                                                                        interests;
(e) The retained information is used for
                                                                        statistical and research purposes only, and the
                                                                        publication of statistics and research results
                                                                        does not reveal personal identities;
(f) Other situations stipulated by laws.
If we decline a request from a data subject, we
                                                                        will provide the requester with a formal
                                                                        explanation.
b. The request is accepted.
If none of the situations described in (1)
                                                                        occurs, we will honor the request of the data
                                                                        subject. To increase the likelihood that the
                                                                        request will be accepted, please provide as
                                                                        detailed information as possible when submitting
                                                                        your request, such as the request type, specific
                                                                        content, information about the information
                                                                        holder (such as the account name you use for our
                                                                        products and services), and time frame in which
                                                                        the information was generated or processed
                                                                        (requests within a shorter period of time have a
                                                                        higher likelihood of being accepted).
(5) Special notes
a. Only legal guardians or legally authorized persons have the right to access the personal data of others.
b. Most laws/regulations specify the circumstances under which an organization may not provide data to data subjects. These cases include scenarios when providing data may undermine ongoing efforts against terrorism; when the data subject has made repeated requests, or when obtaining and providing such information would consume disproportionate resources.
c. Typically, we will not provide the following information:
(a) Information about others: Requests from data subjects may involve other individuals besides the data subject. We will not provide such information, unless authorized by the relevant individuals.
(b) Repeated requests: If the data subject initiates the same or similar requests related to one data subject for multiple times, and the data has not changed since the last time we provided the data, we will not provide a copy of the data in most cases. Additionally, we have no obligation to provide information that has been publicly available.
(c) Confidential opinions: We are not obligated to provide the requested information if such information is a confidential opinion.
(d) Special documents: We will not disclose any special information in response to requests for accessing personal data. Typically, special information includes any confidential documents (such as attorney/client communication), and information that obtains or expresses a corresponding legal opinion (irrespective of whether it is related to the lawsuit itself or related to information from court proceedings).
2. Withdrawal of Consent
If allowed by applicable laws, you have the right
                                                                        to withdraw your consent at any time when we
                                                                        process your personal data based on your
                                                                        consent. However, the withdrawal of consent
                                                                        shall not affect the lawfulness and
                                                                        effectiveness of your personal data processing
                                                                        based on your consent before the withdrawal is
                                                                        made, or affect any data processing based on
                                                                        another justification other than your consent.
For details about how to withdraw your consent
                                                                        for a specific product or service, see the
                                                                        Product Privacy Notice.
3. How Do We Protect the Personal Data of the Deceased
If you are a close relative of a deceased Huawei user and you are in China, you can contact us (via
https://consumer.huawei.com/en/legal/privacy-questions/
) and exercise the rights stipulated by laws to view, copy, correct, and delete their personal data, unless they made arrangements otherwise. Please note that the personal data here only includes HUAWEI ID-related data of the deceased.
How Huawei Processes the Personal Data of Minors
We attach great importance to the protection of
                                                                        minors' personal data. We will provide services
                                                                        and protection for minors in strict accordance
                                                                        with national laws/regulations. Parents or other
                                                                        guardians should also take appropriate measures
                                                                        to protect minors, including monitoring their
                                                                        use of products or services.
We treat anyone under the age of 14 (or the age stipulated by local laws) as a child. Children are not allowed to create their own HUAWEI IDs without the consent of their parents or other guardians. We will strictly restrict the entrusted processing, sharing, transfer, and public disclosure of children's personal data in accordance with laws/regulations. If the guardian needs to access, correct, or delete the personal data of the person under guardianship at any time, please contact us according to Chapter 10 "How to Contact Us." If we find that we have collected children's personal data without obtaining the prior consent from authenticated parents or other guardians, we will manage to delete the data as soon as possible. For more information about children's privacy protection, see the
Huawei Consumer Business Statement About Children's Privacy Protection
.
Links to Third-Party Websites, Products, and
                                                                    Services
To ensure smooth user experience, Huawei
                                                                        websites, apps, products, and services may
                                                                        contain links to third-party websites, products,
                                                                        and services. Huawei's products and services may
                                                                        also use or provide products or services from
                                                                        third parties, such as third-party apps
                                                                        available on HUAWEI AppGallery. Huawei does not
                                                                        have control over third-party websites,
                                                                        products, and services, but you can choose
                                                                        whether to access these links.
Huawei also has no control over the privacy or
                                                                        data protection policies of third parties, as
                                                                        such third parties are not bound by this
                                                                        Statement. Before submitting personal data to
                                                                        third parties, please read and refer to their
                                                                        privacy or data protection policies.
How Your Personal Data Is Transferred Globally
Huawei is a multinational company. As such, the
                                                                        personal data we collect may be processed or
                                                                        accessed in countries or regions where you use
                                                                        our products or services, or other countries or
                                                                        regions where we or our affiliates,
                                                                        subsidiaries, service providers, or business
                                                                        partners are located. These countries/regions
                                                                        may have different data protection laws. In such
                                                                        circumstances, Huawei takes measures to ensure
                                                                        that data is processed as required by this
                                                                        Statement and applicable laws.
Personal data collected and generated during our
                                                                        operations in the People's Republic of China
                                                                        will be stored in China. If specific
                                                                        products/services involve cross-border transfer
                                                                        of personal data, we will provide personal data
                                                                        to the receiving party outside China after
                                                                        fulfilling legal obligations (for example, after
                                                                        passing regulatory security assessment).
Updates to This Statement
Huawei reserves the right to update this Statement at any time. This Statement may be updated from time to time. For the latest version, please visit our official website (
http://consumer.huawei.com
). If major changes are made to this Statement, we may notify you through different channels, for example, posting a notice on our website or sending you direct notification.
How to Contact Us
We have a department (or specialists) dedicated to personal data protection. If you have any questions, comments, or suggestions, please contact us via the online customer service,
Privacy Questions
page, or our global offices. For a complete list of our offices, please visit the
Contact Huawei
page.
Generally, we will give an initial reply within three working days and answer your questions within the time frame specified by laws/regulations. If you are not satisfied with our reply, especially if you feel that our personal data processing has violated your legal rights and interests, you can submit complaints or report to local privacy protection regulators.
Note:
Due to differences in local laws
                                                                        and languages, the local versions of the Huawei
                                                                        Consumer Business Privacy Statement may differ
                                                                        from this version. In case of any conflicts, the
                                                                        local versions shall prevail.
Copyright © Huawei Device Co., Ltd. 2023. All rights reserved.
Last updated: December, 2023
Leaving consumer.huawei.com
After clicking the link, you will enter a third-party website. Huawei is not responsible and has no control over this third party website.
Return
Continue
Sub-policy 2
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps