Privacy Policy
Fillet (Dineserve) by CITYREDBIRD LOCATION SERVICES LTD.
CITYREDBIRD LOCATION SERVICES LTD.  (“we”, “us” or “our”) developed Fillet to help foodservice professionals run their kitchens more efficiently. We understand that privacy is important to both our online visitors and registered users. We respect your privacy and will take reasonable steps to protect your information.
This Policy applies to the getfillet.com and dineserve.com websites, including all subpages and successor pages (collectively referred to as the “Website”), and also applies to all software and services that we offer, including the Fillet mobile application (collectively referred to as the “Services”).
By using our Website or Services, you are accepting the practices described in this Policy. If you do not agree with this Policy, delete all cookies from your browser cache after visiting our Website and do not visit or use our Website or Services. Your continued use of our Website or Services signifies your acceptance of this Policy.
The term “Personal Information”, as used in this Policy, refers to any information that can be used to identify a specific person, or any anonymous information (e.g., IP Address) that is linked to a specific person. Personal information does not include information that has been aggregated or made anonymous such that it can no longer be reasonably associated with a specific person.
We do not sell or rent your Personal Information to marketers or third parties.
When you use our Services and register for an account, we store, process and transmit your data (including recipes, ingredients, prices, and menu items) in order to synchronize it between all of your devices where you are signed in. We do not sell or rent your data to marketers or third parties.
Although no data transmission can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, we take reasonable steps to protect all Personal Information. We maintain strict administrative, technical, and physical procedures to protect information stored in our servers, which are located in the United States. Access to information is limited (through user/password credentials and software systems) to those employees who require it to perform their job functions. We use industry-standard Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption technology to safeguard the account registration process and sign-up information. Other security safeguards include but are not limited to data encryption, firewalls, and physical access controls to building and files.
If you have any questions or suggestions about this Privacy Policy or any of our privacy-related practices, please
contact us
.