About Us
Home
About Us
Kuwait Meteorological Department
Creation
Kuwait Meteorological Department of the Directorate General of Civil Aviation was established in 1953 and has been a member of World Meteorology Organisation since 1962. The departments goal is to monitor, observe and study weather and climate in Kuwait. The department consists of five superintendents who oversee Forecast, Climate, Stations, Communications-Met Info and Instrumentation Maintenance sections.
Human & Technical Capabilities
The Meteorological Department employees are around 223 specialized and qualified in meteorological and atmospheric sciences in which they study and analyze the weather maps, satellite and radar images to predict short-term weather forecast and long-term climate changes that are expected to affect the country. Additionally, engineers and specialized technicians operate the most advanced devices and systems that related in  meteorological equipment and systems which are essential to  the department's operation.
The Department operates 27 land and marine automatic weather observation stations (which are located throughout the State of Kuwait), 14 wind-shear alert systems and 6 independent automatic weather stations at Kuwait Airport runways which are used primarily for improving safety during aircraft operations. Additionally the department operates a fully manned 24x7 weather observing station at Kuwait Airport. Separately, the Department operates specialised systems to measure the radiation and elements of the upper atmosphere/Ozone layers up to 16 Km in vertical height and one latest generation Doppler Weather Radar which is used primarily to detect clouds, height and density and areas that effected by dust.
It is worth mentioning that the MET Department, with the Directorate General of Civil Aviation, is preparing for the implementation of several new projects to upgrade its current systems over the next two years to improve the efficiency of the MET services.
General Services
Kuwait Meteorological Department is the official source and provider of weather information in Kuwait. The Department provides 5 day weather and marine forecast twice a day, weather warnings and watches for extreme weather events such as thunderstorms, dust storms and flooding at least 72 hours prior the  expected event. Current weather condition reports are provided automatically to all airplanes crossing Kuwait airfield to ensure the safety of all inbound and outbound aviation traffic. The automated reports includes weather alerts and areas that are effected by storms or volcanic aches.
The department serves government sectors such as Air Force, National Guard, Ministry of Transportations, Ministry of Interior, Ministry of Electricity and Water, Navy, Cost Guard, Kuwait Ports, Marine Operations and Fire Department. Also climate statistics and studies are provided by the Meteorological Department to educational institutes and other sectors.
External Activity
Kuwait Meteorological Department contributes to a dedicated Meteorological global network thus enabling meteorological data exchange to other official meteorological agencies at the regional level as well as worldwide. The department operates within all guidelines and regulations of the World Meteorological Organisation (WMO) , International Civil Aviation Organisation (ICAO) and The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC).
The Department is an active member of the Permanent Committee for Meteorology and Climate of the Gulf Cooperation Council and the Permanent Arab Meteorological Committee of the League of Arab States.
Media Role
In order to ensure communication with the public, the Department provides its services through various means of communication through the automated telephone service (104), through the MET department website www.met.gov.kw, and through the application of meteorology (KuwaitMet) for smart phones as well as through (KuwaitMet) account on Twitter and Instagram.
ISO Certificate
The Kuwait Meteorological Department acquired ISO certification ISO9001:2015 in 2021 and recently received the ISO certification ISO9001:2015 to fulfil WMO and ICAO standards and requirements.
Copyrights
This site and what it contains of meteorological information is a property of the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (Meteorological Department,) and is protected by virtue of the provisions of law No. 64/1999 on the Intellectual Property Rights. It is not allowed to broadcast,publish, or amend any part of the site and the information it contains without prior written approval by the Directorate General of Civil Aviation.