Privacy Policy Updated 23 November 2021
SIXONESIX DIGITAL SRL’S MISSION IS TO DELIVER ENTERTAINING, CAPTIVATING, EXCITING SOCIAL GAMING EXPERIENCES TO PEOPLE FROM ALL CORNERS OF THE WORLD. TO STAY TRUE TO OUR MISSION, WE COLLECT AND USE CERTAIN INFORMATION FROM PLAYERS IN OUR GAMES. SIXONESIX DIGITAL IS TRANSPARENT ABOUT THE USE OF INFORMATION COLLECTED AND WE VOW TO RESPECT USERS’ PRIVACY IN DOING SO.
THIS PRIVACY POLICY APPLIES FROM WHEN YOU FIRST USE OUR SERVICES (DESCRIBED BELOW). PLEASE MAKE SURE TO CAREFULLY READ THROUGH IT BEFORE USING SIXONESIX DIGITAL’S SERVICES BECAUSE IT WILL INFORM YOU ON HOW WE COLLECT, STORE, USE, DISCLOSE, AND OTHERWISE PROCESS, YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION WHILE PROVIDING THESE SERVICES TO YOU.
IF YOU HAVE CONCERNS, COMMENTS OR QUESTIONS IN REGARD TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY OR PRACTICES, PLEASE CONTACT US.
Introduction
SixOneSix Digital SRL (“SixOneSix Digital”) is committed to protecting the privacy of its users, which may be referred to in this document as “users” or “you”.
Regarding this Privacy Policy, it may be referred to in this text as “Privacy Policy” “this Policy”, “the Policy”, “our Policy”, this “document” or “it”.
Further on, in this Policy,  writing “SixOneSix Digital” brings a reference to SixOneSix Digital SRL and its “Affiliates”, which shall mean legal representatives, parent companies, joint ventures, subsidiaries, and other corporate entities under common ownership. We will further refer to SixOneSix Digital SRL as “SixOneSix Digital”, “Pokie Magic Casino Slots”, “we” or “us”.
We shall, on occasions, further refer to any of the products, services, content, apps, games, websites, pages, communication means put in place by us and owned and operated by us, and so on as the “Services” or “our services”.
The reason for creating the herein Privacy Policy is informing you about the way SixOneSix Digital, as the controller of your shared personal data, makes decisions that regard it, manages it, collects and stores it, uses and protects it. This Privacy Policy applies from the first use of our Services after your consent and agreement with the Privacy Policy and ends only on your Express Request and it also describes how you can access and update the personal data that you share.
Unless otherwise stated, the purpose and means of this Privacy Policy is limited to only personal data collected by SixOneSix Digital through the use of the Services provided by us. Upon deciding to use the Services, you acknowledge and accept the use of your personal data as presented in this Privacy Policy. Our Privacy Policy may be amended by us at certain times, and you will be informed when important updates are made.  At the beginning of this document you will always find the latest update date.
SixOneSix Digital SRL acquired the licence to use and develop Pokie Magic Casino Slots in May 2020 and on that date became the new controller of any and all personal data that you had already provided 616 Digital LLC with. Starting that time, your personal data used by us, and in relation to us only, is protected by this Privacy Policy. We are not responsible for third parties that may have had access in the past to your personal data, prior to that date, and their possible past and present use of said data, if those third parties have not become connected to us after the acquisition. If you have any questions regarding how this acquisition affects the use of your personal data please Contact Us at contact@sixonesixdigital.com.
Collected information and data
SixOneSix Digital’s primary objective in collecting user information is to provide and enhance its Services, and to enable users to enjoy its Services. When you use, install or access any of its Services, SixOneSix Digital may and will collect and record the information you provide to SixOneSix Digital, whether through the Services themselves, or through social networks or other third party services (information referred to, in this case, as “Account Information”). We may collect information about you directly from you, information that your and the means of access you use provide and from third parties, as well as automatically through your use of our Applications, Games, Websites, Pages, Emails, Messaging Services and Forms.
A. Information we are collecting directly from you, as you play our games and access our apps and Information we collect about you through the help of platforms you use and access such as Facebook, Instagram, Google, Apple or other platforms
.
You have choices about the data we collect. When you are asked to provide personal data, you may decline. But if you choose not to provide the data that is necessary to provide a product or feature, you may not be able to use that product or feature. The data we collect depends on the context of your interactions with SixOneSix Digital, the choices you make, including your privacy settings, and the products and features you use. When you log into our mobile application through your relevant account, you will be asked to enter your relevant email address and password. Facebook Google or Apple controls the information collected from you during the log-in process; SixOneSix Digital does not control the information that Facebook, Google or Apple collects from you.
When you use any of our Applications (whether our mobile application or if you access our Facebook, Google or Apple application), we will collect the following information:
(i) your Facebook, Google or Apple basic information (this includes your name, profile picture, gender, networks, user IDs, list of friends, date of birth, email address, and any other information you have set to public on your Facebook, Google or SixOneSix Digital account);
(ii) your email address;
(iii) posts to your Wall;
(iv) posts in your news feed;
(v) other Facebook, Google or Apple data at any time even if you are not using Facebook, Google or Apple.
Please note, if you allow SixOneSix Digital to have access to this information, then SixOneSix Digital will have access to this information even if you have chosen not to make that information public. For information about how Facebook, Google, Apple or other platforms may disclose your information, including any information you make public, please consult the Facebook ,Google, Apple or other platform Privacy Policy. We have no control over how Facebook, Google, Apple or other platforms use or disclose the personal data you provide to it. We store the information that we receive from Facebook, Google, Apple or other platforms along with other information that we collect from you or receive about you. We also collect information you provide to us and the content of messages you send to us, such as the feedback and product reviews you write, or questions and information you provide for customer support. When you contact us, such as for customer support, phone conversations or chat sessions with our representatives may be monitored and recorded.
B. Information collected automatically. Cookies.
Like many websites, SixOneSix Digital may use “cookies” to collect information. A cookie is a small data file that is transferred to your computer’s hard disk or your mobile device for record-keeping purposes. The Services may send cookies to a computer or a mobile device when a user accesses or views the Services. Information contained in a cookie may be linked to personal data for purposes such as improving the quality of SixOneSix Digital’s service, tailoring recommendations to interests, and making the Services easier to use.
Third party advertisers on the Services may also place or read cookies or other technologies on your browser, and those practices are subject to their own policies. We and our service providers may also employ other technologies including
(i) web beacons, which allow us to know if a certain page was visited or whether an e-mail was opened;
(ii) tracking pixels, which allow us or our advertising partners to advertise more efficiently and effectively by excluding our current users from certain promotional messages, identifying the source of a new installation or delivering ads to you on other websites;
(iii) local shared objects also known as flash cookies, which help us to reduce fraud, remember your in-game preferences and speed up load times.
SixOneSix Digital uses Google Analytics to recognize and count the number of website visitors and see how they move around the website. We do this only to better understand how you use the website and the Services, with a view to offering improvements; and to tailor our business and marketing activities accordingly, both generally and specifically to you. For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page. To opt-out of Google Analytics – Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on.
For more information on how to limit the types of cookies you allow, please see “Opting out of Cookie Tracking” section.
C .Information types collected in accordance with the Services
It may vary depending on the activity performed by you, and may include:
(i) Your name;
(ii) Your social network or third party service user identification number;
(iii) Your mobile device’s unique identifier (UDID);
(iv) Transaction identifiers for purchases;
(v) Your email address;
(vi) Your profile picture;
(vii) Your phone number;
(viii)
.
Any other relevant information included in your application, social network or other online profile.
Additionally, SixOneSix Digital may acquire information from you through:
Your access and participation in message boards on a Service;
The contents of your Customer Support requests and messages; or
Your purchase of a virtual product of any type. Please note that because a third party site manages the purchases of virtual goods offered by the Services, SixOneSix Digital does not have access to your credit card details or any other billing information.
SixOneSix Digital may collect information about your use of its Services both in the course of game play and software usage. SixOneSix Digital may also invite you to share information about yourself, which may include but is not limited to:
Your age or date of birth;
Your gender;
Information about the hardware you may own;
Any other information included in your application, social network or other online profile.
Other information SixOneSix Digital may collect includes your language, zip code, area code, location, and the time zone where the Services are used, as well as information about your computer, mobile device, software, platform, incident data, Internet Protocol (IP) address, network Media Access Control (MAC) address and connection, browser type, browser language, referring pages, exit pages and URLs, number of clicks, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed and the order of those pages, the amount of time spent on particular pages, and the date and time of this activity, so that SixOneSix Digital can better understand customer behavior and improve its products, services, and advertising. The Service may also record game play information such as your game session duration or your high scores. In addition to the information collected as described above, you may choose to share additional information about yourself throughout the Service, such as on message boards and in games. Any actions you perform with other players are considered public, and are solely at your discretion. If non-personal data is collected for an activity that also requires personal data, SixOneSix Digital may combine your non-personal data with your personal data in an attempt to provide you with a better user experience, to improve the value and quality of the Services, and to analyze how its Services are used. SixOneSix Digital may also receive either non-personal or public information from third parties in connection with market and demographic studies and/or data that SixOneSix Digital may use to supplement personal data provided directly by you.
D.Payment Information
For SixOneSix Digital’s policy regarding the purchase of “virtual items”, “coins” or other “virtual currency”, please see SixOneSix Digital’s Terms of Service. When you play SixOneSix Digital’s games or access any of our other Services on connected third-party applications or platforms (like Facebook, Apple, Google, etc), any purchases you make will be processed by that third-party application and subject to that third-party application’s terms of service and privacy policy. For these purchases, SixOneSix Digital does not receive your financial information, but may receive non-financial information related to your purchases, like your name, approximate physical location, and the items purchased. The information SixOneSix Digital receives depends on the third-party application.
E.Customer Support Correspondence
When you ask for help from our Customer Support team, we may collect and store the contact information you give them (i.e, your name and email address, phone number), information about your game play or activity on our Services, and your social network or service user identification number (if any). We will also store the communications you have with our Customer Support team and any additional information in those communications in order to provide support and improve the Services.
How SixOneSix Digital Uses Your Information
SixOneSix Digital uses your information to fulfill your specific requests, purchase orders, and to send you purchase confirmation and other account-related information. In carrying out these purposes, we combine the data we collect to give you a more personalized experience. However, to enhance privacy, we have built in technological and procedural safeguards designed to prevent certain data combinations. For example, we store data we collect from you when you are unauthenticated (not signed in) separately from any account information that directly identifies you, such as your name, email address or phone number. In addition, the personal data you provide will allow SixOneSix Digital to send you messages regarding, amongst other things, new products, features, enhancements, special offers, upgrade opportunities, contests and events of interest. You may opt out of these communications at any time. SixOneSix Digital may also use personal and non-personal data, both individually and combined together, to better understand the behavior and preferences of its customers, to troubleshoot technical problems, to serve static and dynamic advertising, to enforce its Terms of Service, to ensure proper functioning of its products and services, as well as to help improve Services and their content. In addition, SixOneSix Digital may combine non-personal data with personal data, such as an email address, to administer loyalty programs, tailor its offerings, web pages or game play experience to you. By use of friend finder tools, whether directly through the Service or through a social network or gaming service, you acknowledge that use of these friend finder tools will help you find your contacts and will also allow your contacts to associate your Service account (and related gaming entitlements, including games played, spins and coins) with your social networking profile and/or email address. Your resulting friends’ list will be subject to this Privacy Policy. If you choose to use a referral service to “tell a friend” about the Services, SixOneSix Digital may ask you for your friend’s name and email address. SixOneSix Digital will send your friend an email on your behalf or a text message inviting him or her to visit the relevant site or check out the Services. SixOneSix Digital stores your friend’s name and email for a short period for the sole purpose of sending this email, and for redundancy checking, to be sure that your friend does not receive multiple copies of the same email message. SixOneSix Digital does not keep or use this information for any other purpose. If you enter into a sweepstake, contest, or similar promotion, SixOneSix Digital may use the information you provide to administer those programs. Your participation in tournaments or other online gaming events is conditional upon you granting SixOneSix Digital permission to collect, use, store, transmit and publicly display statistical data, such as your scores, rankings and achievements, generated through your participation. In all cases of data access and collection, the information you provide will not be disclosed, rented, loaned, leased, sold, or otherwise voluntarily distributed to unaffiliated third parties other than in the circumstances described in this Privacy Policy, and will be used solely for the purpose of providing you with and improving the Services and for any other purpose stated herein. SixOneSix Digital will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. If you wish to cancel your account or request that SixOneSix Digital no longer uses your information, contact SixOneSix Digital at the email address provided in the Contact Us section below. Note that there may be instances where SixOneSix Digital is legally required to retain your information.
We will only collect, use and share your personal data where we are satisfied that we have an appropriate legal basis to do this. This may be because:
you have provided your consent to us using the personal data;
our use of your personal data is in our legitimate interest as a business – in these cases we will look after your information at all times in a way that is proportionate and respects your privacy rights and you have a right to object to processing as explained in “Your rights” section below;
our use of your personal data is necessary to perform a contract or take steps to enter into a contract with you, including the terms and conditions which apply to your use of the Services;
our use of your personal data is necessary to comply with a relevant legal or regulatory obligation.
To process your payments Performance of a Contract
To allow you to play our games and otherwise make use of our Service Performance of a Contract
To provide customer support Legitimate Interest in assisting users to make the most of our Services
To communicate with you about the Services you’re using Legitimate Interest in assisting users to make the most of our Services
To analyse and personalise your use of our website Legitimate Interest in understanding how our website is used to improve it for all users, or tailor it to specific user preferences
To provide you with targeted advertising
Legitimate Interest to promote our Service and the products and services on third parties on the website
To send you marketing communications by email
Where permitted by law, Legitimate Interest in promoting our Service subject to providing users with the ability to opt-out at the point of collecting contact details and subsequently; otherwise, Consent
To carry out customer / user research
Legitimate Interest in understanding our user base to better tailor our Service
To protect the website and monitor and defend against security threats
Legitimate Interest in safeguarding the security of the site for the benefit of SixOneSix Digital and its users
To make disclosures to law enforcement, government bodies, courts or regulators Comply with a Legal Obligation; or, otherwise Legitimate Interest in complying with a lawful request from one of these bodies which SixOneSix Digital judges to be in the public interest
To establish, exercise or defend our legal rights
Legitimate Interest in protecting the commercial interests and/or reputation of SixOneSix Digital by defending legal claims, or pursuing legal claims against users who have acted in breach of contract or unlawfully
Legitimate Interests, you may object to that processing by contacting us (see “Your rights” section below).
Access through Social Network Services or Mobile Devices or Platforms
By accessing the Services through a social network, mobile device or other third party platform or service, or by connecting to such a third party network, platform or service via the Services, you are acknowledging that SixOneSix Digital will collect, store, and use in accordance with this Privacy Policy any and all information that you agreed that the social network, mobile device or other third party platform could provide to SixOneSix Digital through the social network/mobile device/third party platform Application Programming Interface (API) based on your settings on the third party social network, mobile device or platform. Your acknowledgment commences when you connect with the third party network, platform or service via the Services, and/or when you connect with the Services, or “accept” or “allow” (or similar terms) the Services to access your information through a social network, mobile device or other third party platform or service. SixOneSix Digital may also collect or receive information about you from other Service users who choose to upload their email contacts. This information will be stored by SixOneSix Digital and used primarily to help you and your friends connect. If you play SixOneSix Digital’s games on your mobile device, in addition to your device identifiers, we may also collect:
(i) the name you have associated with your device;
(ii) your telephone number;
(iii) your country;
(iv) your specific geolocation;
(v) information about SixOneSix Digital and other third-party apps you have on your device.
Third Party Service Providers
SixOneSix Digital may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate its Services, to provide the Services on its behalf, to perform tasks (e.g., without limitation, maintenance services, database management, web analytics and improvement of the Services, etc.), or to assist SixOneSix Digital in analyzing how its Services are used. SixOneSix Digital may ask some third-party contractors, such as credit agencies, data analytics or market research firms, to supplement the personal data that you provide to SixOneSix Digital for its own marketing and demographic studies, so that SixOneSix Digital can consistently improve its sites and related advertising to better meet its visitors’ needs and preferences. To enrich its understanding of individual customers, SixOneSix Digital may tie this information to the information you provide to it. If you access our Services from a third-party application or connect our Services to a third-party application, you should also read that third-party application’s terms of service and privacy policy.
Information You Generate Using Our Communication Channels
You may be able to take part in certain activities on our Services that let you communicate or share information not just with SixOneSix Digital, but also with other SixOneSix Digital’s players. These include:
participating in player forums or page posts and messages
sending private messages or invitations to other players
chatting with other players on official channels offered by our Company, if any.
You acknowledge that we may access in real-time, record, remove and/or store archives of these communications, comments, photos and drawings on SixOneSix Digital’s servers to make use of them to protect the safety and well-being of our players and SixOneSix Digital’s rights and property in connection with SixOneSix Digital’s Services; to conduct research; to operate, improve, personalize and optimize our Services and our players’ experiences, including through the use of analytics; and to manage and deliver contextual advertising.
Browser Use
Note that in the ordinary course of Internet activity, certain information may be sent from your browser to third parties such as advertising networks and analytics companies. SixOneSix Digital has no control over the information sent from your browser to those networks or other third parties and recommends that you ensure that your browser settings prevent the disclosure of information you would not like to share.
Reasons We Share Personal Data
We share your personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy to complete any transaction or provide any product you have requested or authorized. In addition, we share personal data among SixOneSix Digital controlled affiliates and subsidiaries. We also share personal data with vendors or agents working on our behalf for the purposes described “Third Party Service Providers” section. For example, companies we have hired to provide customer service support or assist in protecting and securing our systems and services may need access to personal data to provide those functions. In such cases, these companies must abide by our data privacy and security requirements and are not allowed to use personal data they receive from us for any other purpose. Additionally, SixOneSix Digital may sell, transfer or otherwise share some or all of its assets, including your Personal data, in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization or return to licensor or in the event of bankruptcy. In the event that SixOneSix Digital undergoes a business transition, like a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or part its assets (like selling a game), we may transfer all of your information, including personal data, to the successor organization in the transition. We will make reasonable efforts to let you and other players know of the business transition before transferring your personal data. Finally, we will access, transfer, disclose, and preserve personal data, when we have a good faith belief that doing so is necessary to:
comply with applicable law or respond to a valid legal process, including from law enforcement or other government agencies;
protect our customers, for example to prevent spam or attempts to defraud users of our products, or to help prevent the loss of life or serious injury of anyone;
operate and maintain the security of our products, including to prevent or stop an attack on our computer systems or networks;
establish, exercise or defend legal rights and claims.
Please note that some of our products include links to products of third parties whose privacy practices differ from SixOneSix Digital’s. If you provide personal data to any of those products, your data is governed by their privacy statements.
Your Consent
Where personal data is processed on the basis of your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us or otherwise using other mechanisms provided to you. The effect of withdrawing your consent will be that your information will no longer be used for the purpose which was previously based on consent. Withdrawing your consent does not affect the lawfulness of processing carried out prior to the withdrawal of your consent.
Friends and Other Players
The Services support and often encourage you to interact with other players. If you play through a social network or register through a social network, your social network friends will see your name, profile photo and descriptions of your game activity. Similarly, other players, regardless of whether they are your social network friends or not, will be able to see descriptions of your game activity, communicate with you within our Services, and view your game profile, which may include your name or a “game name” and your profile photo. Other players may also be able to send you game requests or even friend requests.
Third Party Advertising Including Tailored Advertising and Analytics
We do not actively share personal data with third party advertisers for their direct marketing purposes unless we notify you to the contrary prior to such disclosure.
Third Parties Operating Under Their Own Policies
We may share collected information with third parties operating under their own policies for the purposes of developing and delivering our Services, displaying advertisements, conducting analysis or research and for measuring advertising campaign performance.
For example, some of SixOneSix Digital’s games or applications may be made with Unity software and/or using Unity services. If that is the case, Unity may access and operate information about you and your use of our Services (e.g. “Monetization Services Data” as it is defined in the Unity Terms of Monetization Services) as contemplated in the terms and conditions for Unity services (available at https://unity3d.com/legal) and as set out in the Unity Privacy Policy (available at https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy). Please review terms and conditions for Unity services and Unity Privacy Policy to learn more about its data processing practices, use of cookies, opt-out instructions for their services and other similar procedures.
Your Rights, Correction and Access to Data , Deletion and Restriction. How to request data deletion.
Subject to certain exemptions, and in some cases dependent on the legal basis which we rely upon for the relevant processing activity (see “How SixOneSix Digital Uses Your Information” section), you have certain rights in relation to your personal data. If you wish to exercise any of these rights, please contact SixOneSix Digital at contact@sixonesixdigital.com. In some cases, SixOneSix Digital may ask you to submit additional information (for example, your first name, last name, your social network ID for the social network from which you access our Services, etc.) in order to identify you as the user of SixOneSix Digital’s Services and data subject before responding to your requests. We reserve the right to charge a fee or refuse to comply with a request where permitted by law, for example if your request is manifestly unfounded or excessive. To the extent permitted by applicable data protection laws, the response period to your request may be extended where necessary, taking into account the complexity and number of the requests.
If you ask us, we can correct the personal information that we have and appear to be wrong, or we can give you a copy of the data on you we currently hold. For example, we can tell what email address you have used associated with the game.
You can request that we stop processing all or some of your personal data or demand the deletion of your personal data (subject to certain exemptions). You can request the deletion of your Account Information by dissociating or removing the SixOneSix Digital application from your social network or third party service account in accordance with the instructions provided by the social network or third party service. Also, in the app, the “Delete Account” button is available in the Options screen, and it will have immediate effect. In the event you do not have the app anymore and you want your Account and all associated Data deleted, you can contact us at contact@pokiemagic.casino.
Consent Withdrawal
You can withdraw your consent at any time and also have the right to object to our reliance on our legitimate interests as the basis of our processing of your personal data that impacts your rights. You have a right to lodge a complaint with your local supervisory authority for data protection if you have concerns about how we are processing your personal data.
We ask that you please attempt to resolve any issues with us first, although you have a right to contact your supervisory authority at any time.
Manage Information We Get from a Third-Party Application
To manage the information SixOneSix Digital receives about you from a third-party application or platform where you play our games, like Facebook, Google, Apple etc. you will need to follow the instructions for the third-party application for updating your information and changing your privacy settings. To review information associated with your SixOneSix Digital game profile in certain games, visit the “player profile” page in that game. Once SixOneSix Digital receives your information from a third-party application or your mobile device, that information is stored and used by SixOneSix Digital in accordance with this Privacy Policy. You may access and update that information as described herein.
Opt out form Geolocation
If you have previously allowed us to access your geolocation data, you can stop making geolocation available to us by visiting your mobile device’s settings and change location permissions for any app or game owned by us.
Opting Out of Promotional Emails from SixOneSix Digital
If you want to stop receiving promotional emails from SixOneSix Digital, if you previously opted in for a newsletter,  click on the “unsubscribe” link in any promotional email fromSixOneSix Digital. Please note that once we receive your request, it may take an additional period of time for your opt-out to become effective.
Opting Out of Other Communications
When you install our apps on your mobile device you can choose to receive push notifications, which are messages an app sends you on your mobile device even when the app is not on. You can turn off notifications by visiting your mobile device’s “settings” page.
Links
The Services may contain links to other websites or applications. The fact that the Services links to a website or application, or presents a banner ad or other type of advertisement does not mean that SixOneSix Digital endorses or authorizes that third party, nor is it a representation of any affiliation with that third party. If you click on a link to a third-party site or application, including on an advertisement, you will leave the SixOneSix Digital site you are visiting or application you are running, and will go to the site or application linked to. These third party websites and applications may place their own cookies or other files on your computer or mobile device, and may collect data or solicit personal data from you. Other sites and applications follow different rules regarding the use or disclosure of the personal data you submit to them. Because SixOneSix Digital cannot control the activities of third parties, it cannot accept responsibility for any use of your personal data by such third parties, and it cannot guarantee that they will adhere to the same privacy and security practices as SixOneSix Digital. You are therefore encouraged to read the privacy policies or statements of other websites and applications you visit before providing any personal data.
International Operations and Transfers Out of the EEA
IMPORTANT: When you use Our Services, your data may be transferred outside of the country in which you reside, including to countries outside of the European Economic Area (“EEA”). Consequently, your personal data may be transferred to and stored in countries where our Affiliates (which means subsidiaries, parent companies, joint ventures and other corporate entities under common ownership with SixOneSix Digital SRL), for the purposes of providing you with the Services, or otherwise using your information for the purposes described in “How SixOneSix Digital Uses Your Information” section.
SixOneSix Digital also uses third party suppliers (such as IT service providers, data hosting providers and marketing automation or advertising platforms) based internationally, in particular (but without limitation) in the United States of America. We will take appropriate steps to ensure that transfers of personal data are made in accordance with applicable law and carefully managed to protect your privacy rights and interests. Transfers are limited to countries which are recognized as providing an adequate level of legal protection or where we can be satisfied that alternative arrangements are in place to protect your privacy rights. These include contractual protections approved by the European Commission (or another relevant supervisory authority), or certification schemes such as the EU – US Privacy Shield. You have a right to contact us for more information about the safeguards we have put in place. If we provide you with a copy of a contract under which your personal data is transferred, it may be redacted for reasons of commercial confidentiality If you are a resident in a jurisdiction – which for these purposes does not include the EU, EEA or any member state of the EU or EEA – where transfer of your personal data to another jurisdiction requires your consent, then you provide us your express and unambiguous consent to such transfer for us to provide you with our Services.
Children Policy
Our services and apps are allowed only to people that are above the age of 18. If a parent believes that his or her Child has submitted personal data to SixOneSix Digital, he or she can contact us via email: contact@sixonesixdigital.com If SixOneSix Digital learns that a Child has provided it with personal data, SixOneSix Digital will take steps to delete such information as soon as possible. We recognize the importance of safeguarding the privacy of Children, and encourage parents to check and monitor their children’s use of online activities regularly. By using our Services, you represent and warrant that you are a person who is over the minimum legal age to consent to the collection and processing of personal data under applicable law where you are located or whose parent or legal guardian have acknowledged and understood our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. You agree that you will not knowingly allow any Child to use or access the Services,
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
This Privacy Policy shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Romania. Disputes arising in connection with this Privacy Policy shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Romanian Courts although SixOneSix Digital retains the right to bring proceedings against you for breach of this Privacy Policy in your country of residence or any other relevant country.
Updates
We may update this Policy from time to time. When we make changes to this Policy , we will change the date at the beginning of this Policy. If we make material changes to this Policy, we may notify you by email to your registered email address, by prominent posting on our online services, or through other relevant communication channels. All changes shall be effective from the date of publication unless otherwise provided in the notification. You are responsible for periodically checking this policy for any changes.
This document can be printed for reference by using the print command in the settings of most common browsers.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.
SixOneSix Digital SRL
Str Bibescu 19
Craiova, Dolj, 200377
Romania
support@pokiemagic.casino
Last Edited on 2020-06-09