Privacy Policy
Last updated May 25, 2019
English
|
日本語
This Privacy Policy, part of our overall
Terms of Service
, describes how and when Hexage collects, uses and shares your information when you use our Service. We will ask for your consent before collecting or using information for a purpose other than those that are set out in this Privacy Policy.
Information we collect
Device information.
We may collect device-specific information, such as your hardware model and operating system version.
Application information.
We may collect information about your installation, such us the operating system type and application version number.
Information you give us.
When you contact Hexage, we may keep a record of your communication to help solve any issues you might be facing. We may use your email address to inform you about our services, such as letting you know about upcoming changes or improvements.
Information we share
We do not share or disclose your private personal information unless necessary to comply with a law, regulation or legal request.
We may share or disclose your non-private, aggregated or otherwise non-personal information, such as aggregate usage statistics.
Information security
We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
個人情報保護方針
更新日2019年5月25日
English
|
日本語
本個人情報保護方針は、
サービス利用規約
全体の一部を構成し、お客様が当社サービスをご利用すの際にHexageがいつ、どのような方法でお客様の情報を収集、使用、共有するかについて説明しています。当社は、本個人情報保護方針に定める目的以外に情報を収集または使用する場合は、事前にお客様の同意を求めるものとします。
当社が収集する情報
デバイス情報。
当社は、ハードウェアのモデルやオペレーティングシステムのバージョンなど、デバイス固有の情報を収集することができます。
アプリケーション情報。
当社は、オペレーティングシステムの種類やアプリケーションのバージョン番号など、お客様のインストールに関する情報を収集することができます。
当社に提供する情報。
お客様がHexageにお問い合わせされた場合、当社は、お客様の問題解決に役立てるためにお客様との通信内容を記録として保持することができます。当社は、今後の変更や改善点についての連絡など、当社サービスに関してお知らせするためにお客様の電子メールアドレスを使用することができます。
当社が共有する情報
法律、規制、法的要求を順守する必要がない限り、お客様の私的な個人情報を共有または開示することはありません。
当社は、使用率統計の集約など、お客様の私的でない、集約的、または非個人的な情報を共有または開示することができます。
情報セキュリティ
当社は、紛失や盗難のほか、不正アクセス、開示、コピー、使用、または修正から、合理的なセキュリティ安全対策によって個人情報を保護します。