Vores ansvar
Coop er ejet af danskerne. Over 2 mio. danskere er medlemmer af Coop. Det forpligter. Vi er både supermarked, forhandler og talerør for de danske forbrugere. Derfor afspejler vores hjertesager de udfordringer, som verden står overfor i dag, og de værdier såvel som bekymringer, vores kunder og medlemmer har.
Ansvarlighedsmagasinet
I Coop har det altid været en hjertesag at kæmpe for forbrugerne, tilbyde kompromisløse og gode varer, dele vores viden og arbejde for et bedre klima og miljø. Ansvarlighed i Coop spænder vidt, og det er blevet til rigtig mange ansvarlighedshandlinger gennem årene. Handlinger skabt for og med de danske forbrugere. Vi har samlet 185 af vores vigtigste ansvarlighedshandlinger i et magasin, som vi er rigtig stolte af at kunne dele med dig. Du kan finde den elektroniske udgave af magasinet lige her.
Læs Ansvarlighedsmagasinet her
Vil du se mere om, hvordan vi varetager dine og andre medlemmers personlige data?
Gå til Coops privatlivspolitik
Har du kendskab til uregelmæssigeder, der foregår i vores organisation?
Gå til vores whistleblowerordningVores ansvar
Coop er ejet af danskerne. Over 2 mio. danskere er medlemmer af Coop. Det forpligter. Vi er både supermarked, forhandler og talerør for de danske forbrugere. Derfor afspejler vores hjertesager de udfordringer, som verden står overfor i dag, og de værdier såvel som bekymringer, vores kunder og medlemmer har.
Ansvarlighedsmagasinet
I Coop har det altid været en hjertesag at kæmpe for forbrugerne, tilbyde kompromisløse og gode varer, dele vores viden og arbejde for et bedre klima og miljø. Ansvarlighed i Coop spænder vidt, og det er blevet til rigtig mange ansvarlighedshandlinger gennem årene. Handlinger skabt for og med de danske forbrugere. Vi har samlet 185 af vores vigtigste ansvarlighedshandlinger i et magasin, som vi er rigtig stolte af at kunne dele med dig. Du kan finde den elektroniske udgave af magasinet lige her.
Læs Ansvarlighedsmagasinet her
Vil du se mere om, hvordan vi varetager dine og andre medlemmers personlige data?
Gå til Coops privatlivspolitik
Har du kendskab til uregelmæssigeder, der foregår i vores organisation?
Gå til vores whistleblowerordning
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/privacy/privacystatement:
This is the Trace Id: a106bdcbba26dba5e7b68ec65ea18b0f
Microsoft Privacy Statement
Last Updated: March 2025
What's new?
Print
Expand All
Collapse All
Microsoft Privacy Statement
Personal data we collect
How we use personal data
Reasons we share personal data
How to access and control your personal data
Cookies and similar technologies
Products provided by your organization—notice to end users
Microsoft account
Collection of data from children
Other important privacy information
Security of personal data
Where we store and process personal data
Our retention of personal data
U.S. State Data Privacy
Advertising
Speech recognition technologies
Preview or free-of-charge releases
Changes to this privacy statement
How to contact us
Product-specific details:
Artificial Intelligence and Microsoft Copilot capabilities
Enterprise and developer products
Enterprise online services
Enterprise and developer software and enterprise appliances
Productivity and communications products
Microsoft 365, Office, and other productivity apps
Microsoft Family
Microsoft Launcher
Microsoft Teams
OneDrive
Outlook
Skype
Surface
Surface Duo
LinkedIn
Search and browse
Bing
Microsoft Edge
Microsoft Translator
SwiftKey
Windows
Activation
Activity history
Advertising ID
Diagnostics
Personalized offers
Feedback Hub
Get Help
Live captions
Location services and recording
Narrator
Phone Link - Link to Windows
Cross-device experiences
Security and safety features
Speech, Voice Activation, Inking, and Typing
Sync and backup settings
Update Services
Web browsers—Microsoft Edge Legacy and Internet Explorer
Windows AI Features
Windows apps
Windows Hello
Windows Search
Entertainment and related services
Xbox
Microsoft Store
Microsoft Start
Silverlight
Windows Mixed Reality
Cookies
Most Microsoft sites use cookies, small text files placed on your device which web servers utilize in the domain that placed the cookie can retrieve later. We use cookies to store your preferences and settings, help with sign-in, provide personalized ads, and analyze site operations. For more information, see the
Cookies and similar technologies
section of this privacy statement.
EU-U.S., UK Extension, and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Frameworks
Microsoft complies with the EU-U.S., UK Extension to the EU-U.S., and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Frameworks. To learn more, see the
Where we store and process personal data
section, and
visit the U.S. Department of Commerce’s Data Privacy Framework website
.
Contact us
If you have a privacy concern, complaint, or question for the Microsoft Chief Privacy Officer or EU Data Protection Officer, please contact us by using our
web form
. For more information about contacting Microsoft, including Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited, see the
How to contact us
section of this privacy statement.
Your privacy is important to us. This privacy statement explains the personal data Microsoft processes, how Microsoft processes it, and for what purposes.
Microsoft offers a wide range of products, including server products used to help operate enterprises worldwide, devices you use in your home, software that students use at school, and services developers use to create and host what’s next. References to Microsoft products in this statement include Microsoft services, websites, apps, software, servers, and devices.
Please read the product-specific details in this privacy statement, which provide additional relevant information. This statement applies to the interactions Microsoft has with you and the Microsoft products listed below, as well as other Microsoft products that display this statement.
Young people may prefer starting with the
Privacy for young people
page. That page highlights information that may be helpful for young people.
For individuals in the United States, please refer to our
U.S. State Data Privacy Notice
and the
Consumer Health Data Privacy Policy
for additional information about the processing of your personal data, and your rights under applicable U.S. state data privacy laws.
Personal data we collect
Microsoft collects data from you, through our interactions with you and through our products. You provide some of this data directly, and we get some of it by collecting data about your interactions, use, and experiences with our products. The data we collect depends on the context of your interactions with Microsoft and the choices you make, including your privacy settings and the products and features you use. We also obtain data about you from Microsoft affiliates, subsidiaries, and third parties.
If you represent an organization, such as a business or school, that utilizes Enterprise and Developer Products from Microsoft, please see the
Enterprise and developer products
section of this privacy statement to learn how we process your data. If you are an end user of a Microsoft product or a Microsoft account provided by your organization, please see the
Products provided by your organization
and the
Microsoft account
sections for more information.
You have choices when it comes to the technology you use and the data you share. When we ask you to provide personal data, you can decline. Many of our products require some personal data to provide you with a service. If you choose not to provide data -required to provide you with a product or feature, you cannot use that product or feature. Likewise, where we need to collect personal data by law or to enter into or carry out a contract with you, and you do not provide the data, we will not be able to enter into the contract; or if this relates to an existing product you are using, we may have to suspend or cancel it. We will notify you if this is the case at the time. Where providing the data is optional, and you choose not to share personal data, features like personalization that use such data will not work for you.
Microsoft collects data from you, through our interactions with you and through our products for a variety of purposes described below, including to operate effectively and provide you with the best experiences with our products. You provide some of this data directly, such as when you create a Microsoft account, administer your organization’s licensing account, submit a search query to Bing, register for a Microsoft event, upload a document to OneDrive, sign up for Microsoft 365, or contact us for support. We get some of it by collecting data about your interactions, use, and experience with our products and communications. In addition, we receive data from Microsoft affiliates, subsidiaries, and third parties.
We rely on a variety of legal reasons and permissions (sometimes called “legal bases”) to process data, including with your consent, a balancing of legitimate interests, necessity to enter into and perform contracts, and compliance with legal obligations, for a variety of purposes described below.
We also obtain data from third parties. We protect data obtained from third parties according to the practices described in this statement, plus any additional restrictions imposed by the source of the data. These third-party sources vary over time and include:
Data brokers from which we purchase demographic data to supplement the data we collect.
Services that make user-generated content from their service available to others, such as local business reviews or public social media posts.
Communication services, including email providers and social networks, when you give us permission to access your data on such third-party services or networks.
Service providers that help us determine your device’s location.
Partners with which we offer co-branded services or engage in joint marketing activities.
Developers who create experiences through or for Microsoft products.
Third parties that deliver experiences through Microsoft products.
Publicly-available sources, such as open public sector, academic, and commercial data sets and other data sources.
If you represent an organization, such as a business or school, that utilizes Enterprise and Developer Products from Microsoft, please see the
Enterprise and developer products
section of this privacy statement to learn how we process your data. If you are an end user of a Microsoft product or a Microsoft account provided by your organization, please see the
Products provided by your organization
and the
Microsoft account
sections for more information.
You have choices when it comes to the technology you use and the data you share. When you are asked to provide personal data, you can decline. Many of our products require some personal data to operate and provide you with a service. If you choose not to provide data required to operate and provide you with a product or feature, you cannot use that product or feature. Likewise, where we need to collect personal data by law or to enter into or carry out a contract with you, and you do not provide the data, we will not be able to enter into the contract; or if this relates to an existing product you’re using, we may have to suspend or cancel it. We will notify you if this is the case at the time. Where providing the data is optional, and you choose not to share personal data, features like personalization that use the data will not work for you.
The data we collect depends on the context of your interactions with Microsoft and the choices you make (including your privacy settings), the products and features you use, your location, and applicable law
.
The data we collect can include the following:
Name and contact data
. Your first and last name, email address, postal address, phone number, and other similar contact data.
Credentials
. Passwords, password hints, and similar security information used for authentication and account access.
Demographic data
. Data about you such as your age, gender, country, and preferred language.
Payment data
. Data to process payments, such as your payment instrument number (such as a credit card number) and the security code associated with your payment instrument.
Subscription and licensing data
. Information about your subscriptions, licenses, and other entitlements.
Interactions
. Data about your use of Microsoft products. In some cases, such as search queries, this is data you provide in order to make use of the products. In other cases, such as error reports, this is data we generate. Other examples of interactions data include:
Device and usage data
. Data about your device and the product and features you use, including information about your hardware and software, how our products perform, as well as your settings. For example:
Payment and account history
. Data about the items you purchase and activities associated with your account.
Browse history
. Data about the webpages you visit.
Device, connectivity, and configuration data
. Data about your device, your device configuration, and nearby networks. For example, data about the operating systems and other software installed on your device, including product keys. In addition, IP address, device identifiers (such as the IMEI number for phones), regional and language settings, and information about WLAN access points near your device.
Error reports and performance data
. Data about the performance of the products and any problems you experience, including error reports. Error reports (sometimes called “crash dumps”) can include details of the software or hardware related to an error, contents of files opened when an error occurred, and data about other software on your device.
Troubleshooting and help data
. Data you provide when you contact Microsoft for help, such as the products you use, and other details that help us provide support. For example, contact or authentication data, the content of your chats and other communications with Microsoft, data about the condition of your device, and the products you use related to your help inquiry. When you contact us, such as for customer support, phone conversations or chat sessions with our representatives may be monitored and recorded.
Bot usage data
. Interactions with bots and skills available through Microsoft products, including bots and skills provided by third parties.
Interests and favorites
. Data about your interests and favorites, such as the sports teams you follow, the programming languages you prefer, the stocks you track, or cities you add to track things like weather or traffic. In addition to those you explicitly provide, your interests and favorites can also be inferred or derived from other data we collect, such as your interactions on websites where our technology is used to show or measure ads.
Content consumption data
. Information about media content (e.g., TV, video, music, audio, text books, apps, and games) you access through our products.
Searches and commands
. Search queries and commands when you use Microsoft products with search or related productivity functionality, such as interactions with a chat bot.
Voice data
. Your voice data, sometimes referred to as “voice clips”, such as search queries, commands, or dictation you speak, which may include background sounds.
Text, inking, and typing data
. Text, inking, and typing data and related information. For example, when we collect inking data, we collect information about the placement of your inking instrument on your device.
Images
. Images and related information, such as picture metadata. For example, we collect the image you provide when you use a Bing image-enabled service.
Contacts and relationships
. Data about your contacts and relationships if you use a product to share information with others, manage contacts, communicate with others, or improve your productivity.
Social data
. Information about your relationships and interactions between you, other people, and organizations, such as types of engagement (e.g., likes, dislikes, events, etc.) related to people and organizations.
Location data
. Data about your device’s location, which can be either precise or imprecise. For example, we collect location data using Global Navigation Satellite System (GNSS) (e.g., GPS) and data about nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi hotspots. Location can also be inferred from a device’s IP address or data in your account profile that indicates where it is located with less precision, such as at a city or postal code level.
Other input
. Other inputs provided when you use our products. For example, data such as the buttons you press on an Xbox wireless controller using the Xbox network, skeletal tracking data when you use Kinect, and other sensor data, like the number of steps you take, when you use devices that have applicable sensors. If you attend an in-store event, we collect the data you provide to us when registering for or during the event and if you enter into a prize promotion, we collect the data you input into the entry form.
Content
. Content of your files and communications you input, upload, receive, create, and control. For example, if you transmit a file using Skype to another Skype user, we need to collect the content of that file to display it to you and the other user. If you receive an email using Outlook.com, we need to collect the content of that email to deliver it to your inbox, display it to you, enable you to reply to it, and store it for you until you choose to delete it. Other content we collect when providing products to you include:
Communications, including audio, video, text (typed, inked, dictated, or otherwise), in a message, email, call, meeting request, or chat.
Photos, images, songs, movies, software, and other media or documents you store, retrieve, or otherwise process with our cloud.
Video or recordings
. Recordings of events and activities at Microsoft buildings, retail spaces, and other locations. If you enter Microsoft Store locations or other facilities, or attend a Microsoft event that is recorded, we may process your image and voice data.
Feedback and ratings
. Information you provide to us and the content of messages you send to us, such as feedback, survey data, and product reviews you write.
Traffic data
. Data generated through your use of Microsoft’s communications services. Traffic data indicates with whom you have communicated and when your communications occurred. We will process your traffic data only as required to provide, maintain, and improve our communications services and we do so with your consent.
Product-specific sections below describe data collection practices applicable to use of those products.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
How we use personal data
Microsoft uses the data we collect to provide you with rich, interactive experiences. In particular, we use data to:
Provide our products, which includes updating, securing, and troubleshooting, as well as providing support. It also includes sharing data, when it is required to provide the service or carry out the transactions you request.
Improve and develop our products.
Personalize our products and make recommendations.
Advertise and market to you, which includes sending promotional communications, targeting advertising, and presenting you with relevant offers.
We also use the data to operate our business, which includes analyzing our performance, meeting our legal obligations, developing our workforce, and doing research.
In carrying out these purposes, we combine data we collect from different contexts (for example, from your use of two Microsoft products) or obtain from third parties to give you a more seamless, consistent, and personalized experience, to make informed business decisions, and for other legitimate purposes.
Our processing of personal data for these purposes includes both automated and manual (human) methods of processing. Our automated methods often are related to and supported by our manual methods. For example, to build, train, and improve the accuracy of our automated methods of processing (including artificial intelligence or AI), we manually review some of the output produced by the automated methods against the underlying data.
As part of our efforts to improve and develop our products, we may use your data to develop and train our AI models. Learn more
here
.
Microsoft uses the data we collect to provide you rich, interactive experiences. In particular, we use data to:
Provide our products, which includes updating, securing, and troubleshooting, as well as providing support. It also includes sharing data, when it is required to provide the service or carry out the transactions you request.
Improve and develop our products.
Personalize our products and make recommendations.
Advertise and market to you, which includes sending promotional communications, targeting advertising, and presenting you relevant offers.
We also use the data to operate our business, which includes analyzing our performance, meeting our legal obligations, developing our workforce, and doing research.
For these purposes, we combine data we collect from different contexts (for example, from your use of two Microsoft products). For example, Microsoft Store uses information about the apps and services you use to make personalized app recommendations. However, we have built in technological and procedural safeguards designed to prevent certain data combinations where required by law. For example, where required by law, we store data we collect from you when you are unauthenticated (not signed in) separately from any account information that directly identifies you, such as your name, email address, or phone number.
Our processing of personal data for these purposes includes both automated and manual (human) methods of processing. Our automated methods often are related to and supported by our manual methods. For example, to build, train, and improve the accuracy of our automated methods of processing (including artificial intelligence or AI), we manually review some of the output produced by the automated methods against the underlying data.
As part of our efforts to improve and develop our products, we may use your data to develop and train our AI models. Learn more
here
.
Purposes and legal bases for processing
When we process personal data about you, we do so with your consent and/or as required to provide the products you use, operate our business, meet our contractual and legal obligations, protect the security and safety of our systems and our customers, or fulfill other legitimate interests of Microsoft or third parties as described in this section and in the
Reasons we share personal data
section of this privacy statement. Our bases for processing your personal data may vary depending on how and across what products and services we process your data.
When we process personal data based on our or a third party’s legitimate interests, we consider and balance those interests against your rights and freedoms, and we will only process your personal data where the legitimate interests we have in processing are not outweighed by your interests.
When we transfer personal data from the European Economic Area, we do so based on a variety of legal mechanisms, as described in the
Where we store and process personal data
section of this privacy statement.
More on the purposes of processing:
Provide our products
. We use data to operate our products and provide you with rich, interactive experiences. For example, if you use OneDrive, we process the documents you upload to OneDrive to enable you to retrieve, delete, edit, forward, or otherwise process it, at your direction as part of the service. Or, for example, if you enter a search query in the Bing search engine, we use that query to display search results to you. Additionally, as communications are a feature of various products, programs, and activities, we use data to contact you. For example, we may contact you by phone or email or other means to inform you when a subscription is ending or discuss your licensing account. We also communicate with you to secure our products, for example by letting you know when product updates are available.
Product improvement
. We use data to continually improve our products, including adding new features or capabilities. For example, we use error reports to improve security features, search queries and clicks in Bing to improve the relevancy of the search results, usage data to determine what new features to prioritize, and voice data to develop and improve speech recognition accuracy.
Personalization
. Many products include personalized features, such as recommendations that enhance your productivity and enjoyment. These features use automated processes to tailor your product experiences based on the data we have about you, such as inferences we make about you and your use of the product, activities, interests, and location. For example, depending on your settings, if you stream movies in a browser on your Windows device, you may see a recommendation for an app from the Microsoft Store that streams more efficiently. If you have a Microsoft account, with your permission, we can sync your settings on several devices. Many of our products provide controls to disable personalized features.
Product activation
. We use data—such as device and application type, location, and unique device, application, network, and subscription identifiers—to activate products that require activation.
Product development
. We use data to develop new products. For example, we use data, often de-identified, to better understand our customers’ computing and productivity needs, and to train and fine-tune AI models, which can shape the development of new products.
Customer support
. We use data to troubleshoot and diagnose product problems, repair customers’ devices, and provide other customer care and support services, including to help us provide, improve, and secure the quality of our products, services, and training, and to investigate security incidents. Call recording data may also be used to authenticate or identify you based on your voice to enable Microsoft to provide support services and investigate security incidents.
Help secure and troubleshoot
. We use data to help secure and troubleshoot our products. This includes using data to protect the security and safety of our products and customers, detecting malware and malicious activities, troubleshooting performance and compatibility issues to help customers get the most out of their experiences, and notifying customers of updates to our products. This may include using automated systems to detect security and safety issues.
Safety
. We use data to protect the safety of our products and our customers. Our security features and products can disrupt the operation of malicious software and notify users if malicious software is found on their devices. For example, some of our products, such as Outlook.com or OneDrive, systematically scan content in an automated manner to identify suspected spam, viruses, abusive actions, or URLs that have been flagged as fraud, phishing, or malware links; and we reserve the right to block delivery of a communication or remove content if it violates our terms.
In accordance with European Union Regulation (EU) 2021/1232, we have invoked the derogation permitted by that Regulation from Articles 5(1) and 6(1) of EU Directive 2002/58/EC. We use scanning technologies to create digital signatures (known as “hashes”) of certain images and video content on our systems. These technologies then compare the hashes they generate with hashes of reported child sexual exploitation and abuse imagery (known as a “hash set”), in a process called “hash matching”. Microsoft obtains hash sets from organizations that act in the public interest against child sex abuse. This can result in sharing information with the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children (NCMEC) and law enforcement authorities.
Updates
. We use data we collect to develop product updates and security patches. For example, we may use information about your device’s capabilities, such as available memory, to provide you a software update or security patch. Updates and patches are intended to maximize your experience with our products, help you protect the privacy and security of your data, provide new features, and evaluate whether your device is ready to process such updates.
Promotional communications
. We use data we collect to deliver promotional communications. You can sign up for email subscriptions and choose whether you wish to receive promotional communications from Microsoft by email, SMS, physical mail, and telephone. For information about managing your contact data, email subscriptions, and promotional communications, see the
How to access and control your personal data
section of this privacy statement.
Relevant offers
. Microsoft uses data to provide you with relevant and valuable information regarding our products. We analyze data from a variety of sources to predict the information that will be most interesting and relevant to you and deliver such information to you in a variety of ways. For example, we may predict your interest in gaming and communicate with you about new games you may like.
Advertising
. Microsoft does not use what you say in email, human-to-human chat, video calls, or voice mail, or your documents, photos, or other personal files to target ads to you. We use data we collect through our interactions with you, through some of our first-party products, services, apps, and web properties (Microsoft properties), and on third-party web properties, for advertising on our Microsoft properties and on third-party properties. We may use automated processes to help make advertising more relevant to you. For more information about how your data is used for advertising, see the
Advertising
section of this privacy statement.
Prize promotions and events
. We use your data to administer prize promotions and events available in our physical Microsoft Stores. For example, if you enter into a prize promotion, we may use your data to select a winner and provide the prize to you if you win. Or, if you register for a coding workshop or gaming event, we will add your name to the list of expected attendees.
Transacting commerce
. We use data to carry out your transactions with us. For example, we process payment information to provide customers with product subscriptions and use contact information to deliver goods purchased from the Microsoft Store.
Reporting and business operations
. We use data to analyze our operations and perform business intelligence. This enables us to make informed decisions and report on the performance of our business.
Protecting rights and property
. We use data to detect and prevent fraud, resolve disputes, enforce agreements, and protect our property. For example, we use data to confirm the validity of software licenses to reduce piracy. We may use automated processes to detect and prevent activities that violate our rights and the rights of others, such as fraud.
Legal compliance
. We process data to comply with applicable laws. For example, we use the age of our customers to assist us in meeting our obligations to protect children’s privacy. We also process contact information and credentials to help customers exercise their data protection rights.
Research.
With appropriate technical and organizational measures to safeguard individuals’ rights and freedoms, we use data to conduct research, including advanced machine learning and artificial intelligence capabilities for the benefit of the public interest and scientific purposes.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Reasons we share personal data
We share your personal data with your consent or to complete any transaction or provide any product you have requested or authorized. We also share data with Microsoft-controlled affiliates and subsidiaries; with vendors working on our behalf; when required by law or to respond to legal process; to protect our customers; to protect lives; to maintain the security of our products; and to protect the rights and property of Microsoft and its customers.
Please note that, as defined under certain U.S. state data privacy laws, “sharing” also relates to providing personal data to third parties for personalized advertising purposes. Please see the
U.S. State Data Privacy
section below and our
U.S. State Data Privacy Laws Notice
for more information.
We share your personal data with your consent or as necessary to complete any transaction or provide any product you have requested or authorized. For example, we share your content with third parties when you tell us to do so, such as when you send an email to a friend, share photos and documents on OneDrive, or link accounts with another service. If you use a Microsoft product provided by an organization you are affiliated with, such as an employer or school, or use an email address provided by such organization to access Microsoft products, we share certain data, such as interaction data and diagnostic data to enable your organization to manage the products. When you provide payment data to make a purchase, we will share payment data with banks and other entities that process payment transactions or provide other financial services, and for fraud prevention and credit risk reduction. Additionally, when you save a payment method (such as a card) to your account that you and other Microsoft account holders use to make purchases from Microsoft or its affiliates, your purchase receipts may be shared with anyone else who uses and has access to the same payment method to make a purchase from Microsoft, including the payment method’s named accountholder. When you permit push notifications for Microsoft products or applications on a non-Windows device, the operating system of that device will process some personal data to provide push notifications. Accordingly, Microsoft may send data to an external, third-party notification provider to deliver push notifications. Your device’s push notification services are governed by their own service-specific terms and privacy statements.
We also share personal data for digital advertising purposes. When you visit a website or use an app that wants to show you ads, the digital property may allow Microsoft to access or receive device data or certain other data identified in the Personal data we collect section above. We may then share this information with third party advertising platforms and advertisers to facilitate the delivery and measurement of ads on such digital properties.  Please see the Advertising and U.S. State Data Privacy sections below for more information about how your data is used for advertising.
In addition, we share personal data among Microsoft-controlled affiliates and subsidiaries. We also share personal data with vendors or agents working on our behalf for the purposes described in this statement. For example, companies we've hired to provide customer service support or assist in protecting and securing our systems and services may need access to personal data to provide those functions. In such cases, these companies must abide by our data privacy and security requirements and are not allowed to use personal data they receive from us for any other purpose. We may also disclose personal data as part of a corporate transaction such as a merger or sale of assets.
Finally, we will retain, access, transfer, disclose, and preserve personal data, including your content (such as the content of your emails in Outlook.com, or files in private folders on OneDrive), when we have a good faith belief that doing so is necessary to do any of the following:
Comply with applicable law or respond to valid legal process, including from law enforcement or other government agencies.
Protect the safety of our customers, organizations, and the public — for example, to prevent spam or attempts to defraud or otherwise cause harm, or to detect, prevent, and combat harmful or illegal behavior including the creation and sharing of harmful or illegal content.
Operate and maintain the security of our products, including to prevent or stop an attack on our computer systems or networks.
Protect the rights or property of Microsoft, including enforcing the terms governing the use of the services—however, if we receive information indicating that someone is using our services to traffic in stolen intellectual or physical property of Microsoft, we will not inspect a customer's private content ourselves, but we may refer the matter to law enforcement.
For more information about data we disclose in response to requests from law enforcement and other government agencies, please see our
Law Enforcement Requests Report
.
Please note that some of our products include links to or otherwise enable you to access products of third parties whose privacy practices differ from those of Microsoft. If you provide personal data to any of those products, your data is governed by their privacy policies.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
How to access and control your personal data
You can also make choices about the collection and use of your data by Microsoft. You can control your personal data that Microsoft has obtained, and exercise your data protection rights, by contacting Microsoft or using various tools we provide. In some cases, your ability to access or control your personal data will be limited, as required or permitted by applicable law. How you can access or control your personal data will also depend on which products you use. For example, you can:
Control the use of your data for personalized advertising from Microsoft, including Xandr, by visiting our
opt-out page
.
Choose whether you wish to receive promotional emails, SMS messages, telephone calls, and postal mail from Microsoft.
Access and clear some of your data through the
Microsoft privacy dashboard
.
Not all personal data processed by Microsoft can be accessed or controlled via the tools above. If you want to access or control personal data processed by Microsoft that is not available via the tools above or directly through the Microsoft products you use, you can always contact Microsoft at the address in the
How to contact us
section or by using our
web form
.
We provide aggregate metrics about user requests to exercise their data protection rights via the
Microsoft Privacy Report
.
You can also make choices about the collection and use of your data by Microsoft. You can control your personal data that Microsoft has obtained, and exercise your data protection rights, by contacting Microsoft or using various tools we provide. In some cases, your ability to access or control your personal data will be limited, as required or permitted by applicable law. How you can access or control your personal data will also depend on which products you use. For example, you can:
Control the use of your data for personalized advertising from Microsoft by visiting our
opt-out page
.
Choose whether you wish to receive promotional emails, SMS messages, telephone calls, and postal mail from Microsoft.
Access and clear some of your data through the
Microsoft privacy dashboard
.
Not all personal data processed by Microsoft can be accessed or controlled via the tools above. If you want to access or control personal data processed by Microsoft that is not available via the tools above or directly through the Microsoft products you use, you can always contact Microsoft at the address in the
How to contact us
section or by using our
web form
.
We provide aggregate metrics about user requests to exercise their data protection rights via the
Microsoft Privacy Report
.
You can access and control your personal data that Microsoft has obtained with tools Microsoft provides to you, which are described below, or by contacting Microsoft. For instance:
If Microsoft obtained your consent to use your personal data, you can withdraw that consent at any time.
You can request access to, erasure of, and updates to your personal data.
If you’d like to port your data elsewhere, you can use tools Microsoft provides to do so, or if none are available, you can contact Microsoft for assistance.
You can also object to or restrict the use of your personal data by Microsoft. For example, you can object at any time to our use of your personal data:
For direct marketing purposes.
Where we are performing a task in the public interest or pursuing our legitimate interests or those of a third party.
You may have these rights under applicable laws, including the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), but we offer them regardless of your location. In some cases, your ability to access or control your personal data will be limited, as required or permitted by applicable law.
If your organization, such as your employer, school, or service provider, provides you with access to and is administering your use of Microsoft products, contact your organization to learn more about how to access and control your personal data.
You can access and control your personal data that Microsoft has obtained, and exercise your data protection rights, using various tools we provide. The tools most useful to you will depend on our interactions with you and your use of our products. Here is a general list of tools we provide to help you control your personal data; specific products may provide additional controls.
Bing.
If you are signed into Bing, you can view and clear your stored search and chat history on your
privacy dashboard
. If you are not signed into Bing, you can view and clear stored search history associated to your device in your
Bing settings
.
Microsoft account.
If you wish to access, edit, or remove the profile information and payment information in your Microsoft account, change your password, add security information or close your account, you can do so by visiting the
Microsoft account website
.
If you have a
Microsoft Developer Network
(MSDN) public profile, you can access and edit your data by signing in at
MSDN forum
.
Microsoft privacy dashboard
. You can control some of the data Microsoft processes through your use of a Microsoft account on the
Microsoft privacy dashboard
. From here, for example, you can view and clear the browsing, search, and location data associated with your Microsoft account.
Microsoft Store.
You can access your Microsoft Store profile and account information by visiting
Microsoft Store
and selecting
View account
or
Order history.
Microsoft Teams for personal use.
You can find out how to export or delete Teams data relating to your personal Microsoft account by visiting this
page
.
OneDrive.
You can view, download, and delete your files and photos in OneDrive by signing into your
OneDrive
.
Outlook.com.
You can download your emails in
Outlook.com
by signing into your account and navigating to your
Privacy and data
settings.
Skype
. If you wish to access, edit, or remove some profile and payment information for Skype or change your password,
sign in to your account
. If you wish to export your Skype chat history and files shared on Skype, you can
request a copy
.
Volume Licensing Service Center (VLSC).
If you are a Volume Licensing customer, you can control your contact information and subscription and licensing data in one location by visiting the
Volume Licensing Service Center website
.
Xbox
. If you use the Xbox network or Xbox.com, you can view or edit your personal data, including billing and account information, privacy settings, and online safety and data sharing preferences by accessing
My Xbox
on the Xbox console or on the Xbox.com website.
Not all personal data processed by Microsoft can be accessed or controlled via the tools above. If you want to access or control personal data processed by Microsoft that is not available via the tools above or directly through the Microsoft products you use, you can always contact Microsoft at the address in the
How to contact us
section or by using our
web form
. We will respond to requests to control your personal data as required by applicable law.
Your communications preferences
You can choose whether you wish to receive promotional communications from Microsoft by email, SMS, physical mail, and telephone. If you receive promotional email or SMS messages from us and would like to opt out, you can do so by following the directions in that message. You can also make choices about the receipt of promotional email, telephone calls, and postal mail by signing in with your personal Microsoft account, and viewing your
communication permissions
where you can update contact information, manage Microsoft-wide contact preferences, opt out of email subscriptions, and choose whether to share your contact information with Microsoft partners. If you do not have a personal Microsoft account, you can manage your Microsoft email contact preferences by using this
web form
. These choices do not apply to mandatory service communications that are part of certain Microsoft products, programs, activities, or to surveys or other informational communications that have their own unsubscribe method.
Your advertising choices
To opt out of receiving personalized advertising from Microsoft, including Xandr, visit our
opt-out page
. When you opt out, your preference is stored in a cookie that is specific to the web browser you are using. The opt-out cookie has an expiration date of five years. If you delete the cookies on your device, you need to opt out again.
You can also link your opt-out choice with your personal Microsoft account. It will then apply on any device where you use that account and will continue to apply until someone signs in with a different personal Microsoft account on that device. If you delete the cookies on your device, you will need to sign in again for the settings to apply. You can view
our third party ad partners
on the
U.S. State Data Privacy Laws Notice
, and opt-out of data sharing with third parties at our opt-out
page
.
For Microsoft-controlled advertising that appears in apps on Windows, you may use the opt-out linked to your personal Microsoft account, or opt out of interest-based advertising by turning off the advertising ID in Windows settings.
Because the data used for interest-based advertising is also used for other required purposes (including providing our products, analytics, and fraud detection), opting out of interest-based advertising does not stop that data collection. You will continue to get ads, although they may be less relevant to you.
You can opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from third parties we partner with by visiting their sites (see above).
Browser-based controls
When you use a browser, you can control your personal data using certain features. For example:
Cookie controls
. You can control the data stored by cookies and withdraw consent to cookies by using the browser-based cookie controls described in the
Cookies
section of this privacy statement.
Tracking protections
. You can control the data third-party sites can collect about you using Tracking Protection in Internet Explorer (versions 9 and up) and Microsoft Edge. This feature will block third-party content, including cookies, from any site that is listed in a Tracking Protection List you add.
Browser controls for "Do Not Track."
Some browsers have incorporated "Do Not Track" (DNT) features that can send a signal to the websites you visit indicating you do not wish to be tracked. Because there is not yet a common understanding of how to interpret the DNT signal, Microsoft services do not currently respond to browser DNT signals. We continue to work with the online industry to define a common understanding of how to treat DNT signals. In the meantime, you can use the range of other tools we provide to control data collection and use, including the ability to opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from Microsoft as described above.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Cookies and similar technologies
Cookies are small text files placed on your device to store data that can be recalled by a web server in the domain that placed the cookie. We use cookies and similar technologies for storing and honoring your preferences and settings, enabling you to sign in, providing interest-based advertising, combating fraud, analyzing how our products perform, and fulfilling other legitimate purposes. Microsoft apps use additional identifiers, such as the advertising ID in Windows described in the
Advertising ID
section of this privacy statement, for similar purposes.
We also use “web beacons” to help deliver cookies and gather usage and performance data. Our websites may include web beacons, cookies, or similar technologies from Microsoft affiliates and partners as well as third parties, such as service providers acting on our behalf.
Third party cookies may include: Social Media cookies designed to show you ads and content based on your social media profiles and activities on our websites; Analytics cookies to better understand how you and others use our websites so that we can make them better, and so the third parties can improve their own products and services; Advertising cookies to show you ads that are relevant to you; and Required cookies used to perform essential website functions. Where required, we obtain your consent prior to placing or using optional cookies that are not (i) strictly necessary to provide the website; or (ii) for the purpose of facilitating a communication.
Please see the Learn more section below for information about our use of third party cookies, web beacons and analytics services, and other similar technologies on our websites and services. For a list of the third parties that set cookies on our websites, including service providers acting on our behalf, please visit our
third party cookie
inventory. On some of our websites, a list of third parties is available directly on the site. The third parties on these sites may not be included in the list on our
third party cookie inventory
.
You have a variety of tools to control the data collected by cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies. For example, you can use controls in your internet browser to limit how the websites you visit are able to use cookies and to withdraw your consent by clearing or blocking cookies.
Cookies are small text files placed on your device to store data that can be recalled by a web server in the domain that placed the cookie. This data often consists of a string of numbers and letters that uniquely identifies your computer, but it can contain other information as well. Some cookies are placed by third parties acting on our behalf. We use cookies and similar technologies to store and honor your preferences and settings, enable you to sign-in, provide interest-based advertising, combat fraud, analyze how our products perform, and fulfill other legitimate purposes described below. Microsoft apps use additional identifiers, such as the advertising ID in Windows, for similar purposes, and many of our websites and applications also contain web beacons or other similar technologies, as described below.
Our use of cookies and similar technologies
Microsoft uses cookies and similar technologies for several purposes, depending on the context or product, including:
Storing your preferences and settings
. We use cookies to store your preferences and settings on your device, and to enhance your experiences. For example, depending on your settings, if you enter your city or postal code to get local news or weather information on a Microsoft website, we store that data in a cookie so that you will see the relevant local information when you return to the site. Saving your preferences with cookies, such as your preferred language, prevents you from having to set your preferences repeatedly. If you opt out of interest-based advertising, we store your opt-out preference in a cookie on your device. Similarly, in scenarios where we obtain your consent to place cookies on your device, we store your choice in a cookie.
Sign-in and authentication
. We use cookies to authenticate you. When you sign in to a website using your personal Microsoft account, we store a unique ID number, and the time you signed in, in an encrypted cookie on your device. This cookie allows you to move from page to page within the site without having to sign in again on each page. You can also save your sign-in information so you do not have to sign in each time you return to the site.
Security
. We use cookies to process information that helps us secure our products, as well as detect fraud and abuse.
Storing information you provide to a website
. We use cookies to remember information you shared. When you provide information to Microsoft, such as when you add products to a shopping cart on Microsoft websites, we store the data in a cookie for the purpose of remembering the information.
Social media
. Some of our websites include social media cookies, including those that enable users who are signed in to the social media service to share content via that service.
Feedback
. Microsoft uses cookies to enable you to provide feedback on a website.
Interest-based advertising
. Microsoft uses cookies to collect data about your online activity and identify your interests so that we can provide advertising that is most relevant to you. You can opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from Microsoft as described in the
How to access and control your personal data
section of this privacy statement.
Showing advertising
. Microsoft uses cookies to record how many visitors have clicked on an advertisement and to record which advertisements you have seen, for example, so you do not see the same one repeatedly.
Analytics
. We use first- and third-party cookies and other identifiers to gather usage and performance data. For example, we use cookies to count the number of unique visitors to a web page or service and to develop other statistics about the operations of our products.
Performance
. Microsoft uses cookies to understand and improve how our products perform. For example, we use cookies to gather data that helps with load balancing; this helps us keep our websites remain up and running.
Where required, we obtain your consent prior to placing or using optional cookies that are not (i) strictly necessary to provide the website; or (ii) for the purpose of facilitating a communication. Please see the “How to Control Cookies” section below for more information.
Some of the cookies we commonly use are listed below. This list is not exhaustive, but it is intended to illustrate the primary purposes for which we typically set cookies. If you visit one of our websites, the site will set some or all of the following cookies:
MSCC
. Contains user choices for most Microsoft properties.
MUID, MC1, MSFPC, and MSPTC
. Identifies unique web browsers visiting Microsoft sites. These cookies are used for advertising, site analytics, and other operational purposes.
ANON
. Contains the ANID, a unique identifier derived from your Microsoft account, which is used for advertising, personalization, and operational purposes. It is also used to preserve your choice to opt out of interest-based advertising from Microsoft if you have chosen to associate the opt-out with your Microsoft account.
CC
. Contains a country code as determined from your IP address.
PPAuth, MSPAuth, MSNRPSAuth, KievRPSAuth, WLSSC, MSPProf
. Helps to authenticate you when you sign in with your Microsoft account.
MC0
. Detects whether cookies are enabled in the browser.
MS0
. Identifies a specific session.
NAP
. Contains an encrypted version of your country, postal code, age, gender, language and occupation, if known, based on your Microsoft account profile.
MH
. Appears on co-branded sites where Microsoft is partnering with an advertiser. This cookie identifies the advertiser, so the right ad is selected.
childinfo, kcdob, kcrelid, kcru, pcfm
. Contains information that Microsoft account uses within its pages in relation to child accounts.
MR
. This cookie is used by Microsoft to reset or refresh the MUID cookie.
x-ms-gateway-slice
. Identifies a gateway for load balancing.
TOptOut
. Records your decision not to receive interest-based advertising delivered by Microsoft. Where required, we place this cookie by default and remove it when you consent to interest-based advertising.
ApplicationGatewayAffinity
and
ApplicationGatewayAffinityCORS
.  These session cookies are used for load balancing purposes and to ensure requests for a user session are handled by the same server.
We may also use the cookies of other Microsoft affiliates, companies, and partners, such as LinkedIn and Xandr.
Third Party Cookies
In addition to the cookies Microsoft sets when you visit our websites, we also use cookies from third parties to enhance the services on our sites. Some third parties can also set cookies when you visit Microsoft sites. For example:
Companies we hire to provide services on our behalf, such as site analytics, place cookies when you visit our sites.
Companies that deliver content on Microsoft sites, such as videos or news, or ads, place cookies on their own.
These companies use the data they process in accordance with their privacy policies, which may enable these companies to collect and combine information about your activities across websites, apps, or online services.
The following types of third-party cookies may be used, depending on the context, service or product, as well as your settings and permissions:
Social Media cookies.
We and third parties use social media cookies to show you ads and content based on your social media profiles and activity on our websites. They’re used to connect your activity on our websites to your social media profiles so the ads and content you see on our websites and on social media will better reflect your interests.
Analytics cookies.
We allow third parties to use analytics cookies to understand how you use our websites so we can make them better and the third parties can develop and improve their products, which they may use on websites that are not owned or operated by Microsoft. For example, analytics cookies are used to gather information about the pages you visit and how many clicks you need to accomplish a task. These cookies may also be used for advertising purposes.
Advertising cookies.
We and third parties use advertising cookies to show you new ads by recording which ads you've already seen. They're also used to track which ads you click on or purchases you make after clicking on an ad for payment purposes, and to show you ads that are more relevant to you. For example, they're used to detect when you click on an ad and show you ads based on your social media interests and website browsing history.
Required cookies.
We use required cookies to perform essential website functions. For example, to log you in, save your language preferences, provide a shopping cart experience, improve performance, route traffic between web servers, detect the size of your screen, determine page load times, and measure audiences. These cookies are necessary for our websites to work.
Where required, we obtain your consent prior to placing or using optional cookies that are not (i) strictly necessary to provide the website; or (ii) for the purpose of facilitating a communication.
For a list of the third parties that set cookies on our websites, including service providers acting on our behalf, please visit our
third party cookie inventory
. The third party cookie inventory also includes links to those third parties’ websites or privacy notices. Please consult the third party websites or privacy notices for more information on their privacy practices with respect to their cookies that may be set on our websites. On some of our websites, a list of third parties is available directly on the site. The third parties on these sites may not be included in the list on our
third party cookie inventory
.
How to control cookies
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies but provide controls that allow you to block or delete them. For example, in Microsoft Edge, you can block or delete cookies by selecting
Settings
>
Privacy and services
>
Clear Browsing data
>
Cookies and other site data
. For more information about how to delete your cookies in Microsoft browsers, see
Microsoft Edge
,
Microsoft Edge Legacy
, or
Internet Explorer
. If you use a different browser, refer to that browser’s instructions.
As mentioned above, where required, we obtain your consent before placing or using optional cookies that are not (i) strictly necessary to provide the website; or (ii) for the purpose of facilitating a communication. We separate these optional cookies by purpose, such as for advertising and social media purposes. You may consent to certain categories of optional cookies and not others. You also may adjust your choices by clicking “Manage cookies” in the footer of the website or through the settings made available on the website. Certain features of Microsoft products depend on cookies. If you choose to block cookies, you cannot sign in or use some of those features, and preferences that are dependent on cookies will be lost. If you choose to delete cookies, any settings and preferences controlled by those cookies, including advertising preferences, are deleted and will need to be recreated.
Additional privacy controls that can impact cookies, including the tracking protections feature of Microsoft browsers, are described in the
How to access and control your personal data
section of this privacy statement.
Our use of web beacons and analytics services
Some Microsoft webpages contain electronic tags known as web beacons that we use to help deliver cookies on our websites, count users who have visited those websites, and deliver co-branded products. We also include web beacons or similar technologies in our electronic communications to determine whether you open and act on them.
In addition to placing web beacons on our own websites, we sometimes work with other companies to place our web beacons on their websites or in their advertisements. This helps us to, for example, develop statistics on how often clicking on an advertisement on a Microsoft website results in a purchase or other action on the advertiser's website. It also allows us to understand your activity on the website of a Microsoft partner in connection with your use of a Microsoft product or service.
Finally, Microsoft products often contain web beacons or similar technologies from third-party analytics providers, which help us compile aggregated statistics about the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns or other operations. These technologies enable the analytics providers to set or read their own cookies or other identifiers on your device, through which they can collect information about your online activities across applications, websites, or other products. However, we prohibit these analytics providers from using web beacons on our sites to collect or access information that directly identifies you (such as your name or email address). You can opt out of data collection or use by some of these analytics providers by visiting any of the following sites:
Adjust
,
AppsFlyer
,
Clicktale
,
Flurry Analytics
,
Google Analytics
(requires you to install a browser add-on),
Kissmetrics
,
Mixpanel
,
Nielsen
,
Acuity Ads
,
WebTrends
, or
Optimizely
.
Other similar technologies
In addition to standard cookies and web beacons, our products can also use other similar technologies to store and read data files on your computer. This is typically done to maintain your preferences or to improve speed and performance by storing certain files locally. But, like standard cookies, these technologies can also store a unique identifier for your computer, which can then track behavior. These technologies include Local Shared Objects (or "Flash cookies") and Silverlight Application Storage.
Local Shared Objects or "Flash cookies."
Websites that use Adobe Flash technologies can use Local Shared Objects or "Flash cookies" to store data on your computer. To learn how to manage or block Flash cookies, go to the
Flash Player help page
.
Silverlight Application Storage
. Websites or applications that use Microsoft Silverlight technology also have the ability to store data by using Silverlight Application Storage. To learn how to manage or block such storage, see the
Silverlight
section of this privacy statement.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Products provided by your organization—notice to end users
If you use a Microsoft product with an account provided by an organization you are affiliated with, such as your work or school account, that organization can:
Control and administer your Microsoft product and product account, including controlling privacy-related settings of the product or product account.
Access and process your data, including the interaction data, diagnostic data, and the contents of your communications and files associated with your Microsoft product and product accounts.
If you lose access to your work or school account (in event of change of employment, for example), you may lose access to products and the content associated with those products, including those you acquired on your own behalf, if you used your work or school account to sign in to such products.
Many Microsoft products are intended for use by organizations, such as schools and businesses. Please see the
Enterprise and developer products
section of this privacy statement. If your organization provides you with access to Microsoft products, your use of the Microsoft products is subject to your organization's policies, if any. You should direct your privacy inquiries, including any requests to exercise your data protection rights, to your organization’s administrator. When you use social features in Microsoft products, other users in your network may see some of your activity. To learn more about the social features and other functionality, please review documentation or help content specific to the Microsoft product. Microsoft is not responsible for the privacy or security practices of our customers, which may differ from those set forth in this privacy statement.
When you use a Microsoft product provided by your organization, Microsoft’s processing of your personal data in connection with that product is governed by a contract between Microsoft and your organization. Microsoft processes your personal data to provide the product to your organization and you, and in some cases for Microsoft’s business operations related to providing the product as described in the
Enterprise and developer products
section. As mentioned above, if you have questions about Microsoft’s processing of your personal data in connection with providing products to your organization, please contact your organization. If you have questions about Microsoft’s business operations in connection with providing products to your organization as provided in the Product Terms, please contact Microsoft as described in the
How to contact us
section. For more information on our business operations, please see the
Enterprise and developer products
section.
For Microsoft products provided by your K-12 school, including Microsoft 365 Education, Microsoft will:
not collect or use student personal data beyond that needed for authorized educational or school purposes;
not sell or rent student personal data;
not use or share student personal data for advertising or similar commercial purposes, such as behavioral targeting of advertisements to students;
not build a personal profile of a student, other than for supporting authorized educational or school purposes or as authorized by the parent, guardian, or student of appropriate age; and
require that our vendors with whom student personal data is shared to deliver the educational service, if any, are obligated to implement these same commitments for student personal data.
Back to top
Microsoft account
With a Microsoft account, you can sign in to Microsoft products, as well as those of select Microsoft partners. Personal data associated with your Microsoft account includes credentials, name and contact data, payment data, device and usage data, your contacts, information about your activities, and your interests and favorites. Signing in to your Microsoft account enables personalization and consistent experiences across products and devices, permits you to use cloud data storage, allows you to make payments using payment instruments stored in your Microsoft account, and enables other features.
There are three types of Microsoft account:
When you create your own Microsoft account tied to your personal email address, we refer to that account as a
personal Microsoft account
.
When you or your organization (such as an employer or your school) create your Microsoft account tied to your email address provided by that organization, we refer to that account as a
work or school account
.
When you or your service provider (such as a cable or internet service provider) create your Microsoft account tied to your email address with your service provider’s domain, we refer to that account as a
third-party account
.
If you sign into a service offered by a third party with your Microsoft account, you will share with that third party the account data required by that service.
With a Microsoft account, you can sign into Microsoft products, as well as those of select Microsoft partners. Personal data associated with your Microsoft account includes credentials, name and contact data, payment data, device and usage data, your contacts, information about your activities, and your interests and favorites. Signing into your Microsoft account enables personalization, consistent experiences across products and devices, permits you to use cloud data storage, allows you to make payments using payment instruments stored in your Microsoft account, and enables other features. There are three types of Microsoft account:
When you create your own Microsoft account tied to your personal email address, we refer to that account as a
personal Microsoft account
.
When you or your organization (such as an employer or your school) create your Microsoft account tied to your email address provided by that organization, we refer to that account as a
work or school account
.
When you or your service provider (such as a cable or internet service provider) create your Microsoft account tied to your email address with your service provider’s domain, we refer to that account as a
third-party account
.
Personal Microsoft accounts
. The data associated with your personal Microsoft account, and how that data is used, depends on how you use the account.
Creating your Microsoft account
. When you create a personal Microsoft account, you will be asked to provide certain personal data and we will assign a unique ID number to identify your account and associated information. While some products, such as those involving payment, require a real name, you can sign in to and use other Microsoft products without providing your real name. Some data you provide, such as your display name, email address, and phone number, can be used to help others find and connect with you within Microsoft products. For example, people who know your display name, email address, or phone number can use it to search for you on Skype or Microsoft Teams for personal use and send you an invite to connect with them. Note that if you use a work or school email address to create a personal Microsoft account, your employer or school may gain access to your data. In some cases, you will need to change the email address to a personal email address in order to continue accessing consumer-oriented products (such as the Xbox network).
Signing in to Microsoft account
. When you sign in to your Microsoft account, we create a record of your sign-in, which includes the date and time, information about the product you signed in to, your sign-in name, the unique number assigned to your account, a unique identifier assigned to your device, your IP address, and your operating system and browser version.
Signing in to Microsoft products
. Signing in to your account enables improved personalization, provides seamless and consistent experiences across products and devices, permits you to access and use cloud data storage, allows you to make payments using payment instruments stored in your Microsoft account, and enables other enhanced features and settings. For example, when you sign in, Microsoft makes information saved to your account available across Microsoft products so important things are right where you need them. When you sign in to your account, you will stay signed in until you sign out. If you add your Microsoft account to a Windows device (version 8 or higher), Windows will automatically sign you in to products that use Microsoft account when you access those products on that device. When you are signed in, some products will display your name or username and your profile photo (if you have added one to your profile) as part of your use of Microsoft products, including in your communications, social interactions, and public posts.
Learn more about your Microsoft account, your data, and your choices
.
Signing in to third-party products
. If you sign in to a third-party product with your Microsoft account, you will share data with the third party in accordance with the third party’s privacy policy. The third party will also receive the version number assigned to your account (a new version number is assigned each time you change your sign-in data); and information that describes whether your account has been deactivated. If you share your profile data, the third party can display your name or user name and your profile photo (if you have added one to your profile) when you are signed in to that third-party product. If you chose to make payments to third-party merchants using your Microsoft account, Microsoft will pass information stored in your Microsoft account to the third party or its vendors (e.g., payment processors) as necessary to process your payment and fulfill your order (such as name, credit card number, billing and shipping addresses, and relevant contact information). The third party can use or share the data it receives when you sign in or make a purchase according to its own practices and policies.
You should carefully review the privacy statement for each product you sign in to and each merchant you purchase from to determine how it will use the data it collects
.
Work or school accounts
. The data associated with a work or school account, and how it will be used, is generally similar to the use and collection of data associated with a personal Microsoft account.
If your employer or school uses Microsoft Entra ID to manage the account it provides you, you can use your work or school account to sign in to Microsoft products, such as Microsoft 365 and Office 365, and third-party products provided to you by your organization. If required by your organization, you will also be asked to provide a phone number or an alternative email address for additional security verification. And, if allowed by your organization, you may also use your work or school account to sign in to Microsoft or third-party products that you acquire for yourself.
If you sign in to Microsoft products with a work or school account, note:
The owner of the domain associated with your email address may control and administer your account, and access and process your data, including the contents of your communications and files, including data stored in products provided to you by your organization, and products you acquire by yourself.
Your use of the products is subject to your organization’s policies, if any. You should consider both your organization’s policies and whether you are comfortable enabling your organization to access your data before you choose to use your work or school account to sign in to products you acquire for yourself.
If you lose access to your work or school account (if you change employers, for example), you may lose access to products, including content associated with those products, you acquired on your own behalf if you used your work or school account to sign in to such products.
Microsoft is not responsible for the privacy or security practices of your organization, which may differ from those of Microsoft.
If your organization is administering your use of Microsoft products, please direct your privacy inquiries, including any requests to exercise your data subject rights, to your administrator. See also the
Notice to end users
section of this privacy statement.
If you are uncertain whether your account is a work or school account, please contact your organization.
Third-party accounts
. The data associated with a third-party Microsoft account, and how it will be used, is generally similar to the use and collection of data associated with a personal Microsoft account. Your service provider has control over your account, including the ability to access or delete your account.
You should carefully review the terms the third party provided you to understand what it can do with your account
.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Collection of data from children
For users under the age of 13 or as specified by law in their jurisdiction, certain Microsoft products and services will either block users under that age or will ask them to obtain consent or authorization from a parent or guardian before they can use it, including when creating an account to access Microsoft services. We will not knowingly ask children under that age to provide more data than is required to provide for the product.
Once parental consent or authorization is granted, the child's account is treated much like any other account. Learn more about personal and school accounts in the
Microsoft account section
of the Privacy Statement and
Microsoft Family Safety
in the product-specific section. The child can access communication services, like Outlook and Skype, and can freely communicate and share data with other users of all ages. Parents or guardians can change or revoke the consent choices previously made.
Learn more about parental consent and Microsoft child accounts
. As the organizer of a Microsoft family group, the parent or guardian can manage their child’s information and settings on their
Family Safety
page and view and delete a child’s data on their
privacy dashboard
. Accounts that require parental consent to be created are automatically included as part of the family group of the individual who provided the consent for account creation. For child accounts that do not require parental consent to be created, (e.g., for children who are over the age at which parental consent is legally required), the parent or guardian may still use a family group, but must add the child account to their family group after the account is created. Select Learn more below for more information about how to access and delete child data and information about children and Xbox profiles.
For users under the age of 13 or as specified by law in their jurisdiction, certain Microsoft products and services will either block users under that age or will ask them to obtain consent or authorization from a parent or guardian before they can use it, including when creating an account to access Microsoft services. We will not knowingly ask children under that age to provide more data than is required to provide for the product.
Once parental consent or authorization is granted, the child's account is treated much like any other account. The child can access communication services, like Outlook and Skype, and can freely communicate and share data with other users of all ages.
Learn more about parental consent and Microsoft child accounts
.
Parents or guardians can change or revoke the consent choices previously made. As the organizer of a Microsoft family group, the parent or guardian can manage their child’s information and settings on their
Family Safety
page and view and delete a child’s data on their
privacy dashboard
. Accounts that require parental consent to be created are automatically included as part of the family group of the individual who provided the consent for account creation. For child accounts that do not require parental consent to be created (e.g., for children who are over the age at which parental consent is legally required), the parent or guardian may still use a family group, but must add the child account to their family group after the account is created. See below for more information about how to access and delete child data.
Below is additional information about the collection of data from children, including more details as related to Xbox.
Accessing and deleting child data.
For Microsoft products and services that require parental consent, a parent can view and delete certain data belonging to their child from the parent’s
privacy dashboard
: browsing history, search history, location activity, media activity, apps and service activity, and product and service performance data. To delete this data, a parent can sign in to their
privacy dashboard
and manage their child’s activities. Please note that a parent’s ability to access and/or delete a child’s personal information on their privacy dashboard will vary depending on the laws where you are located.
Additionally, a parent can contact our
privacy support team
through the
privacy support form
and, following authentication, request that the data types on the privacy dashboard together with the following data be deleted: software, setup, and inventory; device connectivity and configuration; feedback and ratings; fitness and activity; support content; support interactions; and environmental sensor. We process authenticated deletion requests within 30 days of receipt.
Please note that content like emails, contacts, and chats are accessible through in-product experiences. You can find more information about data you are able to control within Microsoft products by visiting our
Privacy Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)
.
If your child’s account is not a part of your Microsoft family group and you do not have access to your child’s activity on your privacy dashboard, then you need to submit a request related to your child’s data through the
privacy support form
. The privacy team will ask for account verification before fulfilling the request.
To delete all of your child’s personal information, you must request deletion of the child’s account through the
close your account form
. This link will prompt you to sign in with your child’s account credentials. Check that the page shows the correct Microsoft account, and then follow the instructions to request that your child’s account be deleted.
Learn more about how to close a Microsoft account
.
After you submit the request to close your child’s account, we will wait 60 days before permanently deleting the account in case you change your mind or need to access something on the account before it is permanently closed and deleted. During the waiting period, the account is marked for closure and permanent deletion, but it still exists. If you want to reopen your child’s Microsoft account, just sign in again within that 60-day period. We will cancel the account closure, and the account will be reinstated.
What is Xbox?
Xbox is the gaming and entertainment division of Microsoft. Xbox hosts an online network that consists of software and enables online experiences crossing multiple platforms. This network lets your child find and play games, view content, and connect with friends on Xbox and other gaming and social networks.
When users sign in to Xbox, in apps, games or on an Xbox console, we assign a unique identifier to their device. For instance, when their Xbox console is connected to the internet and they sign in to the console, we identify which console and which version of the console’s operating system they are using.
Xbox continues to provide new experiences in client apps that are connected to and backed by services such as Xbox network and cloud gaming. When signed in to an Xbox experience, we collect required data to help keep these experiences safe, secure, up to date, and performing as expected.
Data we collect when you create an Xbox profile
. You as the parent or guardian are required to consent to the collection of personal data from a child under 13 years old or as otherwise specified by your jurisdiction. With your permission, your child can have an Xbox profile and use the online Xbox network. During the child Xbox profile creation, you will sign in with your own Microsoft account to verify that you are an adult organizer in your Microsoft family group. We collect an alternate email address or phone number to boost account security. If your child needs help accessing their account, they will be able to use one of these alternates to validate they own the Microsoft account.
We collect limited information about children, including name, birthdate, email address, and region. When you sign your child up for an Xbox profile, they get a gamertag (a public nickname) and a unique identifier. When you create your child’s Xbox profile you consent to Microsoft collecting, using, and sharing information based on their privacy and communication settings on the Xbox online network. Your child’s privacy and communication settings are defaulted to the most restrictive.
Data we collect
. We collect information about your child’s use of Xbox services, games, apps, and devices including:
When they sign in and sign out of Xbox, purchase history, and content they obtain.
Which games they play and apps they use, their game progress, achievements, play time per game, and other play statistics.
Performance data about Xbox consoles, Xbox Game Pass and other Xbox apps, the Xbox network, connected accessories, and network connection, including any software or hardware errors.
Content they add, upload, or share through the Xbox network, including text, pictures, and video they capture in games and apps.
Social activity, including chat data and interactions with other gamers, and connections they make (friends they add and people who follow them) on the Xbox network.
If your child uses an Xbox console or Xbox app on another device capable of accessing the Xbox network, and that device includes a storage device (hard drive or memory unit), usage data will be stored on the storage device and sent to Microsoft the next time they sign in to Xbox, even if they have been playing offline.
Xbox diagnostic data
. If your child uses Xbox console, Xbox will send required data to Microsoft. Required data is the minimum data necessary to help keep Xbox safe, secure, up to date, and performing as expected.
Game captures
. Any player in a multiplayer game session can record video (game clips) and capture screenshots of their view of the game play. Other players’ game clips and screenshots can capture your child’s in-game character and gamertag during that session. If a player captures game clips and screenshots on a PC, the resulting game clips might also capture audio chat if your child’s privacy and communication settings on the Xbox online network allow it.
Captioning
. During Xbox real-time (“party”) chat, players may activate a voice-to-text feature that lets them view that chat as text. If a player activates this feature, Microsoft uses the resulting text data to provide captioning of chat for players who need it. This data may also be used to provide a safe gaming environment and enforce the
Community Standards for Xbox
.
Data use
. Microsoft uses the data we collect when your child uses Xbox to improve gaming products and experiences— making it safer and more fun over time. Data we collect also enables us to provide your child with curated experiences. This includes connecting them to games, content, services, and recommendations.
Xbox data viewable by others
. When your child is using the Xbox network, their online presence (which can be set to “appear offline” or “blocked”), gamertag, game play statistics, and achievements are visible to other players on the network. Depending on how you set your child’s Xbox safety settings, they might share information when playing or communicating with others on the Xbox network.
Safety
. In order to help make the Xbox network a safe gaming environment and enforce the Community Standards for Xbox, we may collect and review voice, text, images, videos and in-game content (such as game clips your child uploads, conversations they have, and things they post in clubs and games).
Anti-cheat and fraud prevention
. Providing a fair gameplay environment is important to us. We prohibit cheating, hacking, account stealing, and any other unauthorized or fraudulent activity when your child uses an Xbox online game or any network-connected app on their Xbox console, PC, or mobile device. In order to detect and prevent fraud and cheating, we may use anti-cheat and fraud prevention tools, applications, and other technologies. Such technologies may create digital signatures (known as “hashes”) using certain information collected from their Xbox console, PC, or mobile device, and how they use that device. This can include information about the browser, device, activities, game identifiers, and operating system.
Xbox data shared with game and apps publishers
. When your child uses an Xbox online game or any network-connected app on their Xbox console, PC, or mobile device, the publisher of that game or app has access to data about their usage to help the publisher deliver, support, and improve its product. This data may include: your child’s Xbox user identifier, gamertag, limited account info such as country and age range, data about your child’s in-game communications, any Xbox enforcement activity, game-play sessions (for example, moves made in-game or types of vehicles used in-game), your child’s presence on the Xbox network, the time they spend playing the game or app, rankings, statistics, gamer profiles, avatars, or gamerpics, friends lists, activity feeds for official clubs they belong to, official club memberships, and any content they create or submit in the game or app.
Third-party publishers and developers of games and apps have their own distinct and independent relationship with users and their collection and usage of personal data is subject to their specific privacy policies. You should carefully review their policies to determine how they use your child’s data. For example, publishers may choose to disclose or display game data (such as on leaderboards) through their own services. You may find their policies linked from the game or app detail pages in our stores.
Learn more at
Data Sharing with Games and Apps
.
To stop sharing game or app data with a publisher, remove its games or app from all devices where they have been installed. Some publisher access to your child’s data may be revoked at
microsoft.com/consent
.
Managing child settings
. As the organizer of a Microsoft family group, you can manage a child’s information and settings on their
Family Safety
page, as well as their Xbox profile privacy settings from their
Xbox Privacy & online safety page
.
You can also use the
Xbox Family Settings
app to manage your child’s experience on the Xbox Network including: spending for Microsoft and Xbox stores, viewing your child’s Xbox activity, and setting age ratings and the amount of screen time. Xbox-specific Family Safety settings will apply on Xbox console or via Xbox on PC or mobile device but may not be applied on other platforms.
Learn more about managing Xbox profiles at
Xbox online safety and privacy settings
.
Learn more about Microsoft family groups at
Simplify your family’s life
.
Legacy
.
Xbox 360
. This Xbox console collects limited required diagnostic data. This data helps keep your child’s console functioning as expected.
Kinect
. The Kinect sensor is a combination of camera, microphone, and infrared sensor that can enable motions and voice to be used to control game play. For example:
If you choose, the camera can be used to sign in to the Xbox network automatically using facial recognition. This data stays on the console, is not shared with anyone, and can be deleted at any time.
For game play, Kinect will map distances between the joints on your child’s body to create a stick figure representation to enable play.
The Kinect microphone can enable voice chat between players during play. The microphone also enables voice commands for control of the console, game, or app, or to enter search terms.
The Kinect sensor can also be used for audio and video communications through services such as Skype.
Learn more about Kinect at
Xbox Kinect and Privacy
.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Other important privacy information
Below you will find additional privacy information, such as how we secure your data, where we process your data, and how long we retain your data. You can find more information on Microsoft and our commitment to protecting your privacy at
Microsoft Privacy
.
Below you will find additional privacy information, such as how we secure your data, where we process your data, and how long we retain your data. You can find more information on Microsoft and our commitment to protecting your privacy at
Microsoft Privacy
.
Security of personal data
Microsoft is committed to protecting the security of your personal data. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal data from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. For example, we store the personal data you provide on computer systems that have limited access and are in controlled facilities. When we transmit highly confidential data (such as a credit card number or password) over the internet, we protect it through the use of encryption. Microsoft complies with applicable data protection laws, including applicable security breach notification laws.
Back to top
Where we store and process personal data
Personal data collected by Microsoft may be stored and processed in your region, in the United States, and in any other jurisdiction where Microsoft or its affiliates, subsidiaries, or service providers operate facilities. Microsoft maintains major data centers in Australia, Austria, Brazil, Canada, Finland, France, Germany, Hong Kong, India, Ireland, Japan, Korea, Luxembourg, Malaysia, the Netherlands, Singapore, South Africa, the United Kingdom, and the United States. Typically, the primary storage location is in the customer’s region or in the United States, often with a backup to a data center in another region. The storage location(s) are chosen in order to operate and provide our services efficiently, improve performance, and create redundancies in order to protect the data in the event of an outage or other problem. We take steps to process the data that we collect under this privacy statement according to this statement’s provisions and the requirements of applicable law.
We transfer personal data from the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland to other countries, some of which have not yet been determined by the European Commission to have an adequate level of data protection. For example, their laws may not guarantee you the same rights, or there may not be a privacy supervisory authority there that is capable of addressing your complaints. When we engage in such transfers, we use a variety of legal mechanisms, including contracts such as the standard contractual clauses published by the European Commission under Commission Implementing Decision 2021/914, to help protect your rights and enable these protections to travel with your data. To learn more about the European Commission’s decisions on the adequacy of the protection of personal data in the countries where Microsoft processes personal data, see this article on
the European Commission website
.
Microsoft Corporation complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Microsoft Corporation has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Microsoft Corporation has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. In the context of an onward transfer, Microsoft Corporation has responsibility for the processing of personal data it receives under the DPF and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on our behalf. Microsoft Corporation remains liable under the DPF if our agent processes such personal information in a manner inconsistent with the DPF, unless Microsoft Corporation can prove that we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy statement and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please
visit the U.S. Department of Commerce’s Data Privacy Framework website
. The controlled U.S. subsidiaries of Microsoft Corporation, as identified in our self-certification submission, also adhere to the DPF Principles—for more info, see the list of
Microsoft U.S. Entities Covered by Data Privacy Framework Certification
.
If you have a question or complaint related to participation by Microsoft in the DPF Frameworks, we encourage you to contact us via our
web form
. For any complaints related to the DPF Frameworks that Microsoft cannot resolve directly, we have chosen to cooperate with the relevant EU Data Protection Authority, or a panel established by the European data protection authorities, for resolving disputes with EU individuals, the UK Information Commissioner (for UK individuals), and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) for resolving disputes with Swiss individuals. Please contact us if you’d like us to direct you to your data protection authority contacts. As further explained in the DPF Principles, binding arbitration is available to address residual complaints not resolved by other means. Microsoft is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC).
Individuals whose personal data is protected by Japan's Act on the Protection of Personal Information should refer to the article on the
Japanese Personal Information Protection Commission’s website
(only published in Japanese) for more information on the commission’s review of certain countries’ personal data protection systems. For individuals in Japan, please click
here
for additional information on the processing of information under the Telecommunications Business Act (in Japanese only).
Back to top
Our retention of personal data
Microsoft retains personal data for as long as necessary to provide the products and fulfill the transactions you have requested, or for other legitimate purposes such as complying with our legal obligations, resolving disputes, and enforcing our agreements. Because these needs can vary for different data types, the context of our interactions with you or your use of products, actual retention periods can vary significantly.
Other criteria used to determine the retention periods include:
Do customers provide, create, or maintain the data with the expectation we will retain it until they affirmatively remove it?
Examples include a document you store in OneDrive, or an email message you keep in your Outlook.com inbox. In such cases, we would aim to maintain the data until you actively delete it, such as by moving an email from your Outlook.com inbox to the Deleted Items folder, and then emptying that folder (when your Deleted Items folder is emptied, those emptied items remain in our system for up to 30 days before final deletion). (Note that there may be other reasons why the data has to be deleted sooner, for example if you exceed limits on how much data can be stored in your account.)
Is there an automated control, such as in the Microsoft privacy dashboard, that enables the customer to access and delete the personal data at any time?
If there is not, a shortened data retention time will generally be adopted.
Is the personal data of a sensitive type?
If so, a shortened retention time would generally be adopted.
Has Microsoft adopted and announced a specific retention period for a certain data type?
For example, for Bing search queries, we de-identify stored queries by removing the entirety of the IP address after 6 months, and cookie IDs and other cross-session identifiers that are used to identify a particular account or device after 18 months.
Has the user provided consent for a longer retention period?
If so, we will retain data in accordance with your consent.
Is Microsoft subject to a legal, contractual, or similar obligation to retain or delete the data?
Examples can include mandatory data retention laws in the applicable jurisdiction, government orders to preserve data relevant to an investigation, or data retained for the purposes of litigation. Conversely, if we are required by law to remove unlawful content, we will do so.
Back to top
U.S. State Data Privacy
If you are a U.S. resident, we process your personal data in accordance with applicable U.S. state data privacy laws, including the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA). This section of our privacy statement contains information required by the CCPA and other U.S. state data privacy laws and supplements our privacy statement.
Please note that rules implementing some of these laws have not yet been finalized. We will update our processes, disclosures, and this notice as these implementing rules are finalized, and as otherwise necessary.
Please also see our
U.S. State Data Privacy Laws Notice
and our
Consumer Health Data Privacy Policy
for additional information about the data we collect, process, share and disclose, and your rights under applicable U.S. state data privacy laws.
Sale
. We do not sell your personal data. So, we do not offer an opt-out to the sale of personal data.
Profiling
.  We do not engage in “profiling” that utilizes your personal data for automated decision-making that produces legal or similarly significant effects.  So, we do not offer an opt-out for this type of profiling.
Share
. We may “share” your personal data, as defined under California and other applicable U.S. state laws, for personalized advertising purposes. As noted in our
Advertising
section, we do not deliver personalized advertising to children whose birthdate in their Microsoft account identifies them as under 18 years of age.
In the bulleted list below, we outline the categories of data we share for personalized advertising purposes, the recipients of the personal data, and our purposes of processing. For a description of the data included in each category, please see the
Personal data we collect
section.
Categories of Personal Data
Name and contact data
Recipients: Third parties that perform online advertising services for Microsoft or that use Microsoft’s advertising technologies
Purposes of Processing: To deliver personalized advertising based on your interests
Demographic data
Recipients: Third parties that perform online advertising services for Microsoft or that use Microsoft’s advertising technologies
Purposes of Processing: To deliver personalized advertising based on your interests
Subscription and licensing data
Recipients: Third parties that perform online advertising services for Microsoft or that use Microsoft’s advertising technologies
Purposes of Processing: To deliver personalized advertising based on your interests
Interactions
Recipients: Third parties that perform online advertising services for Microsoft or that use Microsoft’s advertising technologies
Purposes of Processing: To deliver personalized advertising based on your interests
Please see the
Advertising
section for more information about our advertising practices, and our
U.S. State Data Privacy Laws Notice
for more information on “sharing” for personalized advertising purposes under applicable U.S. state laws.
Rights.
You have the right to (i) know what personal data we collect, use, disclose, “share”, and sell, (ii) delete your personal data, (iii) correct your personal data, (iv) restrict the use and disclosure of your sensitive data, (v) receive a copy of your personal data, and (vi) opt-out of “sharing” your personal data with third parties for personalized advertising purposes on third party sites. You may make these requests yourself or through an authorized agent. If you use an authorized agent, we provide your agent with
detailed guidance
on how to exercise your privacy rights. Please see our
U.S. State Data Privacy Laws Notice
for additional information on how to exercise these rights.
Universal Opt-Outs.
Microsoft receives and responds to the Global Privacy Control (GPC) browser opt-out signal. Microsoft will turn off sharing your data with third parties for personalized ads if we receive a GPC signal from you when you visit our sites.
You may have additional rights related to your consumer health data as defined by applicable state consumer health privacy laws. Please see our
Consumer Health Data Privacy Policy
for information on the rights available under Washington State’s My Health My Data Act (MHMDA) and other applicable U.S. consumer health privacy laws.
If you have a Microsoft account, you can exercise your rights through the
Microsoft privacy dashboard
, which requires you to log in to your Microsoft account. If you have an additional request or questions after using the dashboard, you may contact Microsoft at the address in the
How to contact us
section, use our
web form
, or call our US toll free number +1 (844) 931 2038. If you do not have an account, you may exercise your rights by contacting us as described above. To further protect your personal data, we may ask for additional information, such as your country of residence, email address, and phone number to validate your identity and request before honoring the request.
You may indicate your choice to opt-out of the sharing of your personal data with third parties for personalized advertising on third party sites by visiting our
sharing opt-out page
. You can also control the personalized advertising you see on Microsoft properties by visiting our
opt-out page
.
We do not use or disclose your sensitive data for purposes other than those listed below, without your consent, or as permitted or required under applicable laws. So, we do not offer an ability to limit the use of sensitive data.
If you have made a request to Microsoft to know, delete, correct, or receive your personal information and believe your request was denied by Microsoft, you can exercise your right to appeal the results of your request by contacting our privacy support team via our web form. If your appeal is unsuccessful and depending upon the state where you live, you may have the right to raise a concern or lodge a complaint with your state attorney general.
You have a right not to receive discriminatory treatment if you exercise your privacy rights. We will not discriminate against you if you exercise your privacy rights.
Personal information processing
. In the bulleted list below, we outline the categories of personal data we collect, the sources of the personal data, our purposes of processing, and the categories of third-party recipients with whom we provide the personal data. For a description of the data included in each category, please see the
Personal data we collect
section. Please see the
Our retention of personal data
section for information on personal data retention criteria.
Categories of Personal Data
Name and contact data
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users and partners with whom we offer co-branded services
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide our products; respond to customer questions; help, secure, and troubleshoot; and marketing
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
Credentials
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users and organizations that represent users
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide our products; authentication and account access; and help, secure and troubleshoot
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
Demographic data
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users and purchases from data brokers
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide and personalize our products; product development; help, secure, and troubleshoot; and marketing
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
Payment data
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users and financial institutions
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Transact commerce; process transactions; fulfill orders; help, secure, and troubleshoot; and detect and prevent fraud
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
Subscription and licensing data
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users and organizations that represent users; third-party storefronts and platforms on which our products are purchased
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide, personalize, and activate our products; customer support; help, secure, and troubleshoot; marketing; and accounting
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
Interactions
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users including data Microsoft generates through those interactions
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide and personalize our products; product improvement; product development; marketing; and help, secure and troubleshoot
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
Content
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users and organizations that represent users
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide our products; safety; and help, secure, and troubleshoot
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
Video or recordings
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users and publicly available sources
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide our products; product improvement; product development; marketing; help, secure, and troubleshoot; and safety
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
Feedback and ratings
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide our products; product improvement; product development; customer support; and help, secure, and troubleshoot
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
While the bulleted list above contains the primary sources and purposes of processing for each category of personal data, we also collect personal data from the sources listed in the
Personal data we collect
section, such as developers who create experiences through or for Microsoft products. Similarly, we process all categories of personal data for the purposes described in the
How we use personal data
section, such as meeting our legal obligations, developing our workforce, and doing research.
Subject to your
privacy settings
, your consent, and depending on the products you use and your choices, we may collect, process, or disclose certain personal data that qualifies as “sensitive data” under applicable U.S. state data privacy laws. Sensitive data is a subset of personal data. In the list below, we outline the categories of sensitive data we collect, the sources of the sensitive data, our purposes of processing, and the categories of third party recipients with whom we share the sensitive data. Please see the
Personal data we collect
section for more information about the sensitive data we may collect.
Categories of Sensitive Data
Account log-in, financial account, debit or credit card number, and the means to access the account (security or access code, password, credentials, etc.)
Sources of sensitive data: Interactions with users and organizations that represent users
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide the product and fulfill requested financial transactions
Recipients: Service providers and payment processing providers
Precise geo-location information
Sources of sensitive data: Users’ interactions with the products
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide the service requested; product improvement; some attributes may be disclosed to third parties to provide the service
Recipients: Users and service providers (please see the
Windows Location Services and Recording
section of our privacy statement for more information)
Racial or ethnic origin, religious or philosophical beliefs, or union membership
Sources of sensitive data: Communications with users
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Conduct research studies to better understand how our products are used and perceived and for the purposes of improving the product experiences
Recipients: Service providers
Medical or mental health, sex life, or sexual orientation
Sources of sensitive data: Communications with users
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Conduct research studies to better understand how our products are used and perceived and for the purposes of improving the product experiences and accessibility
Recipients: Service providers
Contents of your mail, email, or text messages (where Microsoft is not the intended recipient of the communication)
Sources of sensitive data: Users’ interactions with the products
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide our products; improve the product experience; safety; and help, secure, and troubleshoot
Recipients: Service providers
Personal data collected from a known child under 13 years of age
Sources of sensitive data: Interactions with users and organizations that represent users
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide our products; product improvement; product development; recommendations; help, secure, and troubleshoot; and safety
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities (in accordance with your Microsoft Family Safety
settings
)
While the bulleted list above contains the primary sources and purposes of processing for personal data collected from children under 13, we also collect personal data from the sources listed in the
Collection of Data from Children
section.
We do not use or disclose your sensitive data for purposes other than the following:
Perform the services or provide the goods you reasonably expect
Help ensure the security and integrity of our services, systems, and data, to combat malicious deceptive, fraudulent or illegal acts, and to protect the physical safety of individuals, to the extent the processing is reasonably necessary and proportionate
For short-term transient use (including non-personalized advertising), so long as the personal data is not disclosed to a third party, is not used for profiling, and is not used to alter an individual’s experience outside the current interaction with Microsoft
Perform services on behalf of Microsoft, such as maintaining accounts, providing customer service, processing, or fulfilling orders/transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing financing, providing analytics, providing storage, and similar services
Undertake activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of, or improve, upgrade, or enhance a service or device owned or controlled by Microsoft
Collect or process sensitive data where the collection or processing is not for inferring characteristics about the individual
Any other activities in accordance with any future regulations that are issued pursuant to U.S. state data privacy laws
De-Identified Data
. In some situations, Microsoft may process de-identified data. Data is in this state when we are not able to link data to an individual to whom such data may relate without taking additional steps. In those instances, and unless allowed under applicable law, we will maintain such information in a de-identified state, and will not try to re-identify the individual to whom the de-identified data relates.
Disclosures of personal data for business or commercial purposes
. As indicated in the
Reasons we share personal data
section, we share personal data with third parties for various business and commercial purposes. The primary business and commercial purposes for which we share personal data are the purposes of processing listed in the table above. However, we share all categories of personal data for the business and commercial purposes in the
Reasons we share personal data
section.
Parties that control collection of personal data
. In certain situations, we may allow a third party to control the collection of your personal data. For example, third party applications or extensions that run on Windows or Edge browser may collect personal data based on their own practices.
Microsoft allows advertising companies to collect information about your interactions with our websites in order to deliver personalized ads on Microsoft’s behalf.  You can view
our third party ad partners
on the
U.S. State Data Privacy Laws Notice
, and opt-out of data sharing with third parties at our opt-out
page
.
Back to top
Advertising
Advertising allows us to provide, support, and improve some of our products. Microsoft does not use what you say in email, human-to-human chat, video calls or voice mail, or your documents, photos, or other personal files to target ads to you. We use other data, detailed below, for advertising on our Microsoft properties and on third-party properties. For example:
Microsoft may use data we collect to select and deliver some of the ads you see on Microsoft web properties, such as
Microsoft.com
, Microsoft Start, and Bing. We may also use such data to select and deliver ads on third party digital properties.
When the advertising ID is enabled in Windows as part of your privacy settings, third parties can access and use the advertising ID (much the same way that websites can access and use a unique identifier stored in a cookie) to select and deliver ads in such apps.
We may share data we collect with internal and external partners, such as Xandr, Yahoo, or Facebook (see below), so that the ads you see in our products and their products are more relevant and valuable to you.
Advertisers may choose to place our web beacons on their sites, or use similar technologies, in order to allow Microsoft to collect information on their sites such as activities, purchases, and visits; we use this data on behalf of our advertising customers to provide ads.
The ads that you see may be selected based on data we process about you, such as your interests and favorites, your location, your transactions, how you use our products, your search queries, or the content you view. For example, if you view content on Microsoft Start about automobiles, we may show advertisements about cars; if you search “pizza places in Seattle” on Bing, you may see advertisements in your search results for restaurants in Seattle.
The ads that you see may also be selected based on other information learned about you over time using demographic data, location data, search queries, interests and favorites, usage data from our products and sites, and the information we collect about you from the sites and apps of our advertisers and partners. We refer to these ads as "personalized advertising" in this statement. For example, if you view gaming content on
xbox.com
, you may see ads for games on Microsoft Start. To provide personalized advertising, we combine cookies placed on your device using information that we collect (such as IP address) when your browser interacts with our websites. If you opt out of receiving personalized advertising, data associated with these cookies will not be used.
We may use information about you to serve you with personalized advertising when you use Microsoft services. If you are logged in with your Microsoft account and have consented to allow Microsoft Edge to use your online activity for personalized advertising, you will see ads for products and services based on your online activity while using Microsoft Edge. To configure your privacy settings for Edge, go to Microsoft Edge > Settings > Privacy and Services. To configure your privacy and ad settings for your Microsoft account with respect to your online activity across browsers, including Microsoft Edge, or when visiting third-party websites or apps, go to your dashboard at
privacy.microsoft.com
.
Further details regarding our advertising-related uses of data include:
Advertising industry best practices and commitments
. Microsoft is a member of the
Network Advertising Initiative
(NAI) and adheres to the NAI Code of Conduct. We also adhere to the following self-regulatory programs:
In the US:
Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA)
In Europe:
European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA)
In Canada:
Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)
/
Choix de Pub: l'Alliance de la publicité numérique du Canada (DAAC)
Health-related ad targeting
. In the United States, we provide personalized advertising based on a limited number of standard, non-sensitive health-related interest categories, including allergies, arthritis, cholesterol, cold and flu, diabetes, gastrointestinal health, headache / migraine, healthy eating, healthy heart, men’s health, oral health, osteoporosis, skin health, sleep, and vision / eye care. We will also personalize ads based on custom, non-sensitive health-related interest categories as requested by advertisers.
Children and advertising
. We do not deliver personalized advertising to children whose birthdate in their Microsoft account identifies them as under 18 years of age.
Data retention
. For personalized advertising, we retain data for no more than 13 months, unless we obtain your consent to retain the data longer.
Sensitive Data
. Microsoft Advertising does not collect, process, or disclose personal data that qualifies as “sensitive data” under applicable U.S. state data privacy laws for the purposes of providing personalized advertising.
Data sharing
. In some cases, we share with advertisers reports about the data we have collected on their sites or ads.
Data collected by other advertising companies
. Advertisers sometimes include their own web beacons (or those of their other advertising partners) within their advertisements that we display, enabling them to set and read their own cookie. Additionally, Microsoft partners with
Xandr
, a Microsoft company, and third-party ad companies to help provide some of our advertising services, and we also allow other third-party ad companies to display advertisements on our sites. These third parties may place cookies on your computer and collect data about your online activities across websites or online services. These companies currently include, but are not limited to:
Facebook
,
Media.ne
t
,
Outb
rain
,
Taboola
and
Yah
oo
. Select any of the preceding links to find more information on each company's practices, including the choices it offers. Many of these companies are also members of the
NAI
or
DAA
, which each provide a simple way to opt out of ad targeting from participating companies.
To opt out of receiving personalized advertising from Microsoft, visit our
opt-out
page. When you opt out, your preference is stored in a cookie that is specific to the web browser you are using. The opt-out cookie has an expiration date of five years. If you delete the cookies on your device, you need to opt out again.
Back to top
Speech recognition technologies
Speech recognition technologies are integrated into many Microsoft products and services. Microsoft provides both device-based speech recognition features and cloud-based (online) speech recognition features. Microsoft’s speech recognition technology transcribes voice data into text. With your permission, Microsoft employees and vendors working on behalf of Microsoft, will be able to review snippets of your voice data or voice clips in order to build and improve our speech recognition technologies. These improvements allow us to build better voice-enabled capabilities that benefit users across all our consumer and enterprise products and services. Prior to employee or vendor review of voice data, we protect users’ privacy by taking steps to de-identify the data, requiring non-disclosure agreements with relevant vendors and their employees, and requiring that employees and vendors meet high privacy standards.
Learn more about Microsoft and your voice data
.
Back to top
Preview or free-of-charge releases
Microsoft offers preview, insider, beta or other free-of-charge products and features ("previews") to enable you to evaluate them while providing Microsoft with data about your use of the product, including feedback and device and usage data. As a result, previews can automatically collect additional data, provide fewer controls, and otherwise employ different privacy and security measures than those typically present in our products. If you participate in previews, we may contact you about your feedback or your interest in continuing to use the product after general release.
Back to top
Changes to this privacy statement
We update this privacy statement when necessary to provide greater transparency or in response to:
Feedback from customer, regulators, industry, or other stakeholders.
Changes in our products.
Changes in our data processing activities or policies.
When we post changes to this statement, we will revise the "last updated" date at the top of the statement and describe the changes on the
Change history
page. If there are material changes to the statement, such as a change to the purposes of processing of personal data that is not consistent with the purpose for which it was originally collected, we will notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes before they take effect or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to periodically review this privacy statement to learn how Microsoft is protecting your information.
Back to top
How to contact us
If you have a privacy concern, complaint, or question for the Microsoft Chief Privacy Officer or the Data Protection Officer for your region, please contact us by using our
web form
. We will respond to questions or concerns as required by law and within a period no longer than 30 days. You can also raise a concern or lodge a complaint with a data protection authority or other official with jurisdiction.
When Microsoft is a controller, unless otherwise stated, Microsoft Corporation and, for those in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland, Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited are the data controllers for personal data we collect through the products subject to this statement. Our addresses are:
Microsoft Privacy, Microsoft Corporation, One Microsoft Way, Redmond, Washington 98052, USA. Telephone: +1 (425) 882 8080.
Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited, Attn: Data Protection Officer, One Microsoft Place, South County Business Park, Leopardstown, Dublin 18, Ireland. Telephone: +353 1 706 3117.
To find the Microsoft subsidiary in your country or region, see the list of
Microsoft office locations around the world
.
The representative of Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited within the meaning of Art. 14 of the Swiss Federal Act on Data Protection is Microsoft Schweiz GmbH, The Circle 02, 8058 Zürich-Flughafen, Switzerland.
If you would like to exercise your rights under applicable U.S. state data privacy law, you may contact Microsoft at the U.S. address listed above, use our
web form
, or call our U.S. toll free number +1 (844) 931 2038.
If you are a resident of Canada and its provinces you may contact the Microsoft Data Protection Officer for Canada at Microsoft Canada Head Office, 4400-81 Bay St, Toronto, ON, M5J 0E7, at +1 (416) 349 2506, or by using our
web form
.
Where French law applies, you can also send us specific instructions regarding the use of your personal data after your death, by using our
web form
.
If you have a technical or support question, please visit
Microsoft Support
to learn more about Microsoft Support offerings. If you have a personal Microsoft account password question, please visit
Microsoft account support
.
We offer various means for you to control your personal data that Microsoft has obtained, and to exercise your data protection rights. You can do so by contacting Microsoft at our
web form
or the information above, or by using the various tools we provide. Please see the
How to access and control your personal data
section for additional details.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Artificial Intelligence and Microsoft Copilot capabilities
Microsoft leverages the power of artificial intelligence (AI) in many of our products and services, including by incorporating generative AI features such as Microsoft Copilot capabilities. Microsoft’s deployment and use of AI is subject to Microsoft’s
AI Principles
and Microsoft’s
Responsible AI Standard
, and Microsoft’s collection and use of personal data in developing and deploying AI features is consistent with commitments outlined in this privacy statement. Product-specific details provide additional relevant information. You can find out more about how Microsoft uses AI
here
.
Microsoft Copilot capabilities.
Microsoft Copilot
is Microsoft’s everyday AI companion, and is designed to help you achieve more through a single experience that runs across devices, understanding relevant context on the web, on your PC, and across apps to bring you the right skills at the right time. With the help of Copilot, users can start a draft of a new Word document; or generate a PowerPoint presentation when accessing Copilot in M365 apps, quickly find the answers to complex search queries online, find relevant documents or other personal content, or be inspired to create new songs, stories, images, or other content, among other tasks. Copilot is a family of services, and Microsoft’s collection and use of data may differ depending on the service and the intended functionality in a given scenario.
The Copilot
website
and app (available on iOS and Android) is the core of the consumer Copilot experience. Within this core experience, users can search the web, create text, images, songs, or other outputs, or engage with other features, such as plugins. On the website and in the app, users enter “prompts” that provide instructions to Copilot (e.g., “Give me recommendations for a restaurant that accommodates parties of 10 near me”). In order to provide a relevant response, Copilot will use this prompt, along with the user’s location, language, and similar settings, to formulate a helpful response. In some markets, authenticated users can choose to allow Copilot to have access to prior prompt history to better personalize the product. The consumer Copilot product uses the data collected to provide and improve the Copilot services, including to provide relevant advertising. Users who are signed-in to their account can manage their prompt history in product and on the Microsoft Privacy Dashboard, and can adjust their location, language, and other settings in the product.
Copilot also appears as an assistant within other Microsoft consumer products, such as Bing and Microsoft Edge. In those situations, data processing activities generally align with those products’ primary uses. For example, Copilot in Bing’s use and collection of personal data is consistent with Bing’s core web search offering as described in the Search and Browse section of this privacy statement. More information about Copilot in Bing is available at
Copilot in Bing: Our approach to Responsible AI
. In Microsoft Edge, Copilot appears in the sidebar experience and can help the user complete tasks related to the webpages they visit (e.g., “summarize this page”). This data is used consistent with the Microsoft Edge section of this privacy statement.
Copilot Pro
is another consumer Copilot offering, and offers subscribers priority access to the very latest models, improved image creation abilities, and access to Copilot in Microsoft Word, PowerPoint, OneNote, Excel, and Outlook. The main Copilot Pro website and app has similar data collection, use, and controls as consumer Copilot, as described above. Similar Copilot functionality is also included in Microsoft 365 Family and Microsoft 365 Personal subscriptions. When Copilot is integrated with Microsoft 365 products, Copilot data collection is consistent with how data collection and use is described in the Productivity and Communications section of this privacy statement.
There are also Copilot offerings designed for enterprise users. When enabled by an eligible enterprise, users logged in with their Entra ID who want to access consumer Copilot services are offered Copilot with Commercial Data Protection, which minimizes data collection and use consistent with the expectations of enterprise users. More information on Copilot with Commercial Data Protection is available
here
.
Microsoft 365 Copilot, available for Microsoft 365 enterprise offerings, provides enterprise-grade data protection along with access to the corporate graph, Copilot within Microsoft 365 and Teams, and additional customization features. Data collection and use in Microsoft 365 Copilot is consistent with the practices described in the Enterprise and Developer Products section of this privacy statement.
Back to top
Enterprise and developer products
Enterprise and Developer Products are Microsoft products and related software offered to and designed primarily for use by organizations and developers. They include:
Cloud services, referred to as Online Services in the Product Terms, such as Microsoft 365 and Office 365, Microsoft Azure, Microsoft Dynamics365, and Microsoft Intune for which an organization (our customer) contracts with Microsoft for the services (“Enterprise Online Services”).
Other enterprise and developer tools and cloud-based services, such as Azure PlayFab Services (to learn more see
Azure PlayFab Terms of Service
).
Server, developer, and hybrid cloud platform products, such as Windows Server, SQL Server, Visual Studio, System Center, Azure Stack and open source software like Bot Framework solutions (“Enterprise and Developer Software”).
Appliances and hardware used for storage infrastructure, such as StorSimple (“Enterprise Appliances”).
Professional services referred to in the Product Terms that are available with Enterprise Online Services, such as onboarding services, data migration services, data science services, or services to supplement existing features in the Enterprise Online Services.
In the event of a conflict between this Microsoft privacy statement and the terms of any agreement(s) between a customer and Microsoft for Enterprise and Developer Products, the terms of those agreement(s) will control.
You can also learn more about our Enterprise and Developer Products’ features and settings, including choices that impact your privacy or your end users’ privacy, in product documentation.
If any of the terms below are not defined in this Privacy Statement or the
Product Terms
, they have the definitions below.
General
. When a customer tries, purchases, uses, or subscribes to Enterprise and Developer Products, or obtains support for or professional services with such products, Microsoft receives data from you and collects and generates data to provide the service (including improving, securing, and updating the service), conduct our business operations, and communicate with the customer. For example:
When a customer engages with a Microsoft sales representative, we collect the customer’s name and contact data, along with information about the customer’s organization, to support that engagement.
When a customer interacts with a Microsoft support professional, we collect device and usage data or error reports to diagnose and resolve problems.
When a customer pays for products, we collect contact and payment data to process the payment.
When Microsoft sends communications to a customer, we use data to personalize the content of the communication.
When a customer engages with Microsoft for professional services, we collect the name and contact data of the customer’s designated point of contact and use information provided by the customer to perform the services that the customer has requested.
The Enterprise and Developer Products enable you to purchase, subscribe to, or use other products and online services from Microsoft or third parties with different privacy practices, and those other products and online services are governed by their respective privacy statements and policies.
Enterprise and Developer Products are Microsoft products and related software offered to and designed primarily for use by organizations and developers. They include:
Cloud services, referred to as Online Services in the Product Terms, such as Microsoft 365 and Office 365, Microsoft Azure, Microsoft Dynamics365, and Microsoft Intune for which an organization (our customer) contracts with Microsoft for the services (“Enterprise Online Services”).
Other enterprise and developer tools and cloud-based services, such as Azure PlayFab Services (to learn more see
Azure PlayFab Terms of Service
).
Server, developer, and hybrid cloud platform products, such as Windows Server, SQL Server, Visual Studio, System Center, Azure Stack and open source software like Bot Framework solutions (“Enterprise and Developer Software”).
Appliances and hardware used for storage infrastructure, such as StorSimple (“Enterprise Appliances”).
Professional services referred to in the Product Terms that are available with Enterprise Online Services, such as onboarding services, data migration services, data science services, or services to supplement existing features in the Enterprise Online Services.
In the event of a conflict between this Microsoft privacy statement and the terms of any agreement(s) between a customer and Microsoft for Enterprise and Developer Products, the terms of those agreement(s) will control.
You can also learn more about our Enterprise and Developer Products’ features and settings, including choices that impact your privacy or your end users’ privacy, in product documentation.
If any of the terms below are not defined in this Privacy Statement or the
Product Terms
, they have the definitions below.
General
. When a customer tries, purchases, uses, or subscribes to Enterprise and Developer Products, or obtains support for or professional services with such products, Microsoft receives data from you and collects and generates data to provide the service (including improving, securing, and updating the service), conduct our business operations, and communicate with the customer. For example:
When a customer engages with a Microsoft sales representative, we collect the customer’s name and contact data, along with information about the customer’s organization, to support that engagement.
When a customer interacts with a Microsoft support professional, we collect device and usage data or error reports to diagnose and resolve problems.
When a customer pays for products, we collect contact and payment data to process the payment.
When Microsoft sends communications to a customer, we use data to personalize the content of the communication.
When a customer engages with Microsoft for professional services, we collect the name and contact data of the customer’s designated point of contact and use information provided by the customer to perform the services that the customer has requested.
The Enterprise and Developer Products enable you to purchase, subscribe to, or use other products and online services from Microsoft or third parties with different privacy practices, and those other products and online services are governed by their respective privacy statements and policies.
Enterprise online services
To provide the Enterprise Online Services, Microsoft uses data you provide (including Customer Data, Personal Data, Administrator Data, Payment Data, and Support Data) and data Microsoft collects or generates associated with your use of the Enterprise Online Services. We process data as described in the
Product Terms
,
Microsoft Products and Services Data Protection Addendum (Products and Services DPA),
and the
Microsoft Trust Center
.
Personal Data
. Customer is the controller of Personal Data and Microsoft is the processor of such data, except when (a) Customer acts as a processor of Personal Data, in which case Microsoft is a subprocessor or (b) as stated otherwise in the standard
Products and Services DPA
. In addition, as provided in the standard
Products and Services DPA
, Microsoft has taken on the added responsibilities of a data controller under GDPR when processing Personal Data in connection with its business operations incident to providing its services to Microsoft’s commercial customers, such as billing and account management; compensation; internal reporting and business modeling; and financial reporting. We use Personal Data in the least identifiable form that will support processing necessary for these business operations. We rely on statistical data and aggregate pseudonymized Personal Data before using it for our business operations, removing the ability to identify specific individuals.
Administrator Data
. Administrator Data is the information provided to Microsoft during sign-up, purchase, or administration of Enterprise Online Services. We use Administrator Data to provide the Enterprise Online Services, complete transactions, service the account, detect and prevent fraud, and comply with our legal obligations. Administrator Data includes the name, address, phone number, and email address you provide, as well as aggregated usage data related to your account, such as the controls you select. Administrator Data also includes contact information of your colleagues and friends if you agree to provide it to Microsoft for the limited purpose of sending them an invitation to use the Enterprise Online Services; we contact those individuals with communications that include information about you, such as your name and profile photo.
As needed, we use Administrator Data to contact you to provide information about your account, subscriptions, billing, and updates to the Enterprise Online Services, including information about new features, security, or other technical issues. We also contact you regarding third-party inquiries we receive regarding use of the Enterprise Online Services, as described in your agreement. You cannot unsubscribe from these non-promotional communications. We may also contact you regarding information and offers about other products and services, or share your contact information with Microsoft's partners. When such a partner has specific services or solutions to meet your needs, or to optimize your use of the Enterprise Online Services, we may share limited, aggregated information about your organization’s account with the partner. Microsoft will not share your confidential information or contact information with the authorized partner unless we have sufficient rights to do so. You can manage your contact preferences or update your information in your account profile.
Payment Data
. We use payment data to complete transactions, as well as to detect and prevent fraud.
Support Data
. Customers provide or authorize Microsoft to collect data in connection with obtaining technical support for the Enterprise Online Services. We process Support Data to provide technical support and as described in the
Products and Services DPA
.
Local Software and Diagnostic Data
. Some Online Services may require, or may be enhanced by, the installation of local software (e.g., agents, device management applications). The local software may collect Diagnostic Data (as defined in the
Products and Services DPA
) about the use and performance of that software. That data may be transmitted to Microsoft and used for the purposes described in the
Products and Services DPA
.
Bing Search Services Data
. Bing Search Services, as defined in the Product Terms, use data such as search queries as described in the
Bing
section of this privacy statement.
Back to top
Enterprise and developer software and enterprise appliances
Enterprise and developer software and enterprise appliances collect data to operate effectively and provide you the best experiences. The data we collect depends on the features you use, as well as your configuration and settings, but it is generally limited to device and usage data. Customers have choices about the data they provide. Here are examples of the data we collect:
During installation or when you upgrade an enterprise and developer software, we may collect device and usage data to learn whether you experience any difficulties.
When you use enterprise software or enterprise appliances, we may collect device and usage data to learn about your operating environment to improve security features.
When you experience a crash using enterprise software or enterprise appliances, you may choose to send Microsoft an error report to help us diagnose the problem and deliver customer support.
Microsoft uses the data we collect from enterprise and developer software and enterprise appliances to provide and improve our products, to deliver customer support, to activate the product, to communicate with you, and to operate our business.
Microsoft SQL Server is a relational database management platform and includes products that can be installed separately (such as SQL Server Management Studio). For detailed information about what data we collect, how we use it, and how to manage your privacy options, visit the
SQL Server privacy page
. If you work in an organization, your administrator can set certain telemetry settings in SQL Server via Group Policy.
HoloLens
. HoloLens headsets are self-contained Windows computers with Wi-Fi connectivity that enable a mixed reality experience for apps and solutions. Microsoft collects diagnostic data to solve problems and to keep Windows running on HoloLens up to date, secure, and operating properly. Diagnostic data also helps us improve HoloLens and related Microsoft products and services depending on the diagnostic data settings you’ve chosen for your device.
Learn more about Windows diagnostic data
.
HoloLens also processes and collects data related to the HoloLens experience and device, which include cameras, microphones, and infrared sensors that enable motions and voice to navigate.
If you choose, cameras can be used to sign you in automatically using your iris. To do this, HoloLens takes an image of your iris and measures distances between key points to create and store a numeric value that represents only you. This data stays on the HoloLens and is not shared with anyone, and you can choose to delete this data from your HoloLens at any time.
HoloLens also detects hand gestures intended for system interactions (such as menu navigation, pan/zoom, and scroll). This data is processed on your HoloLens device and is not stored.
HoloLens derives tracking points based on your environment which allows it to understand surfaces in space and allows you to place digital assets on them. There are no images associated with this environmental data and it is stored locally on the HoloLens device. You can choose to delete this data from your HoloLens at any time.
The headset's microphones enable voice commands for navigation, controlling apps, or to enter search terms.
Learn more about voice data collection
.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Productivity and communications products
Productivity and communications products are applications, software, and services you can use to create, store, and share documents, as well as communicate with others.
Productivity and communications products are applications, software, and services you can use to create, store, and share documents, as well as communicate with others.
Microsoft 365, Office, and other productivity apps
Microsoft 365, previous versions called Office 365, is a collection of subscription productivity services and applications including Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, and OneNote, among others. Office is the one-time purchase version of these applications available on PC or Mac and includes Access and Publisher. Both Microsoft 365 and Office are comprised of client software applications and connected online services (or web apps in the case of Microsoft 365 for the web) that span many platforms and have numerous interdependent experiences. For more details about Outlook, see the
Outlook
section of this privacy statement.
Various cloud-based Microsoft 365 services enable you to use your file content for designs and recommendations, collaborate with others within your documents, and provide you functionality from other Microsoft products, such as Bing, and third-party connected products. If you work in an organization, your administrator may turn off or disable these connected services. You can access the privacy controls within your Microsoft 365 and Office apps. For more information, see
Account Privacy Settings
.
Office Roaming Service
. The Office Roaming Service helps keep your settings, including your privacy settings, up to date across your devices running Microsoft 365 or Office apps. When you sign in to your apps with either your Microsoft account or an account issued by your organization, the service syncs some of your customized settings to Microsoft servers. For example, the service syncs a list of most recently used documents or the last location viewed within a document. When you sign in to another device with the same account, the Office Roaming Service downloads your settings from Microsoft servers and applies them to the additional device. When you sign out of your apps, the service removes your settings from your device. Any changes you make to your customized settings are sent to Microsoft servers.
Updates from Microsoft
. Microsoft uses services such as Click-to-Run, Microsoft AutoUpdate (for Mac), or Microsoft Update (for some versions of Office) to provide you with security and other important updates.
These services can automatically detect the availability of online updates for Microsoft 365 or Office apps on your device and download and install them automatically.
Diagnostic Data
. Diagnostic data is used to (i) keep your Microsoft 365 or Office apps secure and up to date; (ii) detect, diagnose, and remediate problems; and (iii) make product improvements. This data does not include a user’s name or email address, the content of the user’s files, or information about apps unrelated to Microsoft 365 or Office. Users have a choice between two different levels of diagnostic data collection, Required and Optional.
Required
. The minimum data necessary to help keep apps secure, up to date, and performing as expected on the device it’s installed on.
Optional
. Additional data that helps us make product improvements and provides enhanced information to help us detect, diagnose, and remediate issues.
See
Diagnostic Data
for more information.
Connected Experiences
. Microsoft 365 continues to provide more experiences in client applications that are connected to and backed by cloud-based services. A subset of these connected experiences is also available in Office. If you choose to use connected experiences, required service data will be collected to help keep these connected experiences reliable, up to date, secure, and performing as expected. See below for additional information about required service data.
Working with others on a document stored on OneDrive or translating the contents of a Word document into a different language are examples of connected experiences. There are two types of connected experiences.
Experiences that analyze your content
. Experiences that use your file content to provide you with design recommendations, editing suggestions, data insights, and similar features. For example, PowerPoint Designer or Editor in Word.
Experiences that download online content
. Experiences that allow you to search and download online content including templates, images, 3D models, videos, and reference materials to enhance your documents. For example, templates or PowerPoint QuickStarter.
You can access the privacy controls within your Microsoft 365 and Office client apps. These privacy settings allow you to configure your connected experiences. For example, you can choose to enable connected experiences that download online content, but not connected experiences that analyze content. Turning off connected experiences will also turn off additional experiences, such as document co-authoring and online file storage. But even if you use this privacy setting to turn off connected experiences, certain functionality will remain available, such as syncing your mailbox in Outlook, as well as essential services described below. These controls are not available when using Microsoft 365 for the web, since you will already be cloud-connected. For more information about accessing these controls, see
Account Privacy Settings.
If you choose to disable certain types of connected experiences, either the ribbon or menu command for those connected experiences will be grayed out or you will get an error message when you try to use those connected experiences.
Essential services
. There are a set of services that are essential to how Microsoft 365 and Office functions and cannot be disabled. For example, the licensing service that confirms that you are properly licensed to use Microsoft 365 is essential. Required service data about these services is collected and sent to Microsoft, regardless of any other settings that you have configured. See
Essential Services
for more information.
Required service data for connected experiences
. As you use a connected experience, data is sent to and processed by Microsoft to provide you that connected experience. This data is necessary because this information enables us to deliver these cloud-based connected experiences. We refer to this data as required service data.
Required service data can include information related to the operation of the connected experience that is needed to keep the underlying service secure, up to date, and performing as expected. If you choose to use a connected experience that analyzes your content, for example Translate in Word, the text you typed and selected to translate is also sent and processed to provide you the connected experience. Your text and the translation are not stored by our service. Required service data can also include information needed by a connected experience to perform its task, such as configuration information about the Microsoft 365 or Office app.
See
Required service data
for more information.
Copilot in Microsoft 365 and Copilot Pro
. Available as a separate subscription service in select countries, the Copilot features that appear in Microsoft 365 apps as part of a Microsoft 365 Personal, Microsoft 365 Family, or Copilot Pro subscription provide AI-powered productivity capabilities through real-time conversational experiences by applying large language model (LLM) processing on the content you choose to provide in Microsoft 365 apps including Word, Excel, OneNote, Outlook, and PowerPoint. Copilot in Microsoft 365 and Copilot Pro are not available for use in Office desktop licenses. When used with available Microsoft 365 apps, Copilot will use the content in your files only when you ask it to perform a specific action on that specific content - for example, when you ask Copilot to help you rewrite a paragraph in a Word document or ask Copilot to generate a to-do list from your notes in OneNote. Similar to connected experiences, required service data is collected during your use of Copilot that includes information related to its operation that is needed to keep the underlying service secure, up to date, and performing as expected.
See
Copilot Pro: Microsoft 365 apps and your privacy
and
Frequently asked questions about Copilot in Microsoft 365 Family and Personal subscriptions
for more information.
Other Productivity Apps
. Microsoft provides several productivity apps separate from Microsoft 365 and Office, including Whiteboard (a free form digital canvas using touch, type, and pen), To Do (a cloud-based task management app), and Sticky Notes (a desktop notes app).
The apps use various cloud-based services to provide you with functionality from other Microsoft products, such as providing images from Bing in Whiteboard, recommending suggested tasks to add to My Day in To Do, and taking advantage of Sticky Notes' integration with Outlook.
Using device capabilities
. Some Microsoft 365 applications make use of your device capabilities using certain features. In PowerPoint, the presentation recording feature can access your device microphone and camera to record presentations with audio and video. Your device microphone is also accessed via the Record audio feature and when using Speaker Coach. As you speak, Speaker Coach gives you on-screen guidance about pacing, inclusive language, use of profanity, filler words, and whether you’re reading the slide text. When creating a PowerPoint presentation, you can also use the Screenshot and Screen clipping features to capture screen contents. Some Microsoft 365 applications, PowerPoint, Word, and OneNote, provide Dictate, a connected experience which lets you use speech-to-text to author content using your microphone. In Word and OneNote, the Transcribe connected experience converts speech recorded directly in the app using your microphone or using a speech audio recording to a text transcript with each speaker individually separated. OneNote can insert photos or record video using your camera. All Microsoft 365 apps along with To Do and Whiteboard have sharing functionality that accesses your contacts to allow you to share your documents with others in your contacts list. Applications will not access your device capabilities until you begin using the feature.
You can manage your microphone and camera access settings in the Windows Privacy Settings menu. Go to
Start > Settings > Privacy or Privacy & Security
. To learn more about how to control your privacy settings in apps, see
Windows privacy settings that apps use
.
Back to top
Microsoft Family
This section applies to the Microsoft Family Safety M365 product, which allows a family group to connect through the Microsoft Family Safety app on their Windows, Xbox, or mobile devices. Please carefully review the information at
Microsoft Family Safety
if choosing to create or join a family group.
Microsoft Family Safety can help parents and guardians to create a safer environment for their family group with digital content filtering, screen time limits, spending for Microsoft and Xbox stores, setting age ratings for apps and games, and location sharing. To learn about how Microsoft collects and uses children’s data, see the
Collection of data from children section
of the Privacy Statement. If you are using Microsoft Family Safety in Windows, see the
Windows security and safety features section
of the Privacy Statement for additional information.
To enable Family Safety controls on a child account, the child account must be part of a family group. Accounts that require parental consent to be created are automatically included as part of the family group of the individual who consented to the child account’s creation. For accounts that do not require parental consent to be created, the parent or guardian must add the account to their family group in order to use Family Safety controls.
When you have enabled family activity reporting for a child, Microsoft will collect details about how the child uses their devices, such as search, web, app, and game activity, and provide parents with reports of that child's online activities. Activity reports are routinely deleted from Microsoft servers.
Certain Family Safety features, such as Location Sharing, Drive Safety, Share Drives, Places, and Location Alerts will use your location information when enabled. When you have enabled Location Sharing, for instance, your device will upload location data to the cloud and share it with others in your family group. Microsoft retains only your last known location as part of the Location Sharing feature (each new location replaces the previous one). When you enable Drive Safety, your location will be used to record your drive habits such as whether you are driving within the speed limits, if you’re using your phone while driving, and if you accelerate or brake suddenly. These reports will be uploaded to the cloud, and you can choose to share your drive reports with your family group. You can turn off these location features at any time in the Family Safety settings. You can manage your device’s location data at the Microsoft Privacy Dashboard. Learn more about
Family Safety and your location data
.
Back to top
Microsoft Launcher
Microsoft Launcher is an Android app that offers a highly customizable app launcher experience on Android devices.
Microsoft Launcher lets you log in with your personal Microsoft account or work account, or use it without any account. However, some functions may be limited if you do not grant certain permissions.
To use Microsoft Launcher, the application must be installed on your Android device, and optional permissions are required to enable the following features:
Microsoft Copilot
. When signed in with your personal Microsoft account, you can seamlessly use Copilot features like chat, web search, voice search, and image search. Certain Copilot features require access to your device capabilities, such as your device camera, microphone, photos, and videos. Please see our Artificial Intelligence and Copilot capabilities section for more information. Learn more about Copilot terms of use
here
.
Glance Feed
. Glance helps you organize daily activities, such as Outlook calendar, To Do list, Sticky Notes, and recent documents in your M365 apps. After signing-in with your personal Microsoft account or your work account, the data will be synced across devices signed into the same account to give you personalized experiences. It also enables you to review recent activities, like recent photos and app usage, which require permissions to access device photos, files, and app usage data.
News Feed
. When you sign in with your Microsoft account, you can enjoy a personalized news feed and advertisements in Launcher’s News Feed, synchronized across all your devices. You can also receive local curated news when you grant Microsoft Launcher permission to access your location information. You can manage your ad preferences through the Microsoft privacy dashboard to tailor your experience.
Weather Notifications
. Microsoft Launcher allows you to receive the latest and most important weather changes on your home screen with MSN Weather. You can receive up-to-date local weather information when you allow Launcher to access your location or provide your zip code.
Backup and Restore
: Easily transfer between phones or try different home screen setups with Microsoft Launcher's backup and restore feature. Backups can be stored locally on your device or saved to your OneDrive account associated with your Microsoft Account for easy access.
Microsoft Launcher supports Android work profile features, enabling you to maintain a clear boundary between personal and work data on your device. This means you can securely access work resources without mixing them with your personal apps and data.
To learn more about Microsoft Launcher and its supported features, please visit
here
.
Back to top
Microsoft Teams
This section applies to the consumer offering of Teams; if you are using Teams with a school or work account, see the
Enterprise and developer products
of this privacy statement.
Teams is an all-in-one collaboration and communication hub. Teams lets you stay organised and connected across your entire life. Teams allows you to call people with voice or video calling. Teams allows you to easily find people, files, photos, conversations, tasks, and calendars in one convenient and secure place. Teams allows you to store confidential information like passwords, rewards numbers, or login information and share it with others within Teams. With your consent, you can share your location with friends and family.
As part of providing these features, Microsoft collects data about the usage of the features as well as information about your communications, including the time and date of the communication and users that are part of the communication. Microsoft may share this information with Enterprise customers when you interact through meetings and chats with end users who are using their school or work account. For instance, if you engage in a Teams chat with a user who is using Teams associated with their school account, Microsoft may share your information with that user's school as part of providing the Teams service.
Compatibility with Skype
. As a Teams user, you can also log into Skype using your Teams account. If you log into Skype via your Teams credentials, you can use Skype to chat with and call other Skype and Teams users, and you can access your Teams chat history through Skype. Skype users will be able to contact you on Teams and see your Teams presence status. For more information about Skype, see the
Skype section
of this privacy statement.
Finding Teams and Skype Contacts
. Your Teams profile includes information you provided when you set up a Microsoft account. To enable other people to find you on Teams (or products that interact with Teams for personal use, including Teams for enterprise and Skype), your Teams profile is included in the Teams and Skype public search directories, and may be displayed on Skype and Teams. Depending on your settings, Skype and Teams users can find you by your name, email, and/or phone number. Your profile includes your username, avatar, and any other data you choose to add to your profile or display to others. Your Teams profile may be visible to Enterprise customers and their end users when you engage with an end user of an organization in chats and meetings.
Teams contacts
. With your permission, Teams will sync your device, Outlook, and Skype contacts periodically and check for other Teams users that match contacts in your device, Outlook, or Skype address books. You are always in control of your contacts and can stop syncing at any time. If you choose to stop syncing your device, Outlook, or Skype contacts, or you are inactive on your device, any contacts that have not been matched during the synchronization process will be deleted from Teams. If you wish to invite any of your device, Outlook, or Skype contacts to join a conversation, you can invite users to a 1:1 directly, or Microsoft can send an invitation on your behalf via SMS or email for invitations to group conversations. You can block users if you do not want to receive their communications; additionally, you can report a concern to Microsoft.
Notice to non-user contacts.
If your information appears in the device, Outlook, or Skype address books of a Teams user who chooses to sync their device, Outlook, or Skype contacts with their Teams contacts, Microsoft may process your data in order to determine whether you are a current Teams user and to allow Teams users to invite you to the service, including via SMS and email. As long as the Teams user continues to be active on Teams on their device and continues to enable contact syncing with the applicable device or service, your information will be stored on our servers, and we will periodically process your information as a part of the Teams user’s contact syncing experience to check whether you have subsequently joined Teams.
Learn more about how we process your information in connection with the contact syncing feature offered to Teams users
.
If you do choose to join Teams, you will appear as a suggested new Teams contact for any Teams or Skype users with your information in their device, Outlook, or Skype address books. As a Teams user, you will be able to block other Teams and Skype users if you do not want to receive their communications; additionally, you can report a concern to Microsoft.
Third-party contacts.
You can also choose to sync contacts from third-party providers. If you choose to unsync your third-party contacts on Teams, all third-party contacts are deleted from Teams. If you gave your consent to use those third-party contacts on other Microsoft apps and services, these contacts will still be available to those other Microsoft apps and services.
You can remove third-party contacts from all Microsoft apps and services by removing third-party accounts from Teams. Please note that removing a third-party account from Teams may impact your experiences on other Microsoft apps and services that also use that third-party account.
Teams calendar.
You can also choose to sync your Teams calendar with calendars from third-party providers. You can stop syncing your Teams calendar anytime by removing a third-party account from Teams. If you have consented to use third-party data on other Microsoft apps and services, please note that removing this third-party account data in Teams may impact your experiences on other Microsoft apps and services.
Location sharing
. You can share your static or live location with individuals or groups within Teams. You are in control and can stop sharing at any time. Sharing location for children is permitted with parental consent and in groups where an adult from the Microsoft family group is present.
Push notifications
. To let you know of incoming calls, chats, and other messages, Teams uses the notification service on your device. For many devices, these services are provided by another company. To tell you who is calling, for example, or to give you the first few words of the new chat, Teams has to tell the notification service so that they can provide the notification to you. The company providing the notification service on your device will use this information in accordance with their own terms and privacy policy. Microsoft is not responsible for the data collected by the company providing the notification service.
If you do not want to use the notification services for incoming Teams calls and messages, turn it off in the settings found on your device.
Chats and meetings with Enterprise customer end users
. Many Microsoft products are intended for use by organizations, such as schools and businesses, as well as individual users. Please see the
Enterprise and developer products section
of this privacy statement if you are using Teams with a work or school account. If you engage in Teams meetings or chats with end users of organizations, the data you share with the end users is subject to their organization’s policies, if any. You should direct your privacy inquiries related to your data shared through chats and meetings with an organization’s end users, including any requests to exercise your data protection rights, to the organization’s administrator. Microsoft is not responsible for the privacy or security practices of our customers, which may differ from those set forth in this privacy statement.
Back to top
OneDrive
OneDrive lets you store and access your files on virtually any device. You can also share and collaborate on your files with others. Some versions of the OneDrive application enable you to access both your personal OneDrive by signing in with your personal Microsoft account and your OneDrive for Business by signing in with your work or school Microsoft account as part of your organization's use of Microsoft 365 or Office 365.
When you use OneDrive, we collect data about your usage of the service, as well as the content you store, to provide, improve, and protect the services. Examples include indexing the contents of your OneDrive documents so that you can search for them later and using location information to enable you to search for photos based on where the photo was taken. We also collect device information so we can deliver personalized experiences, such as enabling you to sync content across devices and roam customized settings.
When you store content in OneDrive, that content will inherit the sharing permissions of the folder in which you store it. For example, if you decide to store content in the public folder, the content will be public and available to anyone on the internet who can find the folder. If you store content in a private folder, the content will be private.
When you share content to a social network like Facebook from a device that you have synced with your OneDrive account, your content is either uploaded to that social network, or a link to that content is posted to that social network. Doing this makes the content accessible to anyone on that social network. To delete the content, you need to delete it from the social network (if it was uploaded there, rather than a link to it) and from OneDrive.
When you share your OneDrive content with your friends via a link, an email with the link is sent to those friends. The link contains an authorization code that allows anyone with the link to access your content. If one of your friends sends the link to other people, they will also be able to access your content, even if you did not choose to share the content with them. To revoke permissions for your content on OneDrive, sign in to your account and then select the specific content to manage the permission levels. Revoking permissions for a link effectively deactivates the link. No one will be able to use the link to access the content unless you decide to share the link again.
Files managed with OneDrive for Business are stored separately from files stored with your personal OneDrive. OneDrive for Business collects and transmits personal data for authentication, such as your email address and password, which will be transmitted to Microsoft and/or to the provider of your Microsoft 365 or Office 365 service.
Back to top
Outlook
Outlook products are designed to improve your productivity through improved communications and include Outlook.com, Outlook applications, and related services.
Outlook.com
. Outlook.com is the primary consumer email service from Microsoft and includes email accounts with addresses that end in outlook.com, live.com, hotmail.com, and msn.com. Outlook.com provides features that let you connect with your friends on social networks. You will need to create a Microsoft account to use Outlook.com.
When you delete an email or item from a mailbox in Outlook.com, the item generally goes into your Deleted Items folder where it remains for approximately 7 days unless you move it back to your inbox, you empty the folder, or the service empties the folder automatically, whichever comes first. When the Deleted Items folder is emptied, those emptied items remain in our system for up to 30 days before final deletion, unless we are legally required to retain the data for longer.
Outlook applications
. Outlook client applications are software you install on your device that permits you to manage email, calendar items, files, contacts, and other data from email, file storage, and other services, like Exchange Online or Outlook.com, or servers, like Microsoft Exchange. You can use multiple accounts from different providers, including third-party providers, with Outlook applications,
including the new Outlook for Windows app
.
To add an account, you must provide permission for Outlook to access data from the email or file storage services.
When you add an account to Outlook, your mail, calendar items, files, contacts, settings and other data from that account will automatically sync to your device. If you are using the mobile Outlook application, that data will also sync to Microsoft servers to enable additional features such as faster search, personalized filtering of less important mail, and an ability to add email attachments from linked file storage providers without leaving the Outlook application. If you are using the desktop Outlook application, you can choose whether to allow the data to sync to our servers. At any time, you can remove an account or make changes to the data that is synced from your account.
If you add an account provided by an organization (such as your employer or school), the owner of the organizational domain can implement policies and controls (for example, requiring multi-factor authentication or the ability to remotely wipe data from your device) that can affect your use of Outlook.
Using device capabilities
. For Outlook clients that support it, the user can dictate the contents of an email and send using the Dictate feature. The Dictate feature may be configured to use the device’s microphone or any other microphone that a user may connect to their device, like a microphone-enabled pair of headphones. Outlook may also use your device location information to provide you with weather information for your current location as well as provide the ability to search for nearby locations.
To learn more about the data the Outlook applications collect and process, please see the
Microsoft 365
section of this privacy statement.
Back to top
Skype
Skype lets you send and receive voice, video, SMS, and instant message communications. This section applies to the consumer version of Skype; if you are using Skype for Business, see the
Enterprise and developer products
section of this privacy statement.
As part of providing these features, Microsoft collects usage data about your communications that includes the time and date of the communication and the numbers or user names that are part of the communication.
Compatibility with Teams.
As a Skype user, you can also log into Teams using your Skype account. If you log into Teams via your Skype credentials, you can use Teams to chat with and call other Skype and Teams users, and you can access your Skype missed calls and chat history through Teams. Teams users will be able to contact you on Skype and see your Skype presence status. For more information about Teams, see the
Microsoft Teams section
of this privacy statement.
Finding Teams and Skype Contacts.
Your Skype profile includes information you provided when you set up a Microsoft or Skype account. To enable other people to find you on Skype (or products that interact with Skype, such as Skype for Business or Microsoft Teams), your Skype profile is included in Skype and Teams public search directories and may be visible on both Skype and Teams. Depending on your profile settings, Skype and Teams users can find you by your name, email, and/or phone number. Your profile includes your user name, avatar, and any other data you choose to add to your profile or display to others.
Emergency calling in the United States.
If you enable location sharing for emergency calling, your location will be periodically collected to enable Microsoft to share your location with emergency calling service providers if you dial 911. Your location information is only shared if you enable location sharing for emergency calling and you initiate a 911 call.
Skype contacts.
If you use Outlook.com to manage contacts, Skype will automatically add the people you know to your Skype contact list until you tell the application to stop. With your permission, Skype will sync your device contacts periodically and check for other Skype users that match contacts in your device or Outlook address books. You are always in control of your contacts and can stop syncing at any time. You can block users if you do not want to receive their communications. If you choose to stop syncing your device contacts, or you are inactive on your device, any contacts that have not been matched during the synchronization process will be deleted from Skype. If you wish to invite any of your device or Outlook contacts to join a conversation, you can invite users to a 1:1 directly, or Microsoft can send an invitation on your behalf via SMS or email for invitations to group conversations. You can block users if you do not want to receive their communications; additionally, you can report a concern to Microsoft.
Notice to non-user contacts.
If your information appears in the device or Outlook address book of a Skype user who chooses to sync their device or Outlook contacts with their Skype contacts, Microsoft may process your data in order to determine whether you are a current Skype user and to allow Skype users to invite you to the service, including via SMS and email. As long as the Skype user continues to be active on Skype on their device and continues to enable contact syncing, your information will be stored on our servers and we will periodically process your information as a part of the Skype user’s contact synching experience to check whether you have subsequently joined Skype.
Learn more about how we process your information in connection with the contact syncing feature offered to Skype users
.
If you do choose to join Skype, you will appear as a suggested new Skype contact for any Skype and Teams users with your information in their device or Outlook address books. As a Skype user, you will be able to block other Skype and Teams users if you do not want to receive their communications; additionally, you can report a concern to Microsoft.
Partner companies
. To make Skype available to more people, we partner with other companies to allow Skype to be offered via those companies’ services. If you use Skype through a company other than Microsoft, that company’s privacy policy governs how it handles your data. To comply with applicable law or respond to valid legal process, or to help our partner company or local operator comply or respond, we may access, transfer, disclose, and preserve your data. That data could include, for example, your private content, such as the content of your instant messages, stored video messages, voicemails, or file transfers.
Skype Manager
. Skype Manager lets you manage a group’s (such as your family’s) Skype usage from one central place. When you set up a group, you will be the Skype Manager Administrator and can see the patterns of usage, including detailed information, like traffic data and details of purchases, of other members of the group who have consented to such access. If you add information like your name, other people in the group will be able to see it. Members of the group can withdraw consent for Skype Manager by visiting their
Skype account page
.
Push notifications
. To let you know of incoming calls, chats, and other messages, Skype apps use the notification service on your device. For many devices, these services are provided by another company. To tell you who is calling, for example, or to give you the first few words of the new chat, Skype has to tell the notification service so that they can provide the notification to you. The company providing the notification service on your device will use this information in accordance with their own terms and privacy policy. Microsoft is not responsible for the data collected by the company providing the notification service. If you do not want to use the notification services for incoming Skype calls and messages, turn it off in the settings found in the Skype application or your device.
Translation features
. When you use Skype’s translation features, Skype collects and uses your conversation to provide the translation service. With your permission, your data may be used to help improve Microsoft products and services. To help the translation and speech recognition technology learn and grow, sentences and automatic transcripts are analyzed and any corrections are entered into our system, to build better performing services. This data may include manual transcription of your voice clips. To learn more about how Microsoft manages your voice data, see
Speech recognition technologies
.
Recording features
. Some versions of Skype have a recording feature that allows you to capture and share all or part of your audio / video call. The recording will be stored and shared as part of your conversation history with the person or group with whom the call occurred.
You should understand your legal responsibilities before recording any communication. This may include obtaining the prior consent of everyone participating in the conversation or any other authorizations as required.
Microsoft is not responsible for how you use your recordings or the recording features.
Skype bots
. Bots are programs offered by Microsoft or third parties that can do many useful things like search for news, play games, and more. Depending on their capabilities, bots may have access to your display name, Skype ID, country, region, language, and any messages, audio, video, or content that you share with the bot. Please review the bot profile and its privacy statement before engaging in a one-to-one or group conversation with a bot. You can delete a bot that you no longer wish to engage with. Prior to adding a bot to a group, please ensure that your group participants have consented to their information being shared with the bot.
Captioning
. Certain Skype features include accessibility functionality such as captioning. During Skype calls, a call participant can activate a voice-to-text feature, which allows the user to view the audio chat as text. If a user activates this feature, other call participants will not receive a notification. Microsoft uses this voice and text data to provide captioning of audio for users.
Camera Features
. When you use the camera feature in Skype, you can choose to enhance your video and images with third party lens services. Lens is a feature that uses Augmented Reality (AR) to transform your selfies in a fun way, such as making you look like your favorite animal. Using the camera in Skype, you can select the lens feature that is incorporated in the Skype to transform your face and hands. Depending on which lens you choose, your video and images may be processed to extract information about the location of different areas on your face and hands. The extracted data is used for the sole purpose of applying AR effects to your face and hands. None of this data is used to personally identify you. This data is processed for the duration of the session on your device only, and then deleted immediately. This data is not sent to Skype or any third party.
Back to top
Surface
Microsoft offers its family of Surface devices and accessories to provide a great computing experience, including surfing the web, watching and streaming videos, playing games, running apps like Excel, Word, and OneNote, and more. These include devices and accessories like Surface Laptops, Surface Studios, Surface Book, Surface Pro, Surface Headphones, Surface Earbuds, Surface Dock, Surface Keyboard, and more. As part of that experience, Microsoft collects certain diagnostic data, as described below.
Diagnostic data
. Microsoft collects diagnostic data as you use your Surface devices, Surface accessories, and Surface applications. Diagnostic data can include information about crashes, performance, and usage of Surface products. The data that is sent to Microsoft is used to help keep Surface secure, up to date, and performing as expected and can help us make other improvements to Surface.
There are two levels of diagnostic and activity data: Required diagnostic data and Optional diagnostic data.
Required diagnostic data
is the minimum amount of data that we need to help keep Surface devices, Surface accessories, and the Surface application secure, up-to-date, and performing as expected.
Optional diagnostic data
is additional diagnostic and usage data about your Surface devices, Surface accessories, and the Surface application. If you choose to send optional diagnostic data to Microsoft, required diagnostic data is also included.
Required diagnostic data is always sent to Microsoft for all Surface devices, Surface accessories, and the Surface application. But you can choose whether to allow Surface to collect optional diagnostic data and send it to Microsoft. You can make that choice when you first set up your Surface device or change the setting at any time in the Surface app.
For more information, see
Diagnostic data for Surface products
and
Diagnostic data in the Surface app
. For a list of Surface required diagnostic data collected, see
Required diagnostic data for Surface products
.
Back to top
Surface Duo
The Surface Duo is a device featuring two screens that fits in your pocket for productivity on the go. Powered by the Google Android operating system, Surface Duo supports cellular and Wi-Fi connectivity and can be used for email, internet browsing, games, and business connectivity.
Microsoft provides a core Surface Duo experience that runs on the Android operating system. The core Surface Duo experience includes apps such as the Microsoft Launcher, Setup Wizard, and Your Phone Companion. You can sign in with a Google ID and enable various Google services; you can then also sign in with your Microsoft account (MSA) and enable Microsoft’s services. Microsoft apps and services may rely on information provided by Google. Some features, such as location, require that you enable this functionality for Google and separately allow Microsoft to leverage this information.
Diagnostic data
. Surface Duo collects diagnostic data to solve problems and to keep the core Surface Duo experience up to date, secure, and operating properly. This data also helps us improve Surface Duo and related Microsoft products and services. The data does not include your user name, email address, or the content of your files. There are two levels of diagnostic data: Required diagnostic data and Optional diagnostic data.
Required
. The minimum data necessary to help keep the core Surface Duo experience secure, up to date, and performing as expected.
Optional
. Additional data that helps us make product improvements and provides enhanced information to help Microsoft detect, diagnose, and remediate issues.
Learn more in Surface Duo Privacy Settings
.
Surface Duo location settings
. Surface Duo relies on Google location services to determine the device’s precise geographic location to display the local weather. The location of your Surface Duo can be determined with varying degrees of accuracy and may in some cases be determined precisely. If you want Microsoft apps to be able to reference or display weather or other location related information, you need to enable Google location services and Microsoft location access. Some apps may require these settings be enabled independently for the app and can be set or changed in the Surface Duo’s Settings. The
Google Privacy Policy
provides details about Google’s location service and related data privacy practices. See
Surface Duo Location Settings
for more information.
Microsoft apps included with the Surface Duo
. The diagnostic data options for the core Surface Duo experience are configured when you initially set up your Surface Duo and can be changed in the Surface Duo’s Settings under the Diagnostic Data section.
The other Microsoft apps on your Surface Duo may prompt you to enable functionality to enable the full experience of the app or you may be asked to allow optional diagnostic data collection. You can change the settings for these apps in the Surface Duo Settings under the app name. More information about these apps is available in the
Productivity and communications products
and
Search and Browse
sections of this Privacy Statement.
Back to top
LinkedIn
To learn about the data LinkedIn collects and how it is used and shared, please see LinkedIn’s
Privacy Policy
.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Search and browse
Search and browse products connect you with information and intelligently sense, process, and act on information—learning and adapting over time. For more information on artificial intelligence and Copilot capabilities in Microsoft’s search products, please see
Artificial Intelligence and Microsoft Copilot capabilities
section above.
Search and browse products connect you with information and intelligently sense, process, and act on information—learning and adapting over time. For more information on artificial intelligence and Copilot capabilities in Microsoft’s search products, please see
Artificial Intelligence and Microsoft Copilot capabilities
section above.
Bing
Bing services include search and mapping services, as well as other apps and programs described in this section. Bing services collect and process data in many forms, including text that has been inked or typed, voice data, and images. Bing services are also included within other Microsoft services, such as Microsoft 365, and certain features in Windows (which we refer to as Bing-powered experiences).
When you conduct a search, or use a feature of a Bing-powered experience that involves conducting a search or entering a command on your behalf, Microsoft will collect the searches or commands you provide (which may be in the form of text, voice data, or an image), along with your IP address, location, the unique identifiers contained in our cookies or similar technologies, the time and date of your search, and your browser configuration. For example, if you use Bing voice-enabled services, your voice input and performance data associated with the speech functionality will be sent to Microsoft. To learn more about how Microsoft manages your voice data, see
Speech recognition technologies
. And, if you use Bing image-enabled services, the image you provide will be sent to Microsoft. When you use Bing-powered experiences, such as Bing Lookup to search a particular word or phrase within a webpage or document, that word or phrase is sent to Bing along with some surrounding content in order to provide contextually relevant search results.
AI-enhanced Bing search
. Bing search now includes an AI-enhanced web search functionality, using Microsoft Copilot in Bing, which supports users by providing relevant search results, reviewing and summarizing from across the web, refining research queries through the chat experience, and sparking creativity by helping users create content. Copilot in Bing’s use and collection of personal data is consistent with Bing’s core web search offering as described in this section. More information about Copilot in Bing is available at
Copilot in Bing: Our approach to Responsible AI
.
Search suggestions
. For the search suggestions feature, the characters that you type into a Bing-powered experience (such as search and site suggestions in the Microsoft Edge browser) to conduct a search and what you click on will be sent to Microsoft. This allows us to provide you with relevant suggestions as you type your searches. To turn this feature on or off, while using Bing Search, go to
Bing Settings
. There are other methods to control this feature in other Bing-powered experiences, such as the Microsoft Edge browser. Search Suggestions cannot be turned off in the search box in Windows 10 and Windows 11. If you choose, you can always hide the search box or icon on the taskbar.
Bing experience improvement program for Bing Desktop and Bing Toolbar
. If you are using Bing Desktop or Bing Toolbar and choose to participate in the Bing Experience Improvement Program, we also collect additional data about how you use these specific Bing apps, such as the addresses of the websites you visit, to help improve search ranking and relevance. To help protect your privacy, we do not use the data collected through the Bing Experience Improvement Program to identify or contact you or target advertising to you. You can turn off the Bing Experience Improvement Program at any time in the Bing Desktop or Bing Toolbar settings. Finally, we delete the information collected through the Bing Experience Improvement Program after 18 months.
Retention and de-identification
. We de-identify stored search queries by removing the entirety of the IP address after 6 months, and cookie IDs and other cross-session identifiers that are used to identify a particular account or device after 18 months.
Personalization through Microsoft account
. Some Bing services provide you with an enhanced experience when you sign in with your personal Microsoft account, for example, syncing your search history across devices. You can use these personalization features to customize your interests, favorites, and settings, and to connect your account with third-party services. Visit
Bing Settings
to manage your personalization settings, or the
Microsoft privacy dashboard
to manage your data.
Managing search history
. When you’re signed-in to a personal Microsoft account, you can erase your search and chat history on the
Microsoft privacy dashboard
. The Search History service from Bing, located in Bing Settings, provides another method of revisiting the search terms you've entered and results you've clicked when using Bing search through your browser. You may clear your search history on a device through this service. The conversations you have with Microsoft Copilot in Bing are also remembered as “Recent activity”. The history of previous Recent activities is saved, with the names of chats based by default on the first query of the chat. Your Recent activity is displayed on the right-hand side of the chat window when you are using the service. Clearing your history prevents that history from being displayed in your Search History or chat history, but does not delete information from our search logs, which are retained and de-identified as described above or as you have instructed through the privacy dashboard. If you are signed-in to a work or school Microsoft account using Microsoft Search in Bing, you can export your Microsoft Search in Bing search history, but you cannot delete it. Your Microsoft Search in Bing service administrator can see aggregated search history across all enterprise users but cannot see specific searches by user.
Third-party services that use Bing
. You may access Bing-powered experiences when using third-party services, such as those from Yahoo!. In order to provide these services, Bing receives data from these and other partners, including your search query and related data (such as date, time, IP address, and a unique identifier). This data will be sent to Microsoft to provide the search service. Microsoft will use this data as described in this statement or as further limited by our contractual obligations with our partners. You should refer to the privacy policies of the third-party services for any questions about how they collect and use data.
Data passed to destination website
. When you select a search result or advertisement from a Bing search results page and go to the destination website, the destination website will receive the standard data your browser sends to every web site you visit—such as your IP address, browser type and language, and the host name of the site you came from (in this case,
https://www.bing.com/
).
Sharing data from Bing and Bing-powered experiences with third parties
. We share some de-identified data (data where the identity of a specific person is not known) from Bing and Bing-powered experiences with selected third parties. Before we do so, we run the data through a process designed to remove certain sensitive data that users may have included in the search terms themselves (such as social security numbers or credit card numbers). Additionally, we require these third parties to keep the data secure and to not use the data for purposes other than for which it is provided.
Back to top
Microsoft Edge
Whenever you use a web browser to access the internet, data about your device ("standard device data") is sent to the websites you visit and online services you use. Standard device data includes your device's IP address, browser type and language, access times, and referring website addresses. This data might be logged on those websites' or online services’ web servers. Which data is logged and how that data is used depends on the privacy practices of the websites you visit and web services you use. Certain features in Microsoft Edge, such as when you open a new tab in the browser, connect you to Microsoft Start Content and your experiences with such content is covered by the Microsoft Start section of this privacy statement. Additionally, Microsoft Edge sends a unique browser ID to certain websites to enable us to develop aggregate data used to improve browser features and services.
Microsoft Edge for Windows, Linux, and macOS
. Microsoft Edge is the default web browser for Windows 10 and later and is also available on other supported versions of Windows and macOS.
Data about how you use your browser, such as your browsing history, web form data, temporary internet files, and cookies, is stored on your device. You can delete this data from your device using Clear Browsing History.
Microsoft Edge allows you to capture and save content on your device, such as:
Settings and More
. Allows you to manage your favorites, downloads, history, extensions, and collections.
Collections
. Allows you to collect text, images, videos, and other content in a note page in your browser. When you drag content into your collection, it is cached on your device and can be deleted through your collection.
Website Pin to Taskbar
. Allows you to pin your favorite websites to the Windows taskbar. Websites will be able to see which of their webpages you have pinned, so they can provide you a notification badge letting you know there is something new for you to check out on their websites.
Microsoft collects data necessary to provide features you request in Microsoft Edge. When signed into Microsoft Edge using your Microsoft personal account or work or school account, Microsoft Edge will sync your browser data saved on your device across other signed-in devices. You may choose which browser data to sync, including your favorites, browsing history, extensions and associated data, settings, open tabs, autofill form entries (such as your name, address, and phone number), passwords, payment information, and other data types as they become available. If you choose to sync extensions that you acquired from third-party web stores, a copy of those extensions will be downloaded directly from those web stores on your synced device(s). If you have turned on Password Monitor, your saved credentials are hashed, encrypted and sent to Microsoft’s Password Monitor service to warn you if your credentials were detected as part of a malicious attack or a breach. Microsoft does not retain this data after the check is complete. You can disable or configure syncing in the Microsoft Edge settings.
When you sign into Microsoft Edge with your Microsoft personal account or work or school account, Microsoft Edge will store your account’s privacy preferences. Microsoft Edge will use the stored preferences to migrate your account’s privacy choices across your signed-in devices, including during Windows device set up or when you sign into Microsoft Edge with your account on a new device.
Microsoft Edge’s
Search and site suggestions
uses your search queries and browsing history to provide you with faster browsing and more relevant search recommendations. Microsoft Edge sends the information you type into the browser address bar to the default search provider configured in the address bar to offer search recommendations as you type each character. You can turn off these features at any time in the browser settings. In order to provide search results, Microsoft Edge sends your search queries, standard device information, and location (if you have location enabled) to your default search provider. If Bing is your default search provider, we use this data as described in the Bing section of this privacy statement.
Microsoft Edge collects and uses data from your search activity across the web, including websites Microsoft does not own or operate, to improve Microsoft services, such as Microsoft Edge, Microsoft Bing and Microsoft News. This data may include the search query, the search results that are displayed to you, demographic information that is part of the search results, and the interaction you have with those search results, such as the links you click. Microsoft Edge takes steps to de-identify the data it collects by removing data that identifies the person or device from which it was collected and retains this data for one year from when it is collected. Microsoft does not use this collected data to personalize or provide ads to you. You can turn off the collection of this data at any time in the browser settings.
Microsoft Edge downloads content from Microsoft services to enhance your browsing experiences; for example, when data is downloaded to prerender site content for faster browsing or to provide content required to power features you choose to use, such as providing templates for Collections.
You may also choose to share your Microsoft Edge browsing activity to allow us to personalize Microsoft Edge and Microsoft services like ads, search, shopping, and news. Microsoft Edge browsing activity includes your history, favorites, usage data, web content, and other browsing data. For more information about our
advertising privacy policies
see the Advertising section of the privacy statement. In the Microsoft privacy dashboard you can control the use of your browsing activity for personalized ads in the
See ads that interest you
setting. If you disable this setting in the Microsoft privacy dashboard you will continue to receive personalized web experiences like search and news based on your browsing activity. You may stop sharing your Microsoft Edge browsing activity by disabling
Allow Microsoft to use your browsing activity including history, favorites, usage and other browsing data to personalize Microsoft Edge and Microsoft services like ads, search, shopping and news
within Edge settings. When using Copilot features in the Microsoft Edge sidebar, you can choose to allow Microsoft Copilot in Edge to access the content of the webpage you are viewing in order to provide further insights, such as page summaries. Use of data connected with Copilot experiences is consistent with the Copilot data use described in the Bing section of this privacy statement.
Microsoft Edge collects required diagnostic data to solve problems and to keep Microsoft Edge up to date, secure, and operating properly. Required diagnostic data also helps us improve Microsoft Edge and Windows.
Separate from your search activity data mentioned above, you can choose to send optional diagnostic data about how you use Microsoft Edge and information about your browser activity, including browsing history and search terms to Microsoft to help us improve Microsoft Edge and other Microsoft products and services. For Microsoft Edge on Windows 10 and later, this information is provided when you have enabled optional diagnostic data. For details, see the Windows Diagnostics section of the privacy statement. For Microsoft Edge on other operating systems, optional diagnostic information is provided when you enable
Improve Microsoft products by sending data about how you use the browser
or
Make searches and Microsoft products better by sending info about websites you visit in Microsoft Edge
in the browser settings.
The diagnostic data collected by Microsoft Edge is transmitted to Microsoft and is stored with one or more unique identifiers that help us recognize an individual browser installation on a device and understand the browser's service issues and use patterns.
Learn more about Microsoft Edge, browsing data, and privacy
.
Microsoft Edge on iOS and Android
. Microsoft Edge on iOS and Android devices collects data necessary to provide features you request in Microsoft Edge. Microsoft also collects required diagnostic data to solve problems and to keep Microsoft Edge up to date, secure, and operating properly. Required diagnostic data also helps us improve Microsoft Edge.
Additionally, you may share optional diagnostic data about how you use Microsoft Edge and information about websites you visit (browsing history) for personalized experiences on your browser, Windows, and other Microsoft products and services. This information also helps us improve Microsoft Edge and other Microsoft products and services. This optional diagnostic data is sent to us when you enable
Share usage data for personalization
or
Share info about websites you visit
in the browser settings.
The diagnostic data collected by Microsoft Edge is transmitted to Microsoft and is stored with one or more unique identifiers that help us recognize an individual user on a device and understand the browser's service issues and use patterns.
Microsoft Edge uses data from your search activity across the web, including search activity on websites Microsoft does not own or operate, to improve Microsoft services like Microsoft Edge, Microsoft Bing, and Microsoft News. The data Microsoft Edge collects may include personal data; however, Microsoft Edge takes steps to scrub and de-identify the data. Microsoft Edge does not use this data to personalize or provide ads for you. You can turn off the collection of this data at any time in the browser settings.
Learn more about Search results data for product improvement
.
For information about the privacy practices of legacy versions Microsoft Edge (versions 44 and below), see the Web browsers—Microsoft Edge Legacy and Internet Explorer section of the privacy statement.
Back to top
Microsoft Translator
Microsoft Translator is a machine translation system and service designed to automatically translate text and voice input between numerous supported languages. Microsoft Translator is made available as a stand-alone consumer app for Android, iOS, and Windows and its service capabilities are also integrated in a variety of Microsoft products and services, such as Translator Hub, Translator for Bing, and Translator for Microsoft Edge. Microsoft Translator processes the text, image, and voice data you submit, as well as device and usage data. We use this data to provide Microsoft Translator, personalize your experiences, and improve our products and services. Microsoft has implemented business and technical measures designed to help de-identify the data you submit to Microsoft Translator. For example, when we randomly sample text and audio to improve Microsoft Translator and Microsoft’s speech recognition technologies, we delete identifiers and certain text, such as email addresses and some number sequences, detected in the sample that could contain personal data. To learn more about how Microsoft manages your voice data, see
Speech recognition technologies
.
Separate from Microsoft Translator, Microsoft translation services are available as features in other Microsoft products and services that have different privacy practices than Microsoft Translator. For more information on the Microsoft Azure Cognitive Services Translator Text API, Custom Translator, and Translator Speech API, see the
Enterprise and developer products
section of this privacy statement. For the Translate feature in Microsoft 365 apps and Skype, see the
Productivity and communications products
section of this privacy statement.
Back to top
SwiftKey
The Microsoft SwiftKey keyboard and related cloud-based services (collectively, the “SwiftKey Services”) process data about words you use and how you type and use this data to learn your writing style and provide personalized autocorrection and predictive text that adapts to you. We also use this data to offer a range of other features, such as emoji predictions.
SwiftKey prediction technology learns from the way you use language to build a personalized language model. This model is an optimized view of the words and phrases that you use most often in context and reflects your unique writing style. The model itself contains the words you commonly type arranged in a way that enables SwiftKey’s algorithms to make predictions, based on text you have already entered. The model draws from all scenarios in which you use your keyboard, including when you type while using apps or visiting websites. The SwiftKey keyboard and model attempt to avoid collecting sensitive data, by not collecting data from certain fields such as those recognized as containing password or payment data. SwiftKey Services do not log or store, the data contained in your model, unless you choose to share your data with us (as described further below). When you use SwiftKey Services, we also collect device and usage data. When you sign into your SwiftKey account and agree to share the following data, we will use de-identified device data, usage data, and model data to analyze service performance and help improve our products.
The SwiftKey Services also include an optional cloud component called a SwiftKey Account. If you choose to create a SwiftKey Account, your language model will be synchronized with the SwiftKey Account cloud service, so you can benefit from that model on the different devices you use and access additional services such as prediction synchronization and backup. When you create a SwiftKey Account, Microsoft will also collect your email address and basic demographic data. All data collected is transferred to our servers over encrypted channels. If you are signed in to your SwiftKey account, you can control your personal data and SwiftKey account preferences at
data.swiftkey.com
.
As part of your SwiftKey account, you may also opt in to share your language and/or typing data for the purposes of improving Microsoft products and services. If you opt-in, SwiftKey may send short snippets of data about what and how you type and related correction data to our servers for processing. These text snippets are used in various automated processes to validate that our prediction services are working correctly and to make product improvements. To preserve your privacy, SwiftKey Services de-identify these text snippets, and even if you have a SwiftKey Account, these text snippets will not be linked to it.
If you sign into your SwiftKey Account and opt-in to share your language and typing data, Microsoft will process your shared data to look for new patterns of language usage across our user base. This allows us to improve our basic models for individual languages. Language and typing data used in this process is aggregated and any words or combinations of words that might be personal to individuals or small groups of users are filtered out.
You can withdraw your consent to share your language and typing data for product improvement at any time in SwiftKey Settings. You can also withdraw your consent for SwiftKey Services to retain your personal data in SwiftKey Settings. When you withdraw consent for SwiftKey to retain your personal data, all personal data collected through your use of the SwiftKey Services will be deleted.
You may receive occasional notifications on your device alerting you to product updates and features that may be of interest to you. You can disable these notifications at any time in the SwiftKey Settings.
When you use the camera feature in SwiftKey, you can choose to enhance your video and images with third party lens services. Lens is a feature that uses Augmented Reality (AR) to transform your selfies in a fun way, such as making you look like your favorite animal. Using the camera in SwiftKey keyboard, you can select the lens feature that is incorporated in the keyboard to transform your face and hands. Depending on which lens you choose, your video and images may be processed to extract information about the location of different areas on your face and hands. The extracted data is used for the sole purpose of applying AR effects to your face and hands. None of this data is used to personally identify you. This data is processed for the duration of the session on your device only, and then deleted immediately. This data is not sent to SwiftKey or any third party.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Windows
Windows is a personalized computing environment that enables you to seamlessly roam and access services, preferences, and content across your computing devices from phones to tablets to the Surface Hub. Rather than residing as a static software program on your device, key components of Windows are cloud-based, and both cloud and local elements of Windows are updated regularly, providing you with the latest improvements and features. In order to provide this computing experience, we collect data about you, your device, and the way you use Windows. And because Windows is personal to you, we give you choices about the personal data we collect and how we use it. Note that if your Windows device is managed by your organization (such as your employer or school), your organization may use centralized management tools provided by Microsoft or others to access and process your data and to control device settings (including privacy settings), device policies, software updates, data collection by us or the organization, or other aspects of your device. Additionally, your organization may use management tools provided by Microsoft or others to access and process your data from that device, including your interaction data, diagnostic data, and the contents of your communications and files.
The Windows Settings
, formerly known as PC Settings, is an essential component of Microsoft Windows. It provides a convenient interface for adjusting user preferences, configuring the operating system, and managing connected devices so that you can manage user accounts, adjust network settings, and personalize various aspects of Windows. Windows provides a mechanism for apps to access various device capabilities such as the device’s camera, microphone, location, calendar, contacts, call history, messages and more, while controlling access to your personal data. Each capability has its own privacy settings page in Windows settings, so you can control which apps can use each capability. Here are some key features of Settings:
Customization: You can personalize various aspects of Windows, including the look and feel, language settings, and privacy options. Windows settings uses your microphone when controlling the volume, camera when using integrated camera and location to change brightness at night time to help you customize your Windows.
Peripheral Management: Install and manage peripherals such as printers, monitors, and external drives.
Network Configuration: Adjust networking settings, including Wi-Fi, Ethernet, cellular and VPN connections and will use physical MAC address, IMEI and mobile number if device supports cellular.
Account Management: Add or remove user accounts, change account settings, and manage sign-in options.
System-Level Options: Configure display settings, notifications, power options, manage list of installed apps and more.
Privacy & security management: configure your privacy preferences such as location, collection of diagnostic data etc. Fine-tune which individual apps and services can access device capabilities by turning them on or off.
For more information about data collection in Windows, see
Data collection summary for Windows
. This statement discusses Windows 10 and Windows 11 and references to Windows in this section relate to those product versions. Earlier versions of Windows (including Windows Vista, Windows 7, Windows 8, and Windows 8.1) are subject to their own privacy statements.
Windows is a personalized computing environment that enables you to seamlessly roam and access services, preferences, and content across your computing devices from phones to tablets to the Surface Hub. Rather than residing as a static software program on your device, key components of Windows are cloud-based, and both cloud and local elements of Windows are updated regularly, providing you with the latest improvements and features. In order to provide this computing experience, we collect data about you, your device, and the way you use Windows. And because Windows is personal to you, we give you choices about the personal data we collect and how we use it. Note that if your Windows device is managed by your organization (such as your employer or school), your organization may use centralized management tools provided by Microsoft or others to access and process your data and to control device settings (including privacy settings), device policies, software updates, data collection by us or the organization, or other aspects of your device. Additionally, your organization may use management tools provided by Microsoft or others to access and process your data from that device, including your interaction data, diagnostic data, and the contents of your communications and files.
The Windows Settings
, formerly known as PC Settings, is an essential component of Microsoft Windows. It provides a convenient interface for adjusting user preferences, configuring the operating system, and managing connected devices so that you can manage user accounts, adjust network settings, and personalize various aspects of Windows. Windows provides a mechanism for apps to access various device capabilities such as the device’s camera, microphone, location, calendar, contacts, call history, messages and more, while controlling access to your personal data. Each capability has its own privacy settings page in Windows settings, so you can control which apps can use each capability. Here are some key features of Settings:
Customization: You can personalize various aspects of Windows, including the look and feel, language settings, and privacy options. Windows settings uses your microphone when controlling the volume, camera when using integrated camera and location to change brightness at night time to help you customize your Windows.
Peripheral Management: Install and manage peripherals such as printers, monitors, and external drives.
Network Configuration: Adjust networking settings, including Wi-Fi, Ethernet, cellular and VPN connections and will use physical MAC address, IMEI and mobile number if device supports cellular.
Account Management: Add or remove user accounts, change account settings, and manage sign-in options.
System-Level Options: Configure display settings, notifications, power options, manage list of installed apps and more.
Privacy & security management: configure your privacy preferences such as location, collection of diagnostic data etc. Fine-tune which individual apps and services can access device capabilities by turning them on or off.
For more information about data collection in Windows, see
Data collection summary for Windows
. This statement discusses Windows 10 and Windows 11 and references to Windows in this section relate to those product versions. Earlier versions of Windows (including Windows Vista, Windows 7, Windows 8, and Windows 8.1) are subject to their own privacy statements.
Activation
When you activate Windows, a specific product key is associated with the device on which your software is installed. The product key and data about the software and your device is sent to Microsoft to help validate your license to the software. This data may be sent again if there is a need to re-activate or validate your license. On phones running Windows, device and network identifiers, as well as device location at the time of the first power-up of the device, are also sent to Microsoft for the purpose of warranty registration, stock replenishment, and fraud prevention.
Back to top
Activity history
Activity history helps keep track of the things you do on your device, such as the apps and services you use, the files you open, and the websites you browse. Your activity history is created when using different apps and features such as Microsoft Edge Legacy, some Microsoft Store apps, and Microsoft 365 apps and is stored locally on your device.
You can turn settings off or on for storing activity history locally on your device, and you can also clear your device’s activity history at any time by going to
Privacy > Activity history
in the Windows settings app.
Learn more about activity history in Windows
.
Back to top
Advertising ID
Windows generates a unique advertising ID for each person using a device, which app developers and advertising networks can then use for their own purposes, including providing relevant advertising in apps. When the advertising ID is enabled, both Microsoft apps and third-party apps can access and use the advertising ID in much the same way that websites can access and use a unique identifier stored in a cookie. Thus, your advertising ID can be used by app developers and advertising networks to provide more relevant advertising and other personalized experiences across their apps and on the web. Microsoft collects the advertising ID for the uses described here only when you choose to enable the advertising ID as part of your privacy setting.
The advertising ID setting applies to Windows apps using the Windows advertising identifier. You can turn off access to this identifier at any time by turning off the advertising ID in the Windows settings app. If you choose to turn it on again, the advertising ID will be reset and a new identifier will be generated. When a third-party app accesses the advertising ID, its use of the advertising ID will be subject to its own privacy policy.
Learn more about advertising ID in Windows
.
The advertising ID setting does not apply to other methods of interest-based advertising delivered by Microsoft or third parties, such as cookies used to provide interest-based display ads on websites. Third-party products accessed through or installed on Windows may also deliver other forms of interest-based advertising subject to their own privacy policies. Microsoft delivers other forms of interest-based ads in certain Microsoft products, both directly and by partnering with third-party ad providers. For more information on how Microsoft uses data for advertising, see the
How we use personal data
section of this statement.
Back to top
Diagnostics
Microsoft collects Windows diagnostic data to solve problems and to keep Windows up to date, secure, and operating properly. It also helps us improve Windows and related Microsoft products and services. While the device is running, diagnostic data is collected and periodically transmitted to Microsoft and stored along with one or more unique identifiers that can help us recognize an individual user on an individual device and understand the device's service issues and use patterns.
There are two levels of diagnostic and activity data: Required diagnostic data and Optional diagnostic data. Certain product documentation and other materials refer to Required diagnostic data as Basic diagnostic data and to Optional diagnostic data as Full diagnostic data.
If an organization (such as your employer or school) uses Microsoft Entra ID to manage the account it provides to you and enrolls your device in the Windows diagnostic data processor configuration, Microsoft’s processing of diagnostic data in connection with Windows is governed by a contract between Microsoft and the organization. If an organization uses Microsoft management tools or engages Microsoft to manage your device, Microsoft and the organization will use and process diagnostic and error data from your device to allow the management, monitoring, and troubleshooting of your devices managed by the organization, and for other purposes of the organization.
Required diagnostic data
includes information about your device, its settings and capabilities, and whether it is performing properly. We collect the following Required diagnostic data:
Device, connectivity, and configuration data:
Data about the device such as the processor type, OEM manufacturer, type of battery and capacity, number and type of cameras, firmware, and memory attributes.
Network capabilities and connection data such as the device’s IP address, mobile network (including IMEI and mobile operator), and whether the device is connected to a free or paid network.
Data about the operating system and its configuration such as the OS version and build number, region and language settings, diagnostics data settings, and whether the device is part of the Windows Insider program.
Data about connected peripherals such as model, manufacturer, drivers, and compatibility data.
Data about the applications installed on the device such as application name, version, and publisher.
Whether a device is ready for an update and whether there are factors that may impede the ability to receive updates, such as low battery, limited disk space, or connectivity through a paid network.
Whether updates complete successfully or fail.
Data about the reliability of the diagnostics collection system itself.
Basic error reporting, which is health data about the operating system and applications running on your device. For example, basic error reporting tells us if an application, such as Microsoft Paint or a third-party game, hangs or crashes.
Optional diagnostic data
includes more detailed information about your device and its settings, capabilities, and device health. Optional diagnostic data may also include data about the websites you browse, device activity (also sometimes referred to as usage), and enhanced error reporting that helps Microsoft to fix and improve products and services for all users. When you choose to send Optional diagnostic data, Required diagnostic data will always be included, and we collect the following additional information:
Additional data about the device, connectivity, and configuration, beyond that collected under Required diagnostic data.
Status and logging information about the health of operating system and other system components beyond that collected about the update and diagnostics systems under Required diagnostic data.
App activity, such as which programs are launched on a device, how long they run, and how quickly they respond to input.
Browser activity, including browsing history and search terms, in Microsoft browsers (Microsoft Edge or Internet Explorer).
Enhanced error reporting, including the memory state of the device when a system or app crash occurs (which may unintentionally contain user content, such as parts of a file you were using when the problem occurred).
Some of the data described above may not be collected from your device even if you choose to send Optional diagnostic data. Microsoft minimizes the volume of Optional diagnostic data it collects from all devices by collecting some of the data from only a subset of devices (sample). By running the Diagnostic Data Viewer tool, you can see an icon which indicates whether your device is part of a sample and also which specific data is collected from your device. Instructions for how to download the Diagnostic Data Viewer tool can be found in the Windows settings app under Diagnostics & feedback.
Specific data items collected in Windows diagnostics are subject to change to give Microsoft flexibility to collect the data needed for the purposes described. For example, to enable Microsoft to troubleshoot the latest performance issue impacting users’ computing experience or update a Windows device that is new to the market, Microsoft may need to collect data items that were not collected previously. For a current list of data types collected at
Required diagnostic data
and
Optional diagnostic data
, see
Windows Required (Basic level) diagnostic events and fields
or
Windows Optional (Full level) diagnostic data
. We provide limited portions of error report information to partners (such as the device manufacturer) to help them troubleshoot products and services which work with Windows and other Microsoft product and services. They are only permitted to use this information to repair or improve those products and services. We may also share some aggregated, de-identified diagnostic data, such as general usage trends for Windows apps and features, with selected third parties.
Learn more about diagnostic data in Windows
.
Inking and typing Recognition
. You also can choose to help Microsoft improve inking and typing recognition by sending inking and typing diagnostic data. If you choose to do so, Microsoft will collect samples of the content you type or write to improve features such as handwriting recognition, autocompletion, next word prediction, and spelling correction in the many languages used by Microsoft customers. When Microsoft collects inking and typing diagnostic data, it is divided into small samples and processed to remove unique identifiers, sequencing information, and other data (such as email addresses and numeric values) which could be used to reconstruct the original content or associate the input to you. It also includes associated performance data, such as changes you manually make to text, as well as words you've added to the dictionary.
Learn more about improving inking and typing in Windows
.
Back to top
Personalized offers
If you choose to turn on
Personalized offers
, we will use information about your device and how you use it, including Windows diagnostic data, in combination with your account info and data collected by other Microsoft products and services to offer you personalized tips, ads, and recommendations to enhance your Windows experiences. Personalized offers include suggestions on how to customize and optimize Windows, as well as ads and recommendations for Microsoft and third-party products and services, features, apps, and hardware to enhance your Windows experiences. For example, Windows might tell you about new features to help you get the most out of your device. If you stream movies in your browser, Windows might recommend an app from the Microsoft Store that streams more efficiently. Or, if you are running out of space on your hard drive, Windows might recommend you try OneDrive or purchase hardware to add more storage.
When Personalized offers is on, Windows may use your required diagnostic data to personalize offers. This data may include information about your device, its settings and capabilities, and whether it is performing properly. If you have decided to share optional diagnostic data, the data used to personalize offers may also include information about how you use apps and features, plus additional information about the health of your device. We may also use information about your device and your activity to personalize offers locally on your device, even when the data does not leave your device. We do not use the content of crash dumps, speech, typing, or inking input data for personalizing offers.
In addition to information about your device and how you use it, including Windows diagnostic data, we may use or combine the following data from other Microsoft products and your account with Windows diagnostic data to personalize offers:
Web activity, if you give Microsoft Edge permission to collect your web activity for personalized search, ads, and news.
Info about your use of other Microsoft products and services, including Microsoft Bing, Microsoft 365, Xbox, and Microsoft websites, such as MSN.com.
Subscription and purchase history.
Data from third-party websites which may be shared with Microsoft.
We may also use information about your interactions with tips, recommendations, and promotions to provide and improve the personalized offers and similar messages in other Microsoft products.
To manage how data collected by other Microsoft products is used to personalize offers, you can visit your
Personalized ads and offers page
. The data we use to personalize offers may change over time, but this page will always have the latest list of data sources so you can make decisions on how your data is used by Microsoft. In some regions such as the European Economic Area, turning off Personalized offers on Windows also stops the use of data from other Microsoft products to personalize tips, ads, and recommendations in Windows. In other regions, you can manage how data collected by other Microsoft products is used to personalize offers by visiting your
Personalized ads and offers page
.
Contextual data from your device and some basic account data are used to show you appropriate messaging in Windows regardless of whether the Personalized offers setting or the use of data from other Microsoft products to personalize offers are turned off. For example, this data is used to make sure content is in the correct language and appropriate for your age group.
Personalized offers applies to tips, offers, ads, and recommendations you see in Windows. Changing this setting will not impact the kinds of offers you may see in other Microsoft products. You can change this setting at any time by searching for
Personalized offers
in the Windows Settings app.
Learn more about personalized offers
.
Tailored experiences
Tailored experiences is being replaced by Personalized offers in more recent versions of Windows. If you have not installed the latest Windows Update, you may still see Tailored experiences on your device.
If you choose to turn on Tailored experiences, we will use your Windows diagnostic data (Required or Optional as you have selected) to offer you personalized tips, ads, and recommendations to enhance Microsoft experiences. If you have selected Required as your diagnostic data setting, personalization is based on information about your device, its settings and capabilities, and whether it is performing properly. If you have selected Optional, personalization is also based on information about how you use apps and features, plus additional information about the health of your device. However, we do not use information about the websites you browse, the content of crash dumps, speech, typing, or inking input data for personalization when we receive such data from customers who have selected Optional. Tailored experiences data is transmitted to Microsoft and stored with one or more unique identifiers that can help us recognize an individual user on an individual device and understand the device’s service issues and use patterns.
Tailored experiences include suggestions on how to customize and optimize Windows, as well as ads and recommendations for Microsoft and third-party products and services, features, apps, and hardware for your Windows experiences. For example, to help you get the most out of your device, we may tell you about features you may not know about or that are new. If you are having a problem with your Windows device, you may be offered a solution. You may be offered a chance to customize your lock screen with pictures, or to be shown more pictures of the kind you like, or fewer of the ones you do not. If you stream movies in your browser, you may be recommended an app from the Microsoft store that streams more efficiently. Or, if you are running out of space on your hard drive, Windows may recommend you try OneDrive or purchase hardware to gain more space.
Learn more about tailored experiences in Windows
.
Back to top
Feedback Hub
Feedback Hub provides a way to gather feedback on Microsoft products and installed first party and third-party apps. When you use Feedback Hub, Feedback Hub periodically reads the installed app list to determine apps for which feedback can be sent. Feedback Hub determines the apps installed in your device through public APIs. Additionally, for HoloLens, Feedback Hub uses your camera and microphone when you choose to share surroundings and audio input. It also uses picture and document library to access screenshots and screen recordings that you attach for sending as part of feedback.
You can sign into Feedback Hub using either your personal Microsoft account or an account provided by your organization (such as your employer or school) that you use to sign into Microsoft products. Signing in with your work or school account allows you to submit feedback to Microsoft in association with your organization. Any feedback you provide whether using your work or school account or personal Microsoft account may be publicly viewable depending on the settings configured by your organization’s administrators. Additionally, if feedback is provided using your work or school account, your feedback can be viewed through the Feedback Hub or via admin center by your organization’s administrators.
When you submit feedback to Microsoft about a problem or add more details to a problem, diagnostic data will be sent to Microsoft to improve Microsoft products and services. Depending on your Diagnostic data settings in the
Diagnostics & feedback
section of the Windows settings, Feedback Hub will either send diagnostic data automatically or you will have the option to send it to Microsoft at the time you provide feedback. Based on the category chosen when submitting feedback, there may be additional personal data collected that helps to further troubleshoot issues; for example, location related information when submitting feedback about location services or gaze related information when submitting feedback on Mixed Reality. Microsoft may also share your feedback along with the data collected when you submit your feedback with Microsoft partners (such as a device manufacturer, or firmware developer) to help them troubleshoot products and services that work with Windows and other Microsoft products and services.
Learn more about diagnostic data in Windows
.
Back to top
Get Help
Get Help enables Windows users to get technical support on Windows and other Microsoft applications.  It provides self-service support (such as links to help articles or directions on how Windows users can solve problems on their own), Diagnostics, and connecting the customer to a live Microsoft agent as appropriate. You can sign into the Get Help component with your Microsoft account to create a consumer support case.  Enterprise account users may also be permitted to create a customer support case depending on their organization’s support contract, and if enabled by their tenant administrator.
Get Help may suggest you run a Diagnostic. If you consent, diagnostic data is handled in accordance with the
Diagnostics
section.
If permitted by system settings, the system microphone may be used to capture the support question instead of your needing to type. You can control this in the “Microphone Privacy Settings” in the Windows Settings application. Get Help will also access your Application List to aid in opening the Feedback Hub to the correct app if you choose to start the feedback process within Get Help. All feedback will be entered and controlled by the Feedback Hub, as described in the Feedback Hub section of this Privacy Statement. Get Help does not use your location data as part of its services.
Back to top
Live captions
Live captions transcribe audio to help with the comprehension of spoken content. Live captions can generate captions from any audio containing speech, whether the audio is online, audio you have downloaded to your device, or audio received from your microphone. By default, transcribing microphone audio is disabled.
Voice data that is captioned is only processed on your device and is not shared to the cloud or with Microsoft.
Learn more about live captions
.
Back to top
Location services and recording
Windows location service
. Microsoft operates a location service that helps determine the precise geographic location of a specific Windows device. Depending on the capabilities of the device, the device’s location can be determined with varying degrees of accuracy and may in some cases be determined precisely. When you have enabled location on a Windows device, or you have given permission for Microsoft apps to access location information on non-Windows devices, data about cell towers and Wi-Fi access points and their locations is collected by Microsoft and added to the location database after removing any data identifying the person or device from which it was collected. This de-identified location information is used to improve Microsoft's location services.
Windows services and features, apps running on Windows, and websites opened in Windows browsers can access the device’s location through Windows if your settings allow them to do so. Some features and apps request location permission when you first install Windows, some ask the first time you use the app, and others ask every time you access the device’s location. For information about certain Windows apps that use the device’s location, see the
Windows apps
section of this privacy statement.
When an app or feature accesses the device’s location and you are signed in with a Microsoft account, your Windows device will also upload its location to the cloud where it is available across your devices to other apps or services that use your Microsoft account and for which you’ve granted permission. We will retain only the last known location (each new location replaces the previous one). Data about a Windows device's recent location history is also stored on the device even if not using a Microsoft account, and certain apps and Windows features can access this location history. You can clear your device's location history at any time in the Windows settings app.
In the Windows settings app, you can also view which apps have access to the device’s precise location or your device's location history, turn off or on access to the device’s location for particular apps, or turn off access to the device’s location. You can also set a default location, which will be used when the location service can’t detect a more exact location for your device.
There are some exceptions to how your device’s location can be determined that are not directly managed by the location settings.
Desktop apps are a specific type of app that won’t ask for separate permission to discover your device location information and won’t appear in the list that allows you to choose apps that can use your location. They can be downloaded from the Microsoft Store, downloaded from the internet, or installed with some type of media (such as a CD, DVD, or USB storage device). They’re opened using an .EXE, .MSI, or .DLL file, and they typically run on your device, unlike web-based apps (which run in the cloud).
Learn more about third-party desktop apps and how they may still be able to determine your device’s location when the device’s location setting is off
.
Some web-based experiences or third-party apps that surface on Windows could use other technologies (such as Bluetooth, Wi-Fi, cellular modem, etc.) or cloud-based location services to determine your device’s location with varying degrees of accuracy even when you’ve turned off the device location setting.
In addition, to facilitate getting help in an emergency, whenever you make an emergency call, Windows will attempt to determine and share your precise location, regardless of your location settings. If your device has a SIM card or is otherwise using cellular service, your mobile operator will have access to your device’s location.
Learn more about location in Windows
.
General Location
. If you turn on Location services, apps that cannot use your precise location may still have access to your general location, such as your city, postal code, or region.
Find my device
. The Find my device feature allows an administrator of a Windows device to find the location of that device from account.microsoft.com/devices. To enable Find my device, an administrator needs to be signed in with a Microsoft account and have the location setting enabled. This feature will work even if other users have denied access to location for all their apps. When the administrator attempts to locate the device, users will see a notification in the notification area.
Learn more about Find my device in Windows
.
Recording
. Some Windows devices have a recording feature that allows you to capture audio and video clips of your activity on the device, including your communications with others. If you choose to record a session, the recording will be saved locally on your device. In some cases, you may have the option to transmit the recording to a Microsoft product or service that broadcasts the recording publicly.
Important: You should understand your legal responsibilities before recording and/or transmitting any communication. This may include obtaining the prior consent of everyone participating in the conversation or any other authorizations as required.
Microsoft is not responsible for how you use recording features or your recordings.
Back to top
Narrator
Narrator is a built-in screen reader tool that helps you use Windows without a screen. Narrator offers intelligent image and page title description and web page summaries when you encounter undescribed images and ambiguous links.
When you choose to get an image description by pressing Narrator + Ctrl + D, the image will be sent to Microsoft to perform analysis of the image and generate a description. Images are used only to generate the description and are not stored by Microsoft.
When you choose to get page title descriptions by pressing Narrator + Ctrl + D, the URL of the site you are visiting will be sent to Microsoft to generate the page title description and to provide and improve Microsoft services, such as Bing services as described in the Bing section above.
When you choose to get a list of popular links for a web page by pressing Narrator + double press of S, the URL of the site you are visiting will be sent to Microsoft to generate the summary of popular links and to provide and improve Microsoft services, such as Bing.
You can disable these features at any time by going to
Narrator>Get image descriptions, page titles and popular links
in Settings in Windows.
You can also send feedback about Narrator to help Microsoft diagnose and resolve problems with Narrator and improve Microsoft products and services, such as Windows. Verbal feedback can be submitted at any time in Narrator by using Narrator Key + Alt + F. When you use this command, the Feedback Hub app will launch, giving you the opportunity to submit verbal feedback. If you enable the setting “Help Make Narrator Better” in the Windows settings app and submit verbal feedback through Feedback Hub, recent device and usage data, including event trace log (ETL) data, will be submitted along with your verbal feedback to improve Microsoft products and services, such as Windows.
Back to top
Phone Link - Link to Windows
The Phone Link feature lets you link your Android phone with your Microsoft Account and your iPhone via Bluetooth to connect to your Windows PC. Your Android device will link with your Microsoft Account and your iPhone will link via Bluetooth, enabling a variety of cross-device experiences across all your Windows devices where you are signed in or connected via Bluetooth. You can use Phone Link to see recent photos from your Android phone on your Windows device; make and receive live calls from your Android phone on your Windows device; view and send text messages from your Windows device; view, dismiss, or perform other actions to your Android phone notifications from your Windows device; share your phone screen on your Windows device through Phone Link’s mirroring function; and instantly access Android apps installed on your Android phone on your Windows device. You can use Phone Link to make and receive calls from your iPhone, view and send text messages, and view, dismiss, or perform other actions on your iPhone notification from your Windows device.
To use Phone Link, Link to Windows must be installed on your Android device. You may also optionally download Phone Link to your iPhone.
To use Phone Link, you must log into your Microsoft account on the Phone Link feature on your Windows device and on Link to Windows on your Android phone or Bluetooth enabled on your iPhone. Your Android phone and your Windows device must be connected to the internet. Some features will require you to enable Bluetooth and pair your phone with your PC. To use the Calls feature, your Android phone must also have Bluetooth enabled.
During setting up your Windows device, you can choose to link your phone with your Microsoft account. This is done by signing into Link to Windows on your Android phone, granting permissions and completing the onboarding experience. Once complete, Link to Windows will sync your data to all your Windows PCs where you have signed into your Microsoft account. See below for details on how your data is used.
As part of providing Phone Link’s features to you, Microsoft collects performance, usage, and device data that includes, for example, the hardware capabilities of your mobile phone and Windows device, the number and duration of your sessions on Phone Link, and the amount of time you spent during setup.
You can unlink your Android phone from your Windows device at any time by going into your Phone Link settings and choosing to remove your Android phone. You can do the same from the settings in Link to Windows on your Android phone. For detailed information, see
our support page
.
You can unlink your iPhone from your Windows device at any time by going into Phone Link settings and choosing to remove your iPhone. You can do the same from your iPhone by going into
Settings > Bluetooth > Selecting your PC name > click on the (i) icon >
and choosing
Forget This Device
. All users can remove the Bluetooth pairing by disabling the experiences.
Text Messages – Android devices.
Phone Link allows you to view text messages delivered to your Android phone on your Windows device and send text messages from your Windows device. Only text messages received and sent within the last 30 days are visible on your Windows device. These text messages are temporarily stored on your Windows device. We never store your text messages on our servers or change or delete any text messages on your Android phone. You can see messages sent via SMS (Short Message Service), MMS (Multimedia Messaging Service) on Android devices, and messages sent via RCS (Rich Communication Services) on select Samsung devices on select mobile operator networks. To provide this functionality, Phone Link accesses the content of your text messages and the contact information of the individuals or businesses from whom you are receiving or sending text messages.
Text Messages – iPhones.
Phone Link allows you to view text messages delivered to your iPhone on your Windows devices and send text messages from your Windows device. Only text messages received and sent within your Bluetooth session or iMessage are visible on your Windows devices. These text messages are temporarily stored on your Windows device. We never store your text messages on our servers or change or delete any text messages on your iPhone. You can see messages sent via SMS (Short Message Service). To provide this functionality, Phone Link accesses the content of your text messages and the contact information of the individuals or businesses from whom you are receiving or sending text messages.
Calls – Android devices.
Phone Link allows you to make and receive calls from your Android phone on your Windows device. Through Phone Link, you can also view your recent calls on your Windows device. To activate this feature, you must enable certain permissions on both your Windows device and Android phone, such as call logs access and permission to make phone calls from your PC. These permissions can be revoked at any time under the Phone Link Settings page on your Windows device and your Android phone's settings. Only calls received and dialed within the last 30 days are visible under call logs on your Windows device. These call details are temporarily stored on your Windows device. We do not change or delete your call history on your Android phone.
Calls – iPhones.
Phone Link allows you to make and receive calls from your iPhone on your Windows device. Through Phone Link, you can also view your recent calls on your Windows device. To activate this feature, you must enable Sync Contacts feature under Bluetooth settings on your iPhone. These call details are temporarily stored on your Windows device. We do not change or delete your call history on your iPhone.
Photos – Android devices.
Phone Link allows you to copy, share, edit, save, or delete photos from your Android phone on your Windows device. Only a limited number of your most recent photos from the Camera Roll and Screenshots folders on your Android phone will be visible on your Windows device at any given time. These photos are temporarily stored on your Windows device and as you take more photos on your Android phone, we remove the temporary copies of the older photos from your Windows device. We never store your photos on our servers or change or delete any photos on your Android phone.
Notifications – Android devices.
Phone Link allows you to view your Android phone’s notifications on your Windows device. Through Phone Link, you can read and dismiss your Android phone’s notifications from your Windows device or perform other actions related to the notifications. To activate this Phone Link feature, you must enable certain permissions, such as sync notifications, on both your Windows device and Android phone. These permissions can be revoked at any time under the Phone Link Settings page on your Windows device and your Android phone’s settings. For detailed information, see
our support page
.
Notifications – iPhones.
Phone Link allows you to view your iPhone’s notifications on your Windows device. Through Phone Link, you can read and dismiss your iPhone’s notifications from your Windows device or perform other actions related to the notifications. To activate this Phone Link feature, you must enable certain permissions such as sync notifications, on both your Windows device and iPhone. These permissions can be revoked at any time under the Phone Link Settings page on your Windows device and your iPhone’s Bluetooth settings.
Phone Screen Mirroring – Android devices.
On supported devices
, Phone Link allows you to view your Android phone’s screen on your Windows device. Your Android phone screen will be visible on your Windows device as a pixel stream and any audio that you enable on your Android phone screen while it is linked to your Windows device through Phone Link will play through your Android phone.
Apps mirroring – Android devices.
On supported devices, Phone Link allows you to use your Android apps that are installed on your Android phone on your Windows device. For example, you can launch a music app in your Windows session and listen to audio from that app on your PC speakers. Microsoft collects a list of your installed Android apps and recent activity to provide the service and show you your most recently used apps. Microsoft does not store what apps you have installed or any of the information displayed by the app in your experience with it.
Content transfer – Android devices.
On supported devices, Phone Link allows you to copy and paste contents such as files, documents, photos, etc. between your Android phone and your Windows device. You can transfer content from your Android phone to your Windows device and from your Windows device to your Android phone by drag and drop contents between the devices.
Instant Hotspot – Android devices.
On supported devices, Link to Windows enables users to share mobile hotspot information with their paired PC over secure Bluetooth communication. Your PC can then be connected to the internet through the Windows network flyout. Please note mobile data charges may apply depending on the mobile data plan you have.
Contacts sync – Android devices.
Link to Windows allows you to sync your Android contacts into the Microsoft cloud to access them in other Microsoft products and services. You can enable this feature by going into Link to Windows settings and enabling “Contacts sync” feature. Your contacts information is stored online and associated with your Microsoft account. You may choose to disable sync and delete these contacts at any time.
Learn more
.
Contacts sync – iPhone.
Phone Link allows you to sync your contacts from your iPhone to access them for messaging and calling. You can enable this feature by going into Bluetooth settings on your iPhone and toggle on Sync Contacts under your PC name after connecting your iPhone to Phone Link. You may choose to disable syncing at any time by toggling off Sync Contacts.
Text-to-voice.
Phone Link features include accessibility functionality such as text-to-voice. You can activate a text-to-voice feature, which allows you to hear the contents of a text message or notification as audio. If you activate this feature, your text messages and notifications will be read out loud as they are received.
Office Enterprise – Android Devices.
Link to Windows allows you to insert photos into web and desktop versions of select Microsoft 365 apps, such as PowerPoint, Excel, and Word directly from your mobile phone. This requires your IT Administrator to have enabled Optional Connected Experiences for Microsoft Office applications and you will need to associate your mobile device with your work or school account and provide Photos permission to your account. After onboarding, your session will last 15 minutes to enable you to transfer your Photos from your mobile device. To use this feature again, you will need to scan your QR code. Link to Windows does not collect your work or school account information or information about your Enterprise. In order to provide this service, Microsoft uses a cloud service to relay your files for the purpose of inserting the photos into web and desktop version of select Microsoft 365 apps, such as PowerPoint, Excel, and Word files.
Back to top
Cross-device experiences
Cross-device experiences in Windows allow you to access your mobile device from your PC using your Microsoft Account. These can be managed under “Mobile Devices” in the Bluetooth & Devices section in your Windows PC Settings. As part of providing these features, Microsoft collects performance usage and device data, including information about the hardware capabilities of your mobile and Windows devices. You can turn this feature on or off at any time in your Windows PC Settings.
Use your mobile device as a connected camera.
This feature allows you to use your mobile device’s camera in apps or products on Windows that support camera functionality. You can enable this feature under “Mobile Devices” in the Bluetooth & Devices section in the Settings on your PC. Microsoft does not record or store your camera sessions or any of the information displayed by your camera in any of the applications or products.
Get new photo notifications from your mobile device.
This feature allows you to receive notifications from your linked mobile device on your Windows PC. These photos are temporarily stored on your Windows PC while you are editing or opening those photos. You will need to initiate saving to your PC to store those photos until you decide to delete them. We never store your photos on our servers or change or delete any photos on your mobile device.
Show your mobile device in File Explorer
. This feature allows you to access your mobile device’s files in File Explorer. You can enable this feature under “Mobile Devices” in the Bluetooth & Devices section in the Settings on your PC. Microsoft will not store your file contents in its services.
Back to top
Security and safety features
Device encryption
. Device encryption helps protect the data stored on your device by encrypting it using BitLocker Drive Encryption technology. When device encryption is on, Windows automatically encrypts the drive Windows is installed on and generates a recovery key. The BitLocker recovery key for your personal device is automatically backed up online in your personal Microsoft OneDrive account. Microsoft doesn't use your individual recovery keys for any purpose.
Malicious Software Removal Tool
. The Malicious Software Removal Tool (MSRT) runs on your device at least once per month as part of Windows Update. MSRT checks devices for infections by specific, prevalent malicious software ("malware") and helps remove any infections found. When the MSRT runs, it will remove the malware listed on the Microsoft Support website if the malware is on your device. During a malware check, a report will be sent to Microsoft with specific data about malware detected, errors, and other data about your device. If you do not want MSRT to send this data to Microsoft, you can disable MSRT's reporting component.
Microsoft Family
. Parents can use Microsoft Family Safety to understand and set boundaries on how their child is using their device. Please carefully review the information at
Microsoft Family Safety
if choosing to create or join a family group. If you live in a region that requires permission to create an account to access Microsoft services, you may be prompted to request or give parental consent. If a user is under the statutory age in your region, during the registration process they will be prompted to request consent from a parent or guardian by entering an adult’s email. When Family activity reporting is turned on for a child, Microsoft will collect details about how the child uses their device and provide parents with reports of that child's activities. Activity reports are routinely deleted from Microsoft servers.
Microsoft Defender SmartScreen and Smart App Control
. Microsoft strives to help protect your device and passwords from unsafe apps, files, and web content.
Microsoft Defender SmartScreen helps protect you when using our services by identifying threats to you, your device, and your passwords. These threats might include potentially unsafe apps or web content that Microsoft Defender SmartScreen discovers while checking websites you visit, files you download, and apps you install and run. When Microsoft Defender SmartScreen checks web and app content, data about the content and your device is sent to Microsoft, including the full web address of the content. When additional analysis is needed to identify security threats, information about the suspicious website or app—such as content displayed, sounds played, and application memory—may be sent to Microsoft. This data will only be used for security purposes in detecting, protecting against, and responding to security incidents, identity theft, fraud, or other malicious, deceptive, or illegal activities. If Microsoft Defender SmartScreen detects that content is potentially unsafe, you will see a warning in place of the content. Microsoft Defender SmartScreen can be turned on or off in the Windows Security app.
Where supported, Smart App Control helps check software that is installed and runs on your device to determine if it is malicious, potentially unwanted, or poses other threats to you and your device. On a supported device, Smart App Control starts in evaluation mode and the data we collect for Microsoft Defender SmartScreen such as file name, a hash of the file’s contents, the download location, and the file’s digital certificates, is used to help determine whether your device is a good candidate to use Smart App Control for additional security protection. Smart App Control is not enabled and will not block during evaluation mode. Some devices may not be good candidates if Smart App Control would otherwise get in the way and interfere with a user’s otherwise intended and legitimate tasks – for instance, developers who use a lot of unsigned files. If you are a good candidate for Smart App Control, then it will automatically be turned on, and will provide additional protection to your device beyond Microsoft Defender SmartScreen. Otherwise, Smart App Control will be unavailable and permanently turned off. If your device is unsupported or not a good candidate for Smart App Control, Microsoft Defender SmartScreen will continue to help protect your device. When Smart App Control is enabled and identifies an app as malicious, potentially unwanted, or unknown and unsigned, it will block and notify you prior to opening, running, or installing the app.
Learn more about Smart App Control
.
When either Microsoft Defender SmartScreen or Smart App Control checks a file, data about that file is sent to Microsoft, including the file name, a hash of the file’s contents, the download location, and the file’s digital certificates.
Smart App Control can be turned on or off in the Windows Security app.
Microsoft Defender Antivirus
. Microsoft Defender Antivirus looks for malware and other unwanted software, potentially unwanted apps, and other malicious content on your device. Microsoft Defender Antivirus is automatically turned on to help protect your device if no other antimalware software is actively protecting your device. If Microsoft Defender Antivirus is turned on, it will monitor the security status of your device. When Microsoft Defender Antivirus is turned on, or is running because Limited Periodic Scanning is enabled, it will automatically send reports to Microsoft that contain data about suspected malware and other unwanted software, potentially unwanted apps, and other malicious content, and it may also send files that could contain malicious content, such as malware or unknown files for further inspection. If a report is likely to contain personal data, the report is not sent automatically, and you'll be prompted before it is sent. You can configure Microsoft Defender Antivirus not to send reports and suspected malware to Microsoft.
Back to top
Speech, Voice Activation, Inking, and Typing
Speech
. Microsoft provides both a device-based speech recognition feature and cloud-based (online) speech recognition technologies.
Turning on the Online speech recognition setting lets apps use Microsoft cloud-based speech recognition. Additionally, in Windows 10, the Online speech recognition setting enables your ability to use dictation within Windows.
Turning on speech while setting up a HoloLens device or installing Windows Mixed Reality allows you to use your voice for commands, dictation, and app interactions. Both device-based speech recognition and online speech recognition settings will be enabled. With both settings enabled, while your headset is turned on the device will always be listening to your voice input and will send your voice data to Microsoft’s cloud-based speech recognition technologies.
When you use cloud-based speech recognition technologies from Microsoft, whether enabled by the Online speech recognition setting or when you interact with HoloLens or voice typing, Microsoft collects and uses your voice recordings to provide the speech recognition service by creating a text transcription of the spoken words in the voice data. Microsoft will not store, sample, or listen to your voice recordings without your permission. To learn more about how Microsoft manages your voice data, see
Speech recognition technologies
.
You can use device-based speech recognition without sending your voice data to Microsoft. However, Microsoft cloud-based speech recognition technologies provide more accurate recognition than the device-based speech recognition. When the online speech recognition setting is turned off, speech services that do not rely on the cloud and only use device-based recognition—like live captions, Narrator, or voice access—will still work and Microsoft won’t collect any voice data.
You can turn off online speech recognition at any time. This will stop any apps that rely on the Online speech recognition setting from sending your voice data to Microsoft. If you are using a HoloLens or Windows Mixed Reality headset, you can also turn off device-based speech recognition at any time. This will stop the device from listening for your voice input.
Learn more about speech recognition in Windows
.
Voice Activation
. Windows provides supported apps with the ability to respond and take action based on voice keywords that are specific to that app.
If you’ve given permission for an app to listen for voice keywords, Windows will be actively listening to the microphone for these keywords. Once a keyword is recognized, the app will have access to your voice recording, can process the recording, take action, and respond, such as with a spoken answer. The app may send the voice recording to its own services in the cloud to process the commands. Each app should ask you for permission before accessing voice recordings.
Additionally, voice activation can be enabled when the device is locked. If enabled, the relevant app will continue listening to the microphone for voice keywords when you have locked your device and can activate for anyone who speaks near the device. When the device is locked, the app will have access to the same set of capabilities and information as when the device is unlocked.
You can turn off voice activation at any time.
Learn more about voice activation in Windows
.
Even when you’ve turned off voice activation, some third-party desktop apps and services could still be listening to the microphone and collect your voice input.
Learn more about third-party desktop apps and how they may still be able to access your microphone even with these settings turned off
.
Voice typing
. In Windows 11, dictation has been updated and renamed as voice typing. Voice typing may use both device-based and online speech recognition technologies to power its speech-to-text transcription service. You can also choose to contribute voice clips to help improve voice typing. If you choose not to contribute voice clips, you can still use voice typing. You can change your selection anytime in the voice typing settings. Microsoft will not store, sample, or listen to your voice recordings without your permission.
Learn more about Microsoft and your voice data
.
Voice access
. Windows enables everyone, including people with mobility disabilities, to control their PC and author text using their voice. For example, voice access supports scenarios like opening and switching between apps, browsing the web, and reading and authoring mail. Voice access leverages modern, on-device speech recognition to accurately recognize speech and is supported without an internet connection. When a user invokes voice access it uses the device microphone.
Learn more about voice access
.
Inking & Typing Personalization
. Your typed and handwritten words are collected to provide you with a custom word list, better character recognition to help you type and write on your device, and text suggestions that appear as you type or write.
You can turn off inking & typing personalization at any time. This will delete your customer word list stored on your device. If you turn it back on, you’ll need to recreate your custom word list.
Learn more about inking & typing personalization in Windows
.
Back to top
Sync and backup settings
When you sign into Windows with your Microsoft account, Windows can store your settings, files, and device configuration data in Microsoft’s servers. Windows will only use the stored settings, files, and device configuration data to make it easier for you to migrate your experience on a different device.
You can turn off this feature and stop Windows from storing your settings, files, and configuration data from the Windows settings. You can delete the data that has been backed up previously to your Microsoft account, by visiting
your Microsoft Account Devices page
.
Learn more about Windows backup and sync settings
.
Back to top
Update Services
Update Services for Windows includes Windows Update and Microsoft Update. Windows Update is a service that provides you with software updates for Windows software and other supporting software, such as drivers and firmware supplied by device manufacturers. Microsoft Update is a service that provides you with software updates for other Microsoft software such as Microsoft 365.
Windows Update automatically downloads Windows software updates to your device. You can configure Windows Update to automatically install these updates as they become available (recommended) or have Windows notify you when a restart is required to finish installing updates. Apps available through the Microsoft Store are automatically updated through the Microsoft Store, as described in the
Microsoft Store
section of this privacy statement.
Back to top
Web browsers—Microsoft Edge Legacy and Internet Explorer
This section applies to legacy versions of Microsoft Edge (versions 44 and below). See the
Microsoft Edge
section of the Privacy Statement for information about non-legacy versions of Microsoft Edge.
Microsoft Edge is the default web browser for Windows. Internet Explorer, the legacy browser from Microsoft, is also available in Windows. Whenever you use a web browser to access the internet, data about your device ("standard device data") is sent to the websites you visit and online services you use. Standard device data includes your device's IP address, browser type and language, access times, and referring website addresses. This data might be logged on those websites' web servers. Which data is logged and how that data is used depends on the privacy practices of the websites you visit and web services you use. Additionally, Microsoft Edge sends a unique browser ID to certain websites to enable us to develop aggregate data used to improve browser features and services.
Additionally, data about how you use your browser, such as your browsing history, web form data, temporary internet files, and cookies, is stored on your device. You can delete this data from your device using Delete Browsing History.
Microsoft Edge allows you to capture and save content on your device, such as:
Web note
. Allows you to create ink and text annotations on the webpages you visit, and clip, save, or share them.
Active reading
. Allows you to create and manage reading lists, including websites or documents.
Hub
. Allows you to easily manage your reading lists, favorites, downloads, and history all in one area.
Website Pin to Taskbar
. Allows you to pin your favorite websites to the Windows taskbar. Websites will be able to see which of their webpages you have pinned, so they can provide you a notification badge letting you know there is something new for you to check out on their websites.
Some Microsoft browser information saved on your device will be synced across other devices when you sign in with your Microsoft account so you can access your data on all your signed-in browsers across your devices. For instance, in Internet Explorer, this information includes your browsing history and favorites; and in Microsoft Edge, it includes your favorites, reading lists, autofill form entries (such as your name, address, and phone number), and may include data for extensions that you have installed. As an example, if you sync your Microsoft Edge reading list across devices, copies of the content you choose to save to your reading list will be sent to each synced device for later viewing. You can disable syncing in Internet Explorer by going to
Start
>
Settings
>
Accounts
>
Sync your settings
. (For more information, see the
Sync settings
section of this privacy statement.) You can also disable syncing of Microsoft Edge browser information by turning off the sync option in Microsoft Edge Settings.
Microsoft Edge and Internet Explorer use your search queries and browsing history to provide you with faster browsing and more relevant search results. These features include:
Search suggestions
in Internet Explorer automatically sends the information you type into the browser address bar to your default search provider (such as Bing) to offer search recommendations as you type each character.
Search and site suggestions
in Microsoft Edge automatically sends the information you type into the browser address bar to Bing (even if you have selected another default search provider) to offer search recommendations as you type each character.
You can turn off these features at any time. In order to provide search results, Microsoft Edge and Internet Explorer send your search queries, standard device information, and location (if you have location enabled) to your default search provider when the app is used. If Bing is your default search provider, we use this data as described in the
Bing
section of this privacy statement.
Back to top
Windows AI Features
Click to Do
Click to Do can run in partnership with Recall or as a stand-alone feature. Once started, you can use Click to Do to capture and analyze screenshots and identify the presence of text and images, then allowing you to take relevant actions for each. For instance, Click to Do can give you options to edit a screenshot image, or revise or rework text that it captures. Click to Do is unable to identify the content of the text or images identified within a screenshot, but you can use local AI and other tools to modify the content if you wish. Everything remains on your local device unless you make an explicit choice, like sending an image off to Bing for a search, asking Click to Do to provide a summary of text the user has selected (in which case it will be sent to Microsoft’s Azure AI cloud service), or using another local AI or other tool to modify a Click to Do screenshot.
Click to Do also allows you to use your microphone to search for text within a capture screenshot. When you click on the microphone button, Click to Do starts listening to what’s said, which is entered into the Search box, and will highlight all the matches from the search. The audio captured by the microphone is not transmitted off your device.
Windows Recall
Recall is a Windows feature only available in CoPilot+ PCs that allows users to find things they've seen on their device using the text and visual clues they remember. To use Recall, a user must opt-in to save snapshots on their Copilot+ PC, which are images of everything open and visible on the user’s screen and include associated metadata such as the app name and time-date stamp. All data is stored locally on the device and is protected with Windows Hello Enhanced Sign-in Security (ESS), which provides more secure biometric sign-ins and helps ensure only the customer can have access to their information. Every time a user launches Recall they will be asked to authenticate using Windows Hello biometric sign-in or PIN before the contents of the snapshot folder will decrypt. Click to Do runs on top of snapshots in Recall and helps the user get things done faster by allowing them to take actions with their content, either images or text, on the screen. The analysis of snapshots is always performed locally on the device and the actions available to take change based on what kind of content is detected.
Recall also allows you to use your Copilot+ PC device microphone as a way to search for text within captured snapshots. When you click on the microphone button located inside the Search input box within the Recall window, it starts listening to what’s said and enters it into the Search box. The microphone remains in use until you pause your speech, at which point it is turned off until you explicitly press the microphone button again. All the matches from the search will be highlighted in the results. The audio captured by the microphone is not transmitted off your device.
Data captured by Recall including personal data (e.g., snapshots, metadata, processing results, and user queries) remain local to the device within your signed-in account on the Copilot+ PC, and is not transmitted off the device unless you take certain action. For example, if you copy and paste a snapshot into another app, or choose to include a snapshot when submitting feedback through the Windows Feedback Hub. The only way Recall content can be shared with anyone is by explicit on-device action taken by the user.
You can control your content (such as Snapshots, metadata, search queries, and history) by pausing or deleting snapshots, filtering content, or using a supported browser in privacy mode. Learn more about your privacy and control over your Recall experience
here
.
In addition to the Recall search feature, Recall also has a timeline, in which your snapshots are organized chronologically and visualized in a horizontal scrollbar that you can use to find and leverage your past activities on your PC. In addition to the features available within the timeline, you can delete snapshots from this view, either individually or by all snapshots containing a website domain (e.g., all from www.bing.com) or those from a specific app.
Recall also has a Sensitive Content filter that is on by default to help prevent the retention of information that might be more delicate in nature (e.g., credit card numbers, state issued ID numbers, etc.). Users can turn this filter off if they wish in Windows Settings.
Back to top
Windows apps
A number of Microsoft apps are included with Windows and others are available in Microsoft Store. Some of those apps include:
Maps app
. The Maps app provides location-based services and uses Bing services to process your searches within the Maps app. When the Maps app has access to your location, and you have enabled location-based services in Windows, when you use the “@” key to initiate a search in supported text boxes in Windows apps, Bing services collects the text you type after the “@” key to provide location-based suggestions. To learn more about these Bing-powered experiences, see the
Bing
section of this privacy statement. When the Maps app has access to your location, even when the app is not in use, Microsoft may collect de-identified location data from your device to improve Microsoft services. You can disable the Maps app's access to your location by turning off the location service or turning off the Maps app's access to the location service.
You can keep track of your favorite places and recent map searches in the Maps app. Your favorite places and search history will be included as search suggestions. If you grant the Maps app access to your camera, you’ll be able to capture the location of where your photos took place – for instance, a photo of your car will also tell you where your car is parked. You can also share your location with other people in your contacts. If you're signed in with your Microsoft account, your favorite places, search history, and certain app settings will be synced across other devices and services. For more information, see the
Sync and backup settings
section of this privacy statement.
Camera app
. If you allow the Camera app to use your location, location data is embedded in the photos and videos you take with your device. Other descriptive data, such as camera model and the date that the picture or video was taken, is also embedded in photos and videos. If you choose to share a photo or video, any embedded data will be accessible to the people and services you share with. Once enabled, you can always disable the Camera app's access to your location by turning off all access to the location service in your device's Settings menu or turning off the Camera app's access to the location service.
When the Camera app is open, it shows rectangles detected by the selected camera for areas in the image that are potentially used for image enhancement. The Camera app does not retain any image enhancing data. You can always change your camera access settings in the Windows Settings menu. The Camera app uses various device capabilities such as location, camera, microphone, video, and picture library. Please visit
Microsoft Store
to learn more.
Photos app
. There are two versions of the Photos app available. The updated Photos app includes features like iCloud integration and local and cloud folder views. The previous legacy version of the Photos app includes features like Video Editor, the People tab, and Albums. You are using the updated Photos app if the “About” section in the Photos app settings indicates the app is the “Updated” Photos app. In some cases, a user may have both the updated Photos app and the Photos legacy version downloaded on their device.
The updated Photos app helps you organize, view, and share your photos and videos. For example, the Photos app presents different ways to group photos and videos by name, date taken, or date modified, and also in folders where those files are stored, such as stored locally on your device or synced to your device from OneDrive, iCloud, and other cloud services. The app also allows you to move, copy or upload files to different locations on your computer or to OneDrive. The All Photos tab displays your locally stored or synced photos and videos according to the date they are taken. The Favorites tab lets you view photos and videos you previously liked or favorited. The Folders tab allows you to view photos or videos by their storage location. There are also tabs where you can see your photos and videos from available cloud services (such as OneDrive and other third-party services) that you have synced to your device.
The Photos legacy app also helps you organize, view, and share your photos and videos. However, if you are using the Photos legacy app, you may see other features that are not available in the newer version of the Photos app, including Collections, Albums, Video Editor and the People setting. The Collection tab displays photos and videos according to the date they are taken. The Albums tab helps you organize your photos and videos by location and common tags. The Video Editor allows you to edit, create, and share videos.
The People setting can be enabled on the Photos legacy app's Settings page and in the People tab of the app. When enabled, the Photos legacy app will use face grouping technology to organize your photos and videos into groups. The grouping feature can detect faces in a photo or video and determine whether they are visually similar to faces in other photos and videos in your local photo collection. You can choose to associate a facial grouping with a contact from your People app.
When enabled in the Photos legacy app, your groupings will be stored on your device for as long as you choose to keep the groupings or the photos or videos. If the People setting is turned on, there will be a prompt to allow the Photos legacy app to continue to permit facial groupings after three years of non-interaction with the Photos legacy app. At any time, you can go to the Settings page in the Photos legacy app to turn the People setting on or off. Turning the feature off will remove facial grouping data from the Photos legacy app but will not remove your photos or videos.
Learn more about the Photos legacy app and facial grouping
.
If you choose to share a photo or video using the Photos app or the Photos legacy app, any embedded data (such as location, camera model, and date) will be accessible to the people and services you share the photo or video with.
People app
. The People app lets you see and interact with all your contacts in one place. When you add an account to the People app, your contacts from your account will be automatically added to the People app. You can add other accounts to the People app, including your social networks (such as Facebook and Twitter) and email accounts. When you add an account, we tell you what data the People app can import or sync with the particular service and let you choose what you want to add. Other apps you install may also sync data to the People app, including providing additional details to existing contacts. When you view a contact in the People app, information about your recent interactions with the contact (such as emails and calendar events, including from apps that the People app syncs data from) will be retrieved and displayed to you. You can remove an account from the People app at any time.
Mail and Calendar app
. The Mail and Calendar app allows you to connect all your email, calendars, and files in one place, including those from third-party email and file storage providers. The app provides location-based services, such as weather information in your calendar, but you can disable the app’s use of your location. When you add an account to the Mail and Calendar app, your email, calendar items, files, contacts, and other settings from your account will automatically sync to your device and to Microsoft servers. At any time, you can remove an account or make changes to the data that’s synced from your account. To configure an account, you must provide the app with the account credentials (such as user name and password), which will be sent over the internet to the third-party provider’s server. The app will first attempt to use a secure (SSL) connection to configure your account but will send this information unencrypted if your email provider does not support SSL. If you add an account provided by an organization (such as a company email address), the owner of the organizational domain can implement certain policies and controls (for example, multi-factor authentication or the ability to remotely wipe data from your device) that may affect your use of the app. This app uses your device capabilities such as location, camera. Please visit
Microsoft Store
to learn more.
Windows Operator Messages (previously Microsoft Messaging) app
. The Windows Operator Messages app receives and shows account-related SMS texts from your mobile operator about your data plan (such as your billing and data limits) on your PC or device. These messages are stored locally on your device. From your device, you can also access, view, and delete these messages. This app uses your device capabilities such as Contacts. Please visit Microsoft Store on Windows to learn more.
The Clock app
is your hub for time management and focus on Windows. When users sign in with their Microsoft account they can enable Microsoft To Do which is a cloud connected experience. When the user turns on Focus Session, session data is stored locally and user can clear it by going to the clock settings page. Additionally, Focus Sessions supports connecting to Spotify accounts to listen to ambient audio to help users focus. Visit
Microsoft Store
to learn more.
Microsoft Journal
is a Windows application specifically designed for touch-focused, pen-capable devices such as tablets and 2-in-1 devices. It provides users with freeform personal note-taking experience. The app leverages artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning to better recognize your handwriting that processes data locally on your device. When connected to Microsoft 365 (subscription required), users can seamlessly access their M365 calendar and contacts within the app. All user created content is automatically saved at the default save location in the document library for future reference. Journal lets you access photos library and the device camera and microphone so that you can add them to a workbook. Learn about Journal app
here
or visit
Microsoft Store
to learn more.
The
Mobile plans
app helps you get online easily and in more places on your Windows 10 PC and 11 LTE devices. Upon signing up for a data plan on your device, it establishes a connection with the mobile operator, enabling you to complete purchases through the mobile operator’s online portal. You will need a supported SIM card in order to use this app. The Mobile Plan App will use your IMEI, IMSI, EID, ICCID, and Country (coarse location determined by Cellular Network ID or Wi-Fi Reverse IP) to determine which mobile operators are available in your area. The mobile operator may send notifications to users through the Mobile Plans App. This app uses your device’s capabilities such as its camera and microphone. Visit
Microsoft Store
to learn more.
Microsoft PC Manager
is available in select regions and is a desktop tool aimed at boosting your PC’s performance. Based on your request, PC Manager will scan your device, and allows you to delete unneeded or temporary documents, optimize cache, stop or recover from unauthorized changes, or use other features such as health check, one-click boost, storage clean-up, file and pop-up management, and protection of your default settings.
PC Manager will block pop-ups based on ad-block rules and the pop-up windows selected by you through custom block. If you agree to join the “Microsoft PC Manager Pop-up Plan,” when you block pop-up windows through custom block, you can help us optimize the pop-up management feature of Microsoft PC Manager by taking screenshots of the pop-up and sending them to Microsoft. Microsoft does not collect information other than screenshots, Windows title, and the class of Windows. Screenshots sent are only retained for a short period of time and regularly deleted. You can manage your Pop-Up Plan preferences through the PC Manager settings at anytime. The feedback feature in PC Manager may also process personal data if you include it in the feedback you provide to Microsoft. The feedback from users is regularly deleted after processing. Visit
Microsoft Store
to learn more.
The
Snipping Tool
is a handy utility in Windows that uses your microphone and pictures library to capture and store screenshots and screen recordings. The Snipping Tool includes a Text Action feature, which uses built-in optical character recognition (OCR) support. You can select and copy text directly from images using OCR. Additionally, you can use the Text Action feature to redact sensitive information from captured text. With clipboard integration items copied from the Snipping Tool are also copied to your clipboard. If you enable clipboard history across devices, the copied content can be used seamlessly across different devices. Users can manage their clipboard and snipping preferences through the Windows settings. Visit
Microsoft Store
to learn more.
The
Sound Recorder app
is a versatile tool designed for capturing audio via your microphone in various scenarios. While recording, you can mark key moments to easily locate important sections later. You can also trim, adjust volume levels, or apply other modifications as needed, and playback your recordings. Your recordings are autosaved and stored in your Documents folder for easy access, and you can share your recorded audio with friends and family. Visit
Microsoft Store
to learn more.
Microsoft Clipchamp
is a video editor designed to make video creation easy. It allows users to combine videos, images, and audio files, as well as add text and effects, and then save the finished video to their device, or store their videos in their personal OneDrive via their Microsoft account. Users can also add stock videos and stock music or sound effects, stickers, graphical elements, backgrounds, and more. Users can choose to allow Clipchamp to access their camera and microphone to record videos directly from their device. To provide a better experience, such as which language to display to you, Clipchamp will collect your imprecise location. Users can access Clipchamp with a personal or family Microsoft account via the Clipchamp app for Windows 10 or Windows 11 and in the Edge or Chrome browser at
https://app.clipchamp.com
.
Media Player
is the default built-in player of multimedia (audio and video) files. When you choose to open a multimedia file, Media Player will read the contents of that file. When you open Media Player, it will read the contents of your Music library and Video library folders to populate its own Music library and Video library pages inside the Media Player to help you organize, view, and play multimedia content.
To enrich your experience when playing music, Media Player will automatically attempt to display artist art and album art for the content you play and the content in your music library. To provide this information, Media Player sends an information request to Microsoft containing standard device data, such as your device IP address, device software version, your regional and language settings, and an identifier for the content. If desired, this feature can be disabled on the app’s Settings page.
Movies and TV.
Microsoft Movies & TV allows you to rent or buy movies and TV episodes, and play them on your device.
To help you discover content that may interest you, Movies & TV will collect data about what movies and TV shows you watch, including the length of play and any ratings you give.
Movies & TV can also display and play local video files stored on your PC. To do this, it needs access to the video library on your device.
Windows Media Player Legacy.
When you use Windows Media Player Legacy, it can read media content such as video, audio, and picture files which allows you to play CDs and other digital content (such as video and audio files), rip CDs, and manage your media library. To enrich your experience when you play content in your library, Windows Media Player Legacy displays related media information, such as album title, song titles, album art, artist, and composer. To augment your media information, Windows Media Player Legacy will send a request to Microsoft which contains standard computer information, an identifier for the media content, and the media information already contained in your Windows Media Player Legacy library (including information you may have edited or entered yourself) so that Microsoft can recognize the track and then return additional information that is available.
Windows Media Player Legacy also allows you to play back content that is streamed to you over a network. To provide this service, it is necessary for Windows Media Player Legacy to communicate with a streaming media server. These servers are typically operated by non-Microsoft content providers. During playback of streaming media, Windows Media Player Legacy will send a log to the streaming media server or other web server(s) if the streaming media server requests it. The log includes such details as: connection time, IP address, operating system version, Windows Media Player Legacy version, Player identification number (Player ID), date, and protocol. To protect your privacy, Windows Media Player Legacy defaults to sending a Player ID that is different for each session.
Back to top
Windows Hello
Windows Hello provides instant access to your devices through biometric authentication. If you turn it on, Windows Hello uses your face, fingerprint, or iris to identify you based on a set of unique points or features that are extracted from the image and stored on your device as a template—but it does not store the actual image of your face, fingerprint, or iris. Biometric verification data that's used when you sign in doesn't leave your device. Your biometric verification data will remain on your device until you remove it. However, after a significant period of Windows Hello inactivity, you will be prompted to confirm that you want to continue to store your biometric verification data. You can delete your biometric verification data from within Settings. Learn more about
Windows Hello
.
Back to top
Windows Search
Windows Search lets you search your stuff and the web from one place. If you choose to use Windows Search to search "your stuff," it will provide results for items on your personal OneDrive, your OneDrive for Business if so enabled, other cloud storage providers to the extent supported by those third-party providers, and on your device. If you choose to use Windows Search to search the web, or get search suggestions with Windows Search, your search results will be powered by Bing and we will use your search query as described in the
Bing
section of this privacy statement.
Learn more about search in Windows
.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Entertainment and related services
Entertainment and Related Services power rich experiences and enable you to access a variety of content, applications and games.
Entertainment and Related Services power rich experiences and enable you to access a variety of content, applications and games.
Xbox
The Xbox network is the online gaming and entertainment service from Microsoft that consists of software and enables online experiences across different platforms. This service lets you find and play games, view content, and connect with friends on Xbox and other gaming and social networks.
When you sign up for an Xbox profile, we assign you a gamertag (a public nickname) and a unique identifier. When you sign in on Xbox devices, apps, and services, the data we collect about your use is stored using these unique identifier(s).
Xbox consoles are devices you can use to find and play games, movies, music, and other digital entertainment. When you sign in to Xbox experiences—in apps or on a console—we also assign a unique identifier to your device. When your Xbox console is connected to the internet, for instance, and you sign in to the console, we identify which console and which version of the console’s operating system you’re using.
Data we collect
about your use of Xbox services, games, apps, and consoles includes:
When you sign in and sign out of Xbox, any purchases you make, and content you obtain.
Which games you play and apps you use, your game progress, achievements, play time per game, and other play statistics.
Performance data about Xbox consoles, Xbox Game Pass and other Xbox apps, the Xbox network, connected accessories, and your network connection, including any software or hardware errors.
Content you add, upload, or share through the Xbox network, including text, pictures, and video you capture in games and apps.
Social activity, including chat data and interactions with other gamers, and connections you make (friends you add and people who follow you) on the Xbox network.
If you sign in to use Xbox on another device capable of accessing the Xbox network, and that device includes a storage device (hard drive or memory unit), usage data will be stored on the storage device and sent to Microsoft the next time you sign in to Xbox, even if you’ve been playing offline.
Data we collect enables us to provide you with our services and with curated experiences. This includes connecting you to games, content, and services, as well as presenting you with offers, discounts, and recommendations. To change your settings for these recommendations, visit
Xbox online safety and privacy settings
page.
Camera and Microphone
. While using Xbox, players can use the device’s capabilities such as the microphone, camera and screen recording to improve their gaming experience. When an Xbox game is played in the Windows Game Bar, the camera and microphone may be used, including to read photos and videos and to capture and record screenshots.
Xbox diagnostic data
. Diagnostic data has two categories: required and optional.
Required
. Xbox will send required data to Microsoft. The minimum data necessary to help keep Xbox safe, secure, up to date, and performing as expected.
Optional
. Optional data is additional data that you choose to share with Microsoft. Optional data may include additional details about the operation, usage, and performance of your Xbox products and services, as well as enhanced error reporting.
Learn more at
Manage settings for optional data sharing
.
Game captures
. Any player in a multiplayer game session can record video (game clips) and capture screenshots of their view of the game play. Other players’ game clips and screenshots can capture your in-game character and gamertag during that session. If a player captures game clips and screenshots on a PC, the resulting game clips might also capture audio chat.
Captioning
. During Xbox real-time (“party”) chat, players may activate a voice-to-text feature that lets them view that chat as text. If a player activates this feature, all voice communication in the party is captioned for the player. Microsoft uses the resulting text data to provide captioning of chat for players who need it, as well as the other purposes described in this statement.
Xbox data viewable by others
. Your gamertag, game and play statistics, achievements, presence (whether you are currently signed in to Xbox), content you share, and other data about your activity on Xbox can be seen by:
Other players signed in to Xbox.
Customers of third-party services you’ve linked your profile to, or
Other services associated with Xbox (including those of partner companies).
For example, your gamertag and scores that show on game leaderboards are considered public and cannot be hidden. For other data, you can adjust your privacy settings on consoles and at
Xbox.com
to limit or block what is shared with the public or with friends.
Learn more at
Xbox online safety and privacy settings
.
Xbox data shared with third parties including game and apps publishers
. When you use an Xbox online game or any network-connected app on your Xbox console, PC, or mobile device, the publisher of that game or app has access to data about your usage to help the publisher deliver, support, and improve its product. This data may include: your Xbox user identifier, gamertag, limited account info such as country and age range, data about your in-game communications, any Xbox enforcement activity, game-play sessions (for example, moves made in-game, types of vehicles used in-game), your presence on the Xbox network, the time you spend playing the game or app, rankings, statistics, gamer profiles, avatars, or gamerpics, friends lists, activity feeds for official clubs you belong to, official club memberships, and any content you create or submit in the game or app.
Third-party publishers and developers of games and apps have their own distinct and independent relationship with users and their collection and usage of personal data is subject to their specific privacy policies. You should carefully review their policies to determine how they use the data. For example, publishers may choose to disclose or display game data (such as on leaderboards) through their own services. You may find their policies linked from game or app detail pages in the Microsoft Store.
Learn more at
Data Sharing with Games and Apps
.
To stop sharing game or app data with a publisher, remove its games or app from all devices where you have installed them. Some publisher access to your data may be revoked at
https://microsoft.com/consent
.
Children and family
. If you have kids who want to use the Xbox network, you can set up child and teen profiles for them once they have Microsoft accounts. Adult organizers in your Microsoft family group can change consent choices and online safety settings for child and teen profiles on
Xbox.com
.
Learn more about Microsoft family groups at
Simplify your family’s life
.
Learn more about managing Xbox profiles, at
Xbox online safety and privacy settings
.
For more information about Microsoft’s collection of data from children, including Xbox, please see the
Collection of data from children
section of this privacy statement.
Safety
. In order to help make the Xbox network a safe gaming environment and enforce the Community Standards for Xbox, we may collect and review voice, text, images, videos and in-game content (such as game clips you upload, conversations you have, and things you post in clubs and games).
Anti-cheat and fraud prevention
. Providing a fair gameplay environment is important to us. We prohibit cheating, hacking, account stealing, and any other unauthorized or fraudulent activity when you use an Xbox online game or any network-connected app on your Xbox console, PC, or mobile device. In order to detect and prevent fraud and cheating, we may use anti-cheat and fraud prevention tools, applications, and other technologies. Such technologies may create digital signatures (known as “hashes”) using certain information collected from your Xbox console, PC, or mobile device, and how you use that device. This can include information about the browser, device, activities, game identifiers, and operating system.
Legacy
.
Xbox 360
. This Xbox console collects limited required diagnostic data to keep your console functioning as expected while using a console connected to the Xbox network.
Kinect
. The Kinect sensor is a combination of camera, microphone, and infrared sensor that can enable motions and voice to be used to control gameplay. For example:
If you choose, the camera can be used to sign you in to the Xbox network automatically using facial recognition. This data stays on the console and is not shared with anyone, and you can choose to delete this data from your console at any time.
For game play, Kinect will map distances between your body's joints to create a stick figure representation of you that helps Kinect enable play.
The Kinect microphone can enable voice chat between players during play. The microphone also enables voice commands for control of the console, game, or app, or to enter search terms.
The Kinect sensor can also be used for audio and video communications through services such as Skype.
Learn more about Kinect at
Xbox Kinect and Privacy
.
Back to top
Microsoft Store
Microsoft Store is an online service, accessible via PC, the Xbox Console and the Xbox App, that allows you to browse, download, purchase, rate, and review applications and other digital content. It includes:
Apps and content for Windows devices such as phones, PCs, and tablets.
Games, subscriptions and other apps for Xbox consoles and other devices.
Products and apps for Microsoft 365, SharePoint, Exchange, Access, and Project (2013 versions or later).
We collect data about how you access and use Microsoft Store; the products you've viewed, purchased, or installed; the preferences you set for viewing apps in Microsoft Store; and any ratings, reviews, or problem reports you submit. Your Microsoft account is associated with your ratings and reviews; and if you write a review, the name and picture from your Microsoft account will be published with your review. Microsoft Store uses the region configured on your device to show relevant and eligible content and merchandising. Microsoft Store uses your device identifier to manage product rights tied to a specific device.
Permission for Microsoft Store apps
. Many apps you install from the Microsoft Store are designed to take advantage of specific hardware and software features of your device. An app's use of certain hardware and software features may give the app or its related service access to your data. For example, a photo editing app might access your device's camera to let you take a new photo or access photos or videos stored on your device for editing, and a restaurant guide might use your location to provide nearby recommendations. Information about the features that an app uses is provided on the app's product description page in Microsoft Store. Many of the features that Microsoft Store apps use can be turned on or off through your device’s privacy settings. In Windows, in many cases, you can choose which apps can use a particular feature. Go to
Start > Settings > Privacy or Privacy & Security
, select the feature (for example, Calendar), and then select which app permissions are on or off. The lists of apps in Windows privacy settings that can use hardware and software features will not include "Classic Windows" applications, and these applications are not affected by these settings.
App updates
. Unless you have turned off automatic app updates in the relevant Microsoft Store settings or have acquired an app provided and updated by the app developer, Microsoft Store will automatically check for, download, and install app updates to verify that you have the latest versions. Updated apps might use different Windows hardware and software features from the previous versions, which could give them access to different data on your device. You will be prompted for consent if an updated app accesses certain features, such as location. You can also review the hardware and software features an app uses by viewing its product description page in Microsoft Store.
Each app's use of your data collected through any of these features is subject to the app developer's privacy policies. If an app available through Microsoft Store collects and uses any of your personal data, the app developer is required to provide a privacy policy, and a link to the privacy policy is available on the app's product description page in Microsoft Store.
Sideloaded apps and developer mode
. Developer features such as the "developer mode" setting are intended for development use only. If you enable developer features, your device may become unreliable or unusable, and expose you to security risks. Downloading or otherwise acquiring apps from sources other than Microsoft Store, also known as "sideloading" apps, may make your device and personal data more vulnerable to attack or unexpected use by apps. Windows policies, notifications, permissions, and other features intended to help protect your privacy when apps access your data may not function as described in this statement for sideloaded apps or when developer features are enabled.
Back to top
Microsoft Start
Microsoft Start (formerly known as MSN or Microsoft News) is a content service that includes news, weather, sports, and finance. The Microsoft Start app is available on various platforms, including iOS and Android. The Microsoft Start service is also included within other Microsoft services, including the Microsoft Edge browser and widgets on Windows.
When you install the Microsoft Start, MSN Weather, or Microsoft News apps, we collect data that tells us if the app was installed properly, the installation date, the app version, and other data about your device such as the operating system and browser. This data is collected on a regular basis to help us determine the number of app users and identify performance issues associated with different app versions, operating systems, and browsers. When you use the weather app, we use your location to provide you with relevant weather content.
We also collect data about how you interact with Microsoft Start content, such as usage frequency and articles viewed, to provide you with relevant content. Microsoft Start provides an enhanced experience when you sign in with your Microsoft account, including allowing you to customize your interests and favorites. We use your location to provide you with relevant content such as local weather and news. You can manage personalization through Microsoft Start and Bing settings, as well as through settings in other Microsoft services that include Microsoft Start services. We also use the data we collect to provide you with advertisements that may be of interest to you. You can opt out of interest-based advertising through the advertising links within Microsoft Start services, or by visiting the Microsoft
opt-out page
.
Previous versions of MSN Money allow you to access personal finance information from third-party financial institutions. MSN Money only displays this information and does not store it on our servers. Your sign-in credentials used to access your financial information from third parties are encrypted on your device and are not sent to Microsoft. These financial institutions, as well as any other third-party services you access through MSN services, are subject to their own terms and privacy policies.
Back to top
Silverlight
Microsoft Silverlight helps you to access and enjoy rich content on the Web. Silverlight enables websites and services to store data on your device. Other Silverlight features involve connecting to Microsoft to obtain updates, or to Microsoft or third-party servers to play protected digital content.
Silverlight Configuration tool
. You can make choices about these features in the Silverlight Configuration tool. To access the Silverlight Configuration tool, right click on content that is currently being displayed by Silverlight and select
Silverlight
. You can also run the Silverlight Configuration tool directly. In Windows, for example, you can access the tool by searching for "Microsoft Silverlight."
Silverlight application storage
. Silverlight-based applications can store data files locally on your computer for a variety of purposes, including saving your custom settings, storing large files for graphically intensive features (such as games, maps, and images), and storing content that you create within certain applications. You can turn off or configure application storage in the Silverlight Configuration tool.
Silverlight updates
. Silverlight will periodically check a Microsoft server for updates to provide you with the latest features and improvements. A small file containing information about the latest Silverlight version will be downloaded to your computer and compared to your currently installed version. If a newer version is available, it will be downloaded and installed on your computer. You can turn off or configure updates in the Silverlight Configuration tool.
Digital Rights Management
. Silverlight uses Microsoft Digital Rights Management (DRM) technology to help protect the rights of content owners. If you access DRM-protected content (such as music or video) with Silverlight, it will request media usage rights from a rights server on the Internet. In order to provide a seamless playback experience, you will not be prompted before Silverlight sends the request to the rights server. When requesting media usage rights, Silverlight will provide the rights server with an ID for the DRM-protected content file and basic data about your device, including data about the DRM components on your device such as their revision and security levels, and a unique identifier for your device.
DRM updates
. In some cases, accessing DRM-protected content will require an update to Silverlight or to the DRM components on your device. When you attempt to play content that requires a DRM update, Silverlight will send a request to a Microsoft server containing basic data about your device, including information about the DRM components on your computer such as their revision and security levels, troubleshooting data, and a unique identifier for your device. The Microsoft server uses this identifier to return a unique DRM update for your device, which will then be installed by Silverlight. You can turn off or configure DRM component updates on the
Playback
tab in the Silverlight Configuration tool.
Back to top
Windows Mixed Reality
Windows Mixed Reality allows you to enable a virtual reality experience that immerses you in apps and games. Mixed Reality uses a compatible headset’s camera, microphone, and infrared sensors to enable motions and voice to be used to control gameplay and to navigate apps and games.
Microsoft collects diagnostic data to solve problems and to keep Mixed Reality running on Windows up to date, secure, and operating properly. Diagnostic data also helps us improve Mixed Reality and related Microsoft products and services depending on the diagnostic data settings you’ve chosen for your device.
Learn more about Windows diagnostic data
.
Mixed Reality also processes and collects data specifically related to the Mixed Reality experiences, such as:
Mixed Reality maps distances between your body's joints to create a stick figure representation of you. If you are connected to the Internet, we collect those numeric values to enable and improve your experience.
Mixed Reality detects specific hand gestures intended to perform simple system interactions (such as menu navigation, pan/zoom, and scroll). This data is processed on your PC and is not stored.
The headset's microphones enable voice commands to control games, apps, or to enter search terms.
Learn more about voice data collection
.
Windows Mixed Reality can also be used for audio and video communications through services such as Skype.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Back To Top
Sub-policy 1
https://cookieinformation.com/cookie-and-privacy-policy/:
Skip to content
Cookie- & Privacy Policy
Last modified: 21st of March 2023
Privacy Policy
Welcome to Cookie Information A/S’s privacy notice.
Cookie Information A/S and its subsidiaries, (collectively, the “Cookie Information Group” or “we” or “us” or “our”) respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal data. This privacy notice will inform you as to how we look after your personal data when you visit our website, register to use our products and services, or to attend events, and tell you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you.
For the purposes of this privacy notice, the term, “Websites”, shall refer collectively to www.cookieinformation.com as well as the other websites that the Cookie Information Group operates and that link to this privacy notice.
Who is data controller?
The data controller for the processing described in this notice is:
Cookie Information A/S
Købmagergade 19
,
1150 Copenhagen K, Denmark
CVR 38758292
If you have questions regarding this Privacy Notice or about the Cookie Information Group’s privacy practices, please contact us by email at privacy@cookieinformation.com.
INFORMATION we collect and how we collect it
In the following we will tell you which types of personal data we may collect about you and how we collect it. In section 3 we have in a table explained the purposes for which we process your personal data and the lawful basis we rely on.
We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you which we have grouped together as follows:
Identity Data
includes name, username, title and identity of the organisation you represent.
Contact Data
includes email, telephone numbers and address (most often the address of the organisation you represent).
Financial Data
includes bank account and payment card details.
Transaction Data
includes details about payments to and from you and other details of products and services you have purchased from us.
Technical Data
includes IP address, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access this website.
Profile Data
includes your username and password, purchases or orders made by you, your interests, preferences, feedback and survey responses.
Usage Data
includes information about how you use and interact with our website, products and services.
Marketing and Communications Data
includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties and your communication preferences.
Our products and services are mainly offered to businesses and other professional organisations. Financial data and transactional data will in consequence only rarely qualify as Personal Data as it relates to the organisation you represent and not you.
In most situations the information is collected directly from you when you register to use our products and services, request marketing from us or otherwise communicate with us.
As you interact with our website or services, we may automatically collect Technical Data and Usage Data about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns. We collect this personal data by using cookies and similar technologies. We may also receive Technical Data about you if you visit other websites employing our cookies.
Please see our cookie policy
for further details.
We may receive Identity and Contact Data from the organisation you represent if you are authorized to log into and utilize our products and services in connection with your organisations account.
The purposes and the lawful basis
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:
Where we need to perform the contract, we are about to enter into or have entered into with you or the organisation you represent cf. GDPR Article 6 (1) (b).
Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests cf. GDPR Article 6 (1) (f).
Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation cf. GDPR Article 6 (1) (c).
Where you have provided your consent cf. GDPR Article 6 (1) (a).
We have set out below, in a table format, a description of all the ways we plan to use your personal data, and which of the legal bases we rely on to do so. We have also identified what our legitimate interests are where appropriate.
Purpose/Activity
Type of data
Lawful basis for processing including basis of legitimate interest
To register you as a new customer or as contact person for the organisation you represent
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
i. Performance of a contract with you
ii. Necessary for our legitimate interests to perform a contract with the organisation you represent
To manage and perform the contract with you or the organisation you represent including:
(a)   enable you to access and use the Services,
(b)   to provide customer service and support
(c)   Manage payments, fees and charges
(d)   Collect and recover money owed to us
(e)   to send you technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Financial
(d) Transaction
(e) Technical data
(f) Profile
i. Performance of a contract with you
ii. Necessary for our legitimate interests to perform a contract with the organisation you represent
iii. Necessary to comply with a legal obligation (Bookkeeping, Accounting and Tax)
To enable you to participate in events
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(a) Performance of a contract with you
To send you newsletters or other marketing
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Marketing and Communications
(a) Your consent to receive e-marketing
(b) Necessary for our legitimate interests to send you relevant marketing
To administer and protect our business and this website (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data)
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Technical
(d) Usage
(a) Necessary for our legitimate interests for running our business, provision of administration and IT services, network security and to prevent fraud
To use data analytics to improve our website, products/services, marketing, customer relationships and experiences
(a) Technical
(b) Usage
a) your consent(s) to our use of cookies for one or more purposes
b) Necessary for our legitimate interests to define types of customers for our products and services, to keep our website updated and relevant, to develop our business and to inform our marketing strategy
To deliver relevant website content and advertisements to you and measure or understand the effectiveness of the advertising we serve to you
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Usage
(e) Marketing and Communications
(f) Technical
a) your consent(s) to our use of cookies for one or more purposes
b) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them, to grow our business and to inform our marketing strategy)
If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information, please contact us at
privacy@cookieinformation.com
.
SHARING OF INFORMATION COLLECTED
Third-Party Service Providers:
We share information, including personal information, with our third-party service providers that we use to provide hosting for and maintenance of our Websites and Services, application development, backup, storage, payment processing, marketing, analytics, and other services for us. These third-party service providers may have access to or process your personal information for the purpose of providing these services for us. We do not permit our third-party service providers to use the personal information that we share with them for  any other purpose than in connection with the services they provide to us. We have entered into data processor agreements with all of our data processors.
Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement Requests; Protection of Our Rights:
In certain situations, we may be required to disclose personal information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. We may disclose personal information to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims. We may also share such information if we believe it is necessary in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of our Terms and Conditions, or as otherwise required by law.
Testimonials:
From time to time, we may post testimonials on the Websites that may contain personal information. We obtain your consent cf. GDPR art 6(1)(a) to post your name along with your testimonial. If you wish to update or delete your testimonial, you can contact us at privacy@cookieinformation.com.
Cookie Information Group Sharing:
We may share information, including personal information, with any member of the Cookie Information Group, and they will use that information only for the purposes already described in this privacy notice.
Business Transfers
We may assign or transfer your account and related information and data, including any personal information, to any person or entity that acquires all or substantially all of our business, stock or assets, or with whom we merge. If we do, we will inform them of the requirement to handle your personal information in accordance with this privacy notice.
Transfer to third countries
We will not transfer your personal data to recipients outside EU or EEA unless we have ensured compliance with GDPR Chapter V.
Some of our third-party service providers are established outside the EEA, including in the US so their processing of your personal data will involve a transfer of data outside the EEA. However, to ensure that your personal information receive an adequate level of protection we have ascertained that sufficient safety measures have been implemented to allow for the transfer either by an adequacy decision made by the European Commission or by use of standard contractual clauses approved by the European Commission which give personal data the same protection it has in Europe.
You may request more information on our current data processors established outside the EEA and the safety measures in place to allow for the transfer of personal data– please send your request to us at
privacy@cookieinformation.com
.
DATA RETENTION
We retain the personal information we collect where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so. When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize it.
Identity, Contact, Financial and Transaction Data is saved to demonstrate the agreement we have/have had and for book keeping and tax purposes for up to five full fiscal years after the expiry of the year in which you or the organisation you represent cancel the Service Account.
Your consent to receive e-marketing will be saved for two years after the last time we relied on your consent to send marketing. We will stop sending you e-marketing when you withdraw your consent.
Technical and Usage Data will be deleted 3 months after you or the organisation you represent cancel the Service Account.
Data may be retained for longer period if we are legally obliged to do so, or if retention is necessary to establish, exercise or defend legal claims.
HOW TO EXERCISE YOUR DATA PROTECTION RIGHTS
You have certain choices available to you when it comes to your personal information. Below is a summary of those choices, how to exercise them and any limitations:
Request access to your personal information (commonly known as a “data subject access request”). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal information we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
Request correction of the personal information that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate information we hold about you corrected.
Request erasure of your personal information. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal information where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it.
Object to processing of your personal information where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal information for direct marketing purposes. You may manage your receipt of marketing and non-transactional communications by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link located on the bottom of our marketing emails or you may send a request to privacy@cookieinformation.com.
Request the restriction of processing of your personal information. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of personal information about you, for example if you want us to establish its accuracy or the reason for processing it.
Request the transfer of your personal information to another party (also known as data portability).
Where our processing is solely based on your specific consent you have the right to with-draw your consent at any time. Such withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
If you wish to exercise any of the data protection rights that are available to you then please send your request to
privacy@cookieinformation.com
and we will action your request in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
You have the right to complain to your local data protection authority if you are unhappy with our data protection practices. In Denmark you can lodge a complaint with Datatilsynet at [
https://www.datatilsynet.dk/borger/klage/saadan-klager-du
].
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY NOTICE
This privacy notice may be updated from time to time to reflect changing legal, regulatory, or operational requirements. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
If there are any material changes to this privacy notice, you will be notified by our posting of a prominent notice on the Websites prior to the change becoming effective.
If you do not accept any changes made to this privacy notice, please discontinue the use of the Websites and the services.
Cookie Policy
DPO Contact information
Att.: Data protection officer
Købmagergade 19
1150 Copenhagen K, Denmark
privacy@cookieinformation.com
Sub-policy 2
https://policies.google.com/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 3
https://www.adobe.com/privacy/policy.html:
Adobe Privacy Policy
Last updated: June 18, 2024
The Adobe Privacy Policy describes the privacy practices of Adobe’s Services and Software (as defined in our General
Terms of Use)
and anywhere we display or reference this policy.
If you are a resident of North America, your relationship is with Adobe Inc. (Adobe U.S.) and the laws of California and the United States apply.
If you reside outside of North America, your relationship is with Adobe Systems Software Ireland Limited (Adobe Ireland), which is the controller with regard to your personal information collected by Adobe, and the laws of Ireland apply.
Please note that in order to use our Services and Software, you acknowledge that Adobe will transfer your personal information across national borders and to other countries where Adobe and its partners and providers operate, including the United States. The privacy protections and rights of authorities to access your information in these countries may not be equivalent to those in your country. We will only transfer your personal information to these countries where permitted to do so by law and we will take steps intended to ensure that your personal information continues to receive appropriate protections. For more information, please see the section “
Does Adobe transfer my personal information across national borders?
”
If the content or information that you store in Adobe Services and Software contains personal information of other individuals, you must be legally permitted to disclose the personal information to Adobe.
Summary of Key Points
At Adobe we take data privacy seriously. We believe in transparency so you can control your data and make informed choices about how it is used. We are here to support and protect your privacy decisions wherever you use our products and services. Adobe prioritizes your control over the data you store in the cloud in the following ways:
This policy explains when we process personal information for our legitimate interests. You can ask us to stop processing this information.
Learn more about your rights and how you can exercise them.
This policy also explains when we will first get your consent before processing your personal information, including when doing so is required by law.
We use your personal information to enable you to register with Adobe and to provide you with our Services and Software, and other products or services that you request.
We provide interactive features that engage with social media sites, such as Facebook. If you use these features, these sites will send us personal information about you.
We use cookies and other technologies to track the use of our Services and Software. To learn about opportunities to choose not to allow cookies, click
here
. If you are using our website in a browser, this information is also available in our
Cookies Policy
.
There are several places within Adobe’s Services and Software that allow you to post comments, upload pictures, or submit content which will be publicly available where you choose to participate in these activities. We also disclose personal information to other companies in the Adobe family and with advertising and sales partners consistent with your choices. We also disclose information with third parties we engage to process personal information on our behalf or when such sharing is required by law, or in certain other situations.
We transfer your personal information to the US and other countries, which may be outside the country in which you live. We use government-approved contractual clauses such as European Commission approved Standard Contractual Clauses to help protect your personal information.
What does this privacy policy cover?
What information does Adobe collect about me?
How does Adobe use the information it collects about me, and what are the legal bases for these uses?
Does Adobe disclose my personal information to others?
Is my personal information displayed anywhere within Adobe's apps or websites?
Is my personal information secure?
Where does Adobe store my personal information?
Does Adobe transfer my personal information across national borders?
What rights do I have regarding my personal information and how can I exercise these?
What rights do I have in my state?
Withdrawing consent or otherwise objecting to direct marketing
What information is collected by companies using Adobe Experience Cloud solutions?
How long does Adobe retain my information?
Can children use Adobe websites and apps?
Will this privacy policy change?
Who can I contact with questions or concerns?
What does this privacy policy cover?
This privacy policy describes how Adobe (also referred to as "we," "us" or "our") will make use of your information in the context of:
Adobe websites; web-based services such as Behance; and web-based aspects of the Creative Cloud, Document Cloud and Experience Cloud (together referred to as "websites");
Services that display or include a reference to this policy;
Adobe’s marketing, sales, and advertising practices; and
The privacy practices of previously acquired companies, unless otherwise noted here.
Please note that websites and apps provided by some companies acquired by Adobe may operate under their own privacy policies until their privacy practices are integrated with Adobe's privacy practices. For a current list of these companies, click
here
. Additional privacy-related information for certain Adobe Services and Software can be found in the table below:
Adobe® Digital Editions
Acrobat Sign
Adobe Stock
Adobe Fonts
Flash® Player
Adobe Express Local Ambassador Program
Acrobat
Please also see the
Adobe Terms of Use
and any additional Terms of Use or
Product License Agreements
that may apply to the Services and Software you are using.
What information does Adobe collect about me?
Adobe ID, registration, and customer support
When you register to use an Adobe Service, create an Adobe ID, purchase a license to our Services and Software, or contact us for support or other offerings, Adobe collects information that identifies you. This includes:
Identifiers and contact information, such as:
Name;
Email address;
Telephone number;
Postal or Physical Address;
Country;
Commercial and transaction information, such as:
Payment/billing information (where an app or website is 'paid for');
Licenses purchased;
Eligibility information (e.g., student or teacher identification for student and teacher editions of apps);
Content of and information provided through customer support and other communications (e.g., recorded customer and technical support calls and stored content of your correspondence with us via our website, chat features, phone and video calls, emails, and other channels);
Types of Services and Software of interest.
Professional, education or other demographic information, such as:
Date of birth;
Company or school name;
Title;
Occupation;
Job function;
Expertise;
Company details, such as the size, industry, and other information about the company where a user may work (when the user has provided the company name);
Analytics or other electronic network activity, such as:
IP address;
Browser;
Mobile Device ID;
Browser extensions connected to your Adobe accounts.
Inferred Information
To help keep our databases current and to provide you the most relevant content and experiences, we may infer or generate information based on the information we collect or combine information provided by you with information from third party sources, in accordance with applicable law. For example, the size, industry, and other information about the company you work for (where you have provided company name) will be obtained from sources including, professional networking sites and information service providers. We may also infer, generate, or collect and receive information from third parties, including partners, and from publicly accessible sources, for purposes that include to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraudulent, deceptive or illegal activity, misuse of our Services and Software, security or technical issues, as well as to protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Adobe and our employees, our users, children, or the public.
Adobe Services and Software
We collect information you provide to us (e.g., when you access and use our Services and Software) or permit us to collect (e.g., as part of a third-party integration). We also collect or generate information about how you access and use our Services and Software, including when you use a desktop or mobile app feature that takes you online (such as a photo syncing feature). Depending on the Services and Software you access and use, this information may be associated with your device or browser or it may be associated with your Adobe account or content. It includes:
Analytics or other electronic network activity, such as:
IP address;
Browser and device information, including browser and device type, settings, unique identifiers, version, language settings, and configuration;
Webpage that led you to an Adobe website;
Search terms entered into a search engine which led you to an Adobe website;
Use and navigation of Services and Software, including how you interact with Adobe websites (collected through cookies and similar technologies, or by Adobe servers when you are logged into the app or website);
Analysis of your use and navigation of the Services and Software;
Analysis of your content subject to your opt-out and consent rights.
Professional, Education or other demographic information, such as:
Profile information (e.g., account profile, public profile, Behance profile).
Commercial and transaction information, such as:
Content that includes personal information which is sent or received using an online feature of Adobe Services and Software, or which is stored on Adobe servers, such as documents, photos, videos, activity logs, direct feedback from you, metadata about your content, user generated requests such as search terms, prompts (e.g., text, images, videos, audio, etc.), inquiries, feedback, and other information you may disclose when you access or use our Services and Software as well as any information the Services and Software returns in response to such requests.
Sensitive personal information, such as:
Biometric identifiers or information as defined under US laws (e.g., faceprints and voiceprints from your user Content, as defined in the
Adobe General Terms of Use
) and precise geolocation. Where required by law, we will seek any required permissions from you prior to any such collection. See the "Adobe acting on your behalf" and "How we analyze your content to deliver features requested by you" sections below for more information.
The following links provide further information on:
Adobe product improvement program
;
Usage Data FAQ: Creative Cloud and Document Cloud Apps
Experience Cloud usage information FAQ
;
Adobe Genuine Software
Your
privacy choices
regarding how we use this information;
Adobe products and services licensed by
educational institutions
;
How Adobe uses
cookies and similar technologies
; and
How Adobe
analyzes your content
using techniques such as machine learning in order to improve our Services and Software, and how to
opt out
of this.
Adobe Software activation and automatic updates
When you activate your Adobe Software or when you install updates to the Software, we collect analytics or other electronic network activity information, such as: your device (manufacturer, model, IP address);
the Adobe Software (version, date of activation, successful and unsuccessful updates);
your product serial number (e.g., where this is required before you can start using your product).
You can learn more about app activation
here
.
Adobe emails
Emails we send you may include a technology (called a
web beacon
) that collects Analytics or other electronic network activity, such as whether you have received or opened the email, or clicked a link in the email. If you do not want us to collect this information, you can
opt out of receiving Adobe marketing emails
.
Adobe online advertising
Adobe advertises online in a variety of ways, including displaying Adobe ads to you on other companies' websites and apps and on social media platforms, such as Facebook and LinkedIn. Adobe websites use cookies, pixels, and similar technologies provided by our own company (
Adobe Experience Cloud
) and other companies that allow us to gather additional information to measure and improve the effectiveness of our advertising. We collect Analytics or other electronic network activity information such as:
Which ads are displayed;
Which ads are clicked on; and
Where the ad was displayed.
Learn more about
Adobe’s advertising practices
.
Buttons, tools, and content from other companies
Adobe Services and Software may include buttons, tools, or content that link to other companies’ services (for example, a Facebook "Like" button). We may collect information about your use of these features, such as content “liked” and address information in Google Maps. In addition, when you see or interact with these buttons, tools, or content, or view an Adobe web page or app containing them, some information from your browser may automatically be sent to the other company. Please read that company’s privacy policy for more information.
Adobe websites may implement Google reCAPTCHA Enterprise to help prevent spam and abuse. reCAPTCHA Enterprise collects hardware and software information, such as device and application data, and sends it to Google for purposes of providing, maintaining, and improving reCAPTCHA Enterprise and for general security purposes. Your use of reCAPTCHA Enterprise is subject to Google’s
Privacy Policy
and
Terms of Use
.
Adobe social networking pages and social sign-on services
You can sign into some Adobe Services and Software using a social networking account, such as a Facebook account. Where you give appropriate permissions, we will receive contact and identifier information about you from your social networking account, such as name, country, and basic demographic information.
Adobe has its own pages on many social networking sites (for example, the Adobe® Photoshop® team’s Facebook page). We will collect information which you have made publicly available on your social networking account, such as name and interests in our products and services, when you interact with our social networking pages. The social networking sites may provide statistics and insights to Adobe which help us understand the types of actions that people take on our pages. Where applicable, Adobe and the social media site(s) have entered into an arrangement which determines our respective responsibilities.
You can learn more about Adobe’s practices with respect to social networking pages and account sign-on services
here
.
Adobe acting on your behalf
In certain instances, Adobe is acting only on your behalf for personal information collected and processed by our services (for example, for the address book contacts shared by users when entering recipient information). In such cases, Adobe is acting only on your instructions in order to facilitate the Service requested by you, and you will be responsible for the information shared. In these instances, we will inform you through in-app notifications or other in-time communications. If you submit any information relating to other people to us or to our service providers in connection with your use of Adobe apps or websites, you represent that you have the authority to do so and to permit us to use the information in accordance with this policy.
How we process your content to deliver features requested by you
Adobe offers certain features that let you edit and organize your photographs, videos, and other types of content using characteristics like face and voice (e.g., you can group similar faces, places, and image characteristics within your collection), and such characteristics may be considered biometric identifiers or biometric information under certain US laws or other applicable privacy laws. When you choose to use these features, Adobe is acting only on your instructions in order to facilitate the service requested by you. These features are off by default and, should you choose to enable them, you can always disable these features. Where we process biometric identifiers or biometric information to deliver a feature requested by you, we delete this information once you turn off the feature, unless otherwise specified in the Software or Services.
Visiting our Physical Offices
When you visit an Adobe office, we will collect Identifiers and Contact information such as your name, company name, and email address; and Audio, electronic, visual, or similar information including facial images and voice information such as from CCTV video or voice recordings and photos.
How does Adobe use the information it collects about you, and what are the legal bases for these uses?
Adobe uses the information we collect about you for the following purposes:
To fulfill a contract, or take steps linked to a contract: this is relevant where you register to use an Adobe app or website (whether paid, or as a free trial). This includes:
Providing you with the Adobe Services and Software for which you have registered, and any other services or products that you have requested;
Administering product or platform skill/knowledge courses and other content, including testing and certifications (as applicable);
Verifying your identity;
Processing payments;
Sending you necessary communications (for example, related to payments or expiration of your subscription); and
Providing customer service or support.
As required by Adobe to conduct our business and pursue our legitimate interests:
Analyzing your
content
and its characteristics using automated techniques, in the following circumstances:
Operational Use
. Our Services and Software will access your content stored locally on your device (“Local Content”) and content that you have uploaded to our servers or create using our cloud-based Services (“
Cloud Content
”), to enable the normal running of the Services and Software.
Content Analytics with Cloud Content
. Subject to your opt-out rights, including those described
here
, we may perform analytics with Cloud Content to help us understand how our users are using our Services and Software to allow us to improve your Services and Software experience, provide recommendations to you, and customize your experience. Insights from Content Analytics may be used to inform our marketing to you, subject to your opt-out rights regarding our marketing.
Analyzing your
content
and its characteristics using automated techniques or with human review, in the following circumstances:
Illegal and Abusive Cloud Content
. Cloud Content may be automatically scanned to ensure we are not hosting illegal or abusive content, like Child Sexual Abuse Material. Human review may occur when your Cloud Content is flagged or reported as illegal or abusive.
Public and Shared Cloud Content
. All public and shared Cloud Content is subject to review for intellectual property issues and safety issues (for example, violence and nudity). If you choose to share your Cloud Content with others using our Software and Services, we may automatically review this shared Cloud Content to flag abusive behavior (such as spam or phishing). When you make your Cloud Content publicly available, additional human review may occur.
Providing you with the Adobe Services and Software for which you have registered and any other products and services you have requested;
Analyzing your use and measuring effectiveness of our Services and Software, including recordings, to better understand how they are being used so we can improve them and engage and retain users;
Sending you information about Adobe products and services, special offers and similar information, and sharing your information with third parties for their own marketing purposes, where your consent is not required;
Analyzing your use and navigation of our Services and Software, your profile information, your interaction with our communications (excluding your content), to:
Detect and prevent fraudulent, deceptive, or, illegal activity, or misuse of our Services and Software;
Improve our Services and Software, and the user experience, subject to your opt-out and consent rights, including those described here; and
Tailor and customize the Services and Software through marketing communications (
learn more
)
Diagnosing problems in our Services and Software;
Conducting surveys and market research about our customers, their interests, the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns, and customer satisfaction (unless we need consent to undertake such surveys, in which case we will only do this with your permission);
Investigating and responding to any comments or complaints that you may send us;
Checking the validity of the sort code, account number and card number you submit if you use a credit or debit card for payment, in order to prevent payment fraud or other illegal or deceptive payment practices (we use third parties for this – see “Does Adobe disclose my personal information to others?” below);
Sharing account information registered under a business email address with employers for account migration purposes;
Combining with other data we may have about how you interacted with our products and services when logged out or logged in, in order to provide a more seamless experience, show you the most relevant content and services, and for marketing purposes, with your consent where required;
If we merge with or are acquired by another company, sell an Adobe website, app, or business unit, or if all or a substantial portion of our assets are acquired by another company, your information will likely be disclosed to the prospective purchaser, our advisers and any other prospective purchaser's advisers and will be one of the assets that is transferred to the new owner; and
In connection with legal claims, compliance, regulatory and investigative purposes as necessary (including disclosure of information in connection with government agency requests, legal process or litigation).
Where we process your information based on legitimate interests, you can object to this processing in certain circumstances. In such cases, we will cease processing information unless we have compelling legitimate grounds to continue processing or where it is needed for legal reasons.
If legitimate interest is not an available legal basis in a particular jurisdiction, we will engage in the processing activities described above on a legal basis that is available in that particular jurisdiction.
Where required,
when you give Adobe your consent
or otherwise consistent with your choices:
Sending you information about Adobe products and services, special offers and similar information, and sharing your information with third parties for their own marketing purposes;
Placing cookies and using similar technologies in our Services and Software and in email communications, in accordance with our
Cookies Policy
and the information provided to you when those technologies are used;
Accessing information stored on your device for the following operational uses:
Information relating to your use of, and engagement with, Services and Software related to crash reports in order to fix the underlying problem causing the crash;
Information which you allow us to receive through device-based settings (e.g., photos, location and camera) in order to provide certain functionality within our Services and Software;
Analyzing your use and navigation of the Services and Software or your content and its characteristics using automated techniques or human review in order to:
Detect and prevent fraudulent, deceptive, or illegal activity or misuse of the Services and Software;
Improve our services and the user experience, such as through the Adobe Product Improvement Program as described
here
; and
Respond to your request (e.g., customer service).
Allowing you to participate in sweepstakes, contests, and similar promotions and to administer these activities.
On other occasions where we ask you for consent, we will use the information for the purposes which we explain at that time. Where we rely on consent to process information, you can withdraw your consent to such activities at any time.
For legal reasons:
Responding to requests by government or law enforcement authorities conducting an investigation.
Using or disclosing information as reasonably necessary to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, potential deceptive or illegal activities, misuse of Services and Software, or technical issues and software piracy (e.g., to confirm that software is genuine and properly licensed), helping to protect you as well as Adobe.
Where this processing and these disclosures are not strictly required by law, Adobe may rely on its legitimate interests, where available, and those of third parties described above.
Does Adobe disclose my personal information to others?
Disclosing to other Data Controllers
We will disclose your personal information within the Adobe family of companies for the purposes identified above (see a list of
Adobe entities
and our
acquired companies
).
We will also disclose your personal information with other third-party data controllers with your consent (where necessary) or to provide any product or service you have requested (e.g., third-party integrations). The types of third parties your information may be disclosed to include: our resellers and other sales and advertising partners, retailers, advertisers, ad agencies, advertising networks and platforms, information service providers, fraud monitoring and prevention providers, and publishers. In some cases, in order to show you more relevant ads, we disclose with social media platforms and other advertising partners, information about actions you take on our websites and apps, such as which pages you visit and which ads you saw. These parties may be joint controllers for this processing. More information is available
here
.
Third-party data controllers may also use Adobe products and services to collect and process your personal information. If you are using an email address that is associated with a business domain (e.g.,
yourname@businessname.com
) to access Adobe's Services and Software, or if you were invited to use the Services and Software by a business, we may provide your personal information to that business.
Disclosing for Fraud Prevention, Safety and Security Purposes
We will disclose personal information to companies that help us run our business to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, deception, illegal activity, misuse of Adobe Services and Software, and security or technical issues.
Additionally, we will disclose personal information to companies, organizations, government authorities, or individuals outside of Adobe if we have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to detect, prevent, or protect against such fraudulent, deceptive, or illegal activity, misuse of our Services and Software, or security or technical issues, or where it is reasonably necessary to protect from harm the rights, property or safety of Adobe and our employees, our users, children, or the public as required or permitted by law.
Disclosing to Data Processors
We will also disclose your personal information to companies that help us run our business by processing personal information on behalf of Adobe for the purposes identified above. Such companies (including those that may record or store communications) include providers of customer support services, chatbots, session replay partners who provide services which recreate a web or app session showing meaningful insight into a visitor’s experience, providers of analytics technologies that record and analyze your interaction with our websites to help us improve your experience, providers of artificial intelligence technologies that record and analyze your content or communications, payment processing services, fraud monitoring and prevention, detecting and preventing deceptive or illegal activity or misuse of our Services and Software, email, social media, and other marketing platforms and service providers, and hosting services. We require these companies to protect your personal information consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Other Information Disclosure
Adobe may also disclose your personal information:
When you agree to the disclosure;
When we have a good faith belief that we are required to provide information in response to a subpoena, court order, or other applicable law or legal process (
learn more
), or to respond to an emergency involving the danger of death or serious bodily harm;
If we merge with or are acquired by another company, sell an Adobe website, app, or business unit, or if all or a substantial portion of our assets are acquired by another company, your information will likely be disclosed to the prospective purchaser, our advisers and any prospective purchaser's advisers and will be one of the assets that is transferred to the new owner.
We may disclose or publish aggregate information that doesn’t specifically identify you, such as statistical information about visitors to our websites or statistical information about how customers
use the Adobe Experience Cloud
.
Is my personal information displayed anywhere on Adobe’s websites or applications?
There are several places within Adobe’s Services and Software that allow you to post comments, upload pictures, participate in message boards or chats, engage with blogs, share technical information, or submit other content for others to see. Sometimes you can limit who can see what you share, but there are some places where what you share can be seen by the general public or other users of the service. Such information can appear in search engine results or through other publicly available platforms and can be “crawled” or searched by third parties. For example, when users post content on message boards, online chats, blogs, and Community Forums, the information posted by the user will become public. Some online content may remain accessible publicly even after Adobe fulfils a request to delete the poster’s personal information.
Please be careful when you share your personal information. Do not share anything you wouldn’t want publicly known unless you are sure you are posting it within an app or website that allows you to control who sees what you post. Please note that when you post messages on certain user forums on our websites and app, your email address or name and/or profile photo may be included and displayed with your message. You can find more information about managing your public profile
here
. To remove content you have shared on our Services and Software, please use the same feature you used to share the content. If another user invites you to participate in shared viewing, editing, or commenting of content, you may be able to delete your contributions, but usually the user who invited you has full control. If you have questions or concerns about this, please
contact us
.
Is my personal information secure?
We work hard to protect your personal information. We employ administrative, technical, and physical security controls where appropriate, such as encryption, 2-step verification, and appropriate contractual confidentiality obligations for employees and contractors.
Where does Adobe store my personal information?
Your personal information and files are stored on Adobe’s servers and the servers of companies we engage to provide services to us.
Does Adobe transfer my personal information across national borders?
The main locations where we process your personal information are the US and India, but we also transfer personal information to all other countries in which Adobe or its affiliates, providers, and partners operate. We carry out these transfers in compliance with applicable laws – for example, by putting data transfer agreements in place to help protect your personal information.
If you reside outside of North America, your relationship is with Adobe Ireland. Where Adobe Ireland transfers your personal information to a country which is not within the EEA and is not subject to an adequacy decision by the EU Commission, we rely on one or more of the following legal mechanisms: European Commission approved Standard Contractual Clauses and/or your consent in certain circumstances. A copy of the relevant mechanism can be provided for your review upon request, using the contact details provided at the end of this Privacy Policy. For more information about how Adobe Ireland transfers European personal information, please see
Cross-border data transfers.
Adobe and its U.S. subsidiaries Marketo Inc, Magento (X-commerce, Inc) and Workfront Inc. comply with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Adobe has also certified to the US Department of Commerce that it adheres to EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF (as does its U.S. subsidiaries Marketo Inc, Magento (X-commerce, Inc) and Workfront Inc.). Adobe has also certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF (as does its U.S. subsidiaries Marketo Inc, Magento (X-commerce, Inc) and Workfront Inc.). If there is any conflict between the terms in this policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. Adobe’s commitments under the Data Privacy Framework are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the United States Federal Trade Commission. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/
.
As set out above Adobe uses a limited number of third-party service providers to assist us in providing our services to our users and business customers. These third parties may access, process, or store personal data in the course of providing their services. Adobe maintains contracts with these third parties restricting their access, use and disclosure of personal data in compliance with our Data Privacy Framework obligations, including the onward transfer provisions, and Adobe remains liable if they fail to meet those obligations and Adobe is responsible for the event giving rise to the damage).
The information above applies to Adobe users who are consumers. More information is available for our business customers that want to learn more about
Cross-border data transfers
.
What rights do I have regarding my personal information and how can I exercise these rights?
When provided for by applicable law, you have the right to ask us for a copy of your personal information; to correct, delete or restrict (stop any active) processing of your personal information; and to obtain the personal information you provide to us for a contract or with your consent in a structured, machine readable format, and to ask us to share (port) this information to another controller. You may be entitled to additional rights based on applicable data privacy laws in your jurisdiction.
In addition, you can object to the processing of your personal information in some circumstances (such as where we are using the information for direct marketing).
These rights may be limited, for example, if fulfilling your request would reveal personal information about another person, or if you ask us to delete information which we are required by law to keep or which we need to defend claims against us. In addition, Adobe websites recognize the Global Privacy Control available in some web browsers. If your browser is configured to send this signal, Adobe will opt you out of Adobe’s use of advertising cookies on that browser. You can learn more about Adobe’s
advertising practices
and your privacy choices
here
.
To exercise any of these rights (including deactivating your Adobe ID account), you can get in touch with us – or our data protection officer – using the details set out below. Additionally, many of our Services and Software allow you to edit your personal information by accessing the "
my account
," "my profile," or a similar feature of the service you are using. Likewise, you can delete files or photos you have stored in our Services and Software by logging in and using the deletion functions that are available.
If you have unresolved concerns, you have the right to report them to your local privacy regulator or data protection authority and, where applicable, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with Adobe Ireland's lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission.
When you are asked to provide personal information, you may decline. And you may use web browser or operating system controls to prevent certain types of automatic data collection. But if you choose not to provide or allow information that is necessary for certain services or features, those services or features may not be available or fully functional. For example, to register with Adobe, to create an Adobe ID, and to use some Adobe Services and Software, the provision of some information is mandatory: if relevant information is not provided, then we will not be able to administer an Adobe account to you, or provide you with the Services and Software requested. Other optional information, if not provided, may impact our ability to provide a personalized experience or tailored content or offerings.
What rights do I have in my state?
In addition to the rights above, see
Additional US State Privacy Rights
for more information.
Withdrawing consent or otherwise objecting to direct marketing
The Adobe family of companies (see list of
Adobe entities
and our
acquired companies
) and companies we hire to help market our Services and Software on our behalf may use your information to provide you with information and offers related to Adobe.
Where we rely on your consent, you will always be able to withdraw that consent, although we may have other legal grounds for processing your information for other purposes, such as those set out above. In some cases, we are able to send you direct marketing without your consent, where we rely on our legitimate interests. You have an absolute right to opt-out of direct marketing, or profiling we carry out for direct marketing, at any time by:
updating your preferences in your Adobe ID profile;
updating your preferences in your specific website or app accounts;
clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of our marketing emails; or
contacting us using the details provided at the end of this privacy policy.
Click
here
for further information on your choices regarding our marketing practices.
What information is collected by companies using Adobe Experience Cloud solutions?
Adobe Experience Cloud solutions help our business customers personalize and improve the performance of their websites, apps, and marketing messages. For example, these customers may use Adobe Experience Cloud solutions to collect and analyze information about how individuals use their websites (
learn more
). The information collected is stored in our services on behalf of and for use by these business customers.
How long does Adobe retain my information?
When you register for an account and create an Adobe ID, we process and keep most personal information we process on your behalf for as long as you are an active user of our Services and Software. We delete certain personal information we collect about you when we no longer have a business reason to retain it. Additionally, there is some personal information we need to retain even after you close your account to comply with business and legal requirements, such as personal information related to our contract and business transactions with you, which we retain for ten years after your last interaction with us.
Where we process personal information for marketing purposes or with your consent, we process the information until you ask us to stop and for a short period after this (to allow us to implement your requests). We also keep a permanent record of the fact that you have asked us not to send you direct marketing or to process your information so that we can respect your request in the future.
Can children use Adobe websites and apps?
Adobe Services and Software are not intended for children under the age of 13, except in limited situations where certain products, including Adobe Express and Creative Cloud All Apps, may be available to children for educational purposes under the direct supervision of a teacher. In these circumstances, Adobe is authorized to collect student data by the participating school, which has obtained appropriate consent, if needed.
Adobe’s Direct COPPA Notice
provides more information about the collection and use of student data.
All other Adobe Services and Software are not intended for use by children and certain products specifically prohibit users who are under a certain age. If you do not meet applicable age requirements, please do not use those Services and Software. If you are age 13 or over and meet applicable age requirements to use certain Services and Software, Adobe makes available
Privacy for Younger Users
page to provide information about our privacy practices in an age-appropriate format.
Will this privacy policy change?
Occasionally, we may update this privacy policy (or other documents in the Adobe Privacy Center) to allow Adobe to accommodate new technologies, industry practices, regulatory requirements or for other purposes. If we do, we will change the "last updated" date at the top of this policy and the revised policy will be posted to this page so that you are aware of the information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we may disclose it. We encourage you to periodically review the
Adobe Privacy Center
for the latest information on our privacy practices. Under certain circumstances (for example with certain material changes or where it is required by applicable privacy laws) we will provide notice to you of these changes and, where required by applicable law, we will obtain your consent. Notice may be by email to you, by posting a notice of such changes on our Services and Software, or by other means consistent with applicable law.
Who can I contact with questions or concerns?
If you have a privacy question, concern, or request, please fill out a
privacy inquiry form
.
If you are outside North America, you can also get in touch with Adobe Ireland's data protection officer at
DPO@Adobe.com
or by postal mail at 4-6 Riverwalk, Citywest Business Park, Dublin 24, Ireland.
For practices that are covered by our
PRP Certification
, if you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
.
If you believe Adobe maintains your personal data in one of the services within the scope of our Data Privacy Framework certification, you may direct any inquiries or complaints concerning our Data Privacy Framework compliance by filling in our privacy inquiry form. If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://www.ana.net/content/show/id/accountability-dpf-consumers
. If neither Adobe nor our dispute resolution provider resolves your complaint, you may have the possibility to engage in binding arbitration through the Data Privacy Framework Panel. For more information on this option, please see Annex I of the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles.
https://main--cc--adobecom.hlx.page/cc-shared/assets/img/logos/svg/trust-seal.svg | Truste logo
Home
Adobe Privacy Center
Adobe Privacy Policy
Sub-policy 4
https://newrelic.com/termsandconditions/privacy:
Opens in a new window
Opens an external website
Opens an external website in a new window
Close this dialog
Cookie Consent
Storage Preferences
We use cookies and other tracking technologies to make our website work, enhance your website experience, analyze website traffic, and support our marketing efforts. By using our website or clicking a button in this banner, you consent to our use of these technologies. To opt out of third-party marketing, advertising and tracking technologies, please select “Your Privacy Choices” below.
You may change your settings at any time or accept the default settings.
You may close this banner to continue with only essential cookies.
Privacy Notice
Targeted Advertising
Personalization
Analytics
Save
Accept All
Reject All
Skip to main content
New Relic Now+
New Relic’s most transformative platform update yet with 20+ product launches.
Watch the event on-demand now.
New Relic, Inc.
General Data Privacy Notice
Last updated February 28, 2025*
Welcome to New Relic! New Relic's full-stack data analysis platform enables businesses to have a clearer view of what’s happening in their software.
Want to learn how New Relic processes data when you use or interact with our Services?  See our
Services Data Privacy Notice
.
For California Residents, please see our
California Privacy Notice
.
Interested in applying for a job at New Relic?  See our
Applicant Privacy Policy
to understand how New Relic uses the information you provide when you apply.
For California Residents, please see our
California Applicant Privacy Notice
.
This New Relic General Data Privacy Notice (“General Privacy Notice”) explains who we are, how we collect, share and use Personal Data about you, and how you can exercise your privacy rights. We are committed to protecting your information and being transparent about the information we collect about you and how we use it.
We recommend that you read this General Privacy Notice in full to ensure you are informed. If you have any questions about this General Privacy Notice please see
Section 17 (How to Contact Us)
. If there’s a particular section you’re interested in reviewing, click on a link below to jump to that spot.
1.
Definitions
2.
Who We Are
3.
The Information We Collect About You
4.
How We Use Your Personal Data
5.
How We Share Your Personal Data
6.
Legal Basis for Processing Your Personal Data
7.
How Long We Hold Your Personal Data
8.
International Data Transfers
9.
Your Choices and Data Protection Rights
10.
Do Not Track and Global Privacy Control
11.
Advertising
12.
Third Party Websites and Social Media Widgets
13.
AI Chatbot
14.
Security of Your Personal Data
15.
Children
16.
Changes to this General Privacy Notice
17.
How to Contact Us
1. Definitions
“Personal Data” means any information relating to an identified or identifiable individual, including, for example, your name, phone number, post code or zip code, Device ID, IP address and email address.  Further information about the Personal Data that we collect, where we collect it from, and how we use it is set out below.
“Sites” means the websites that display or link to this General Privacy Notice, such as
www.newrelic.com
,
status.newrelic.com
,
learn.newrelic.com
,
discuss.newrelic.com
,
www.newrelic.jp
,
www.newrelic.de
,
codestream.com
,
pixielabs.ai
,
relibirds.newrelic-es.com
and any related New Relic website operated by New Relic.
Undefined terms used in this General Privacy Notice have the same definition as in our
Terms of Service
.
2. Who We Are
New Relic, Inc. makes monitoring services and tools available via several platforms, including pixielabs.ai, newrelic.com, and codestream.com.  When you create an account with us via one of our platforms, your information is controlled by New Relic, Inc.
New Relic, Inc. is a Delaware corporation headquartered at 188 Spear Street, Suite 1200, San Francisco, CA 94105. New Relic, Inc. has offices, subsidiaries and affiliated companies all around the world (collectively “New Relic”, “we”, “us”, “our”, and “ours”).
For more information about New Relic, please see the
“About Us”
section of our Sites.
3. The Information We Collect About You
New Relic collects Personal Data about you both offline and online. Offline information about you originates from our interactions with you, for example, during in-person meetings or at New Relic events, conferences, or workshops. Online information originates from your activities on our Sites and third party sources.
The Personal Data we may collect includes information such as your name, mailing or billing address, credit card information, username, GitHub ID, email address, company name, IP or MAC address.  We collect this information so we know who you are for various reasons, including to communicate with you, bill you correctly, and to enable you to log-in to and use New Relic Sites and New Relic Separate Platforms.
For more information on the types of Personal Data we collect and how we may receive it, click on “Read more”.
Read more
We may collect offline or online data, such as contact and financial information,  from you directly, automatically, or from third parties, such as data aggregators, that may not have a relationship with you.
a. Personal Data Categories
Personal Data category
Examples of Personal Data included
Contact information
Your name, job title, company name, mailing address, phone number, email address, username, password. Please note that if you are participating in a New Relic online game, e.g., Relibirds, or in any online forum, e.g., New Relic Explorers Hub, you will be prompted to enter a unique username or alias. As this will be publicly visible, New Relic recommends using an alias here instead of your own name/surname.
Financial & billing information
Your billing name and address, credit card number, bank account information
Event visitor information
Your name, title, company name, mailing address, country, phone number, email address
Community profile information
Username, photo and/or biographical information, such as your occupation, social media profiles, profile on Stack Overflow, Github ID, company name, areas of expertise, custom profiles
Office visitor information
Your name, email address, phone number, photograph, company name, time and date of arrival
Pictures, videos, & audio recordings
Images of you captured during a New Relic event or promotion in photos or videos and/or recordings of you made during a research or a promotional session or event with your consent
Device & geographic information
IP address, device type, unique device identification numbers, browser-type, broad geographic location (e.g. country or city-level location), user ID, and other technical information
Information about how your device has interacted with our Sites, including the pages accessed and links clicked
b. Personal Data we collect directly from you includes contact, financial and billing, event visitor, community profile, and office visitor information, as well as pictures, videos and audio recordings, and data we collect automatically, which includes device and geographic information.
Personal Data category
Examples of how it may be collected by New Relic directly
Collected automatically
Contact information
If you
express an interest in obtaining additional information about our Services
request customer support
use our "Contact Us" or similar features
register to use our Sites and other New Relic platforms, such as pixielabs.ai, sign up for or attend an event, webinar or contest
download certain content, such as whitepapers from our Sites or third-party sites
participate in a New Relic research study or promotion
initiate a chat via the New Relic AI chatbot feature on our Site
No
Financial & billing information
If you
make purchases via our Sites
register for an event or webinar
No
Event visitor information
If you
attend an event
No
Community profile information
We may collect this data in a variety of contexts.
If you
attend a New Relic promotion or event, your image may be captured in a photo or video
participate in a New Relic research study your research session may be recorded with your consent.
No
Web traffic information
If you
visit our Sites
Some of this information may be collected using cookies and similar tracking technology, as explained further in the
New Relic Cookie Policy
.
Yes
If you provide to us or to our service providers any Personal Data relating to other individuals or third parties (such as your beneficiaries, references for job candidates, or referrals for the purposes of collaboration within the New Relic platform), you represent that you have the authority to do so and permit us to use the Personal Data in accordance with this General Privacy Notice. If you would like to exercise your rights relating to your Personal Data, please see
Section 9 (Your Choices and Data Protection Rights)
.
If you are that beneficiary or any other third party whose Personal Data was provided to New Relic on your behalf and with your consent, and you would like to exercise your rights relating to your Personal Data, please see
Section 9 (Your Choices and Data Protection Rights)
.
c.
We may collect the following types of Personal Data about you from third parties
that supply us with Personal Data in order to help us establish an account, target our marketing, or fulfill orders in partnership with our resellers.
Our third party company relationships help us to update, expand, and analyze our Personal Data records, identify new customers, optimize our Sites and Services, create more tailored advertising to provide services that may be of interest to you, and manage open source projects.
Personal Data that we collect from third party sources include:
Example Categories of Personal Data
Third party source
Contact information
Intent data (or user behavior data)
Device and geographic information
Community profile information
Providers of business contact information
Resellers, referral and joint marketing partners, distributors, managed service providers, IAAS or PAAS partners, cloud providers, and other technical alliances
Details about a potential customers’ software environment
Resellers, referral and joint marketing partners, distributors, managed service providers, IAAS or PAAS partners, cloud providers, and other technical alliances
User account information
Vendors
User account information
Code repository platforms, such as GitHub
Contact information
Companies that host an event or sponsor an event
We have checked that these third parties have an appropriate legal basis to provide us this Personal Data, such as your consent, a legitimate business interest, or are otherwise legally permitted or required to disclose your Personal Data.
4. How We Use Your Personal Data
In general, Personal Data we collect from you or about you from third parties is used for business and commercial purposes, for example to provide and maintain our Sites, Services, and New Relic Separate Platforms. Additionally, collecting this information enables us to better understand the visitors who come to our Sites, where they come from, and what content on our Sites is of interest to them.
Read more
New Relic uses your Personal Data for the following purposes:
a.
to create & maintain a trusted environment for our Services and Sites,
including in order to
manage the security of our Sites, physical locations, networks, and systems
operate, administer, analyze, develop, improve and optimize the use, function and performance of our Sites, Services, New Relic Separate Platforms and systems
comply with applicable laws and regulations and to operate our business
to manage code check-ins and pull requests for open source and community development projects
b.
to provide our Services and perform our contract with you as our customer
including to
engage in transactions with customers, suppliers and business partners and to process orders for New Relic Services
to provide New Relic Services, New Relic Separate Platforms, survey tools, payment processing services, or the certificate creation tool for New Relic University
c.
to communicate and respond to your requests and inquiries to New Relic, including to
conduct research you agree to participate in or reach out to you to discuss any feedback you may submit, through meetings, surveys, or other tools
respond to your queries and provide you with information and promotional material on New Relic when you initiate a webchat
d.
to market our Services or related products and services to new and existing customers, including
tailor our marketing and sales activities to your company’s interests and in accordance with your communication preferences and your requests for information and to be contacted by New Relic
tailor the purchase of Services
for purposes of targeted advertising, delivering relevant email content and event promotion
to link or combine information about you with other Personal Data we get from third parties, to help understand your needs and provide you with better and more personalized service
by creating anonymous data records from Personal Data in accordance with applicable law.
5. How We Share Your Personal Data
Except as provided in this General Privacy Notice, we do not, and will not, sell Personal Data.
Generally, we may disclose your Personal Data for our business purposes, such as to our service providers, partners or competent law enforcement bodies.
Read More
New Relic may disclose your Personal to
a.
Third party service providers.
We engage with third parties to  support our business and operations.  For example some third party service providers offer services that we use to provide the Services, Sites, and New Relic Separate Platforms, such as cloud providers. New Relic remains liable for any onward transfers to third parties.
b.
Event sponsors and hosts.
If you elect to do so, we may share Personal Data collected at New Relic events, such as FutureStack or New Relic’s seminars, with sponsors and hosts of such events, for valuable consideration from such sponsor or host to New Relic. Such sponsor or host may use it for their business or commercial purposes in accordance with their own privacy notices.
c.
Business partners.
We contract with business partners, such as third party resellers, for our commercial purposes. For instance, if you fill out a form on our Sites, such as by signing up for a free New Relic account, ebook or webinar, or if you reach out to our Sales team, you may be contacted by a designated New Relic partner.
d.
Comply with our legal obligations.
Where we believe disclosure is necessary (i) as a matter of applicable law or regulation, (ii) to exercise, establish or defend our legal rights, or (iii) to protect your vital interests or those of any other person, we may disclose your Personal Data in response to lawful requests by a public authority, including any competent law enforcement body, regulatory, government agency, court or other third party, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
e.
New Relic entities.
We may share your Personal Data within New Relic, such as with or between subsidiaries of New Relic, Inc.  We and our subsidiaries will only use the information as described in this notice.
f.
Actual or potential buyers.
In connection with any actual or proposed purchase, merger or acquisition of any part of our business, provided that we inform the buyer (and its agents and advisors) it must use your Personal Data only for the purposes disclosed in this General Privacy Notice.
g.
Other person(s).
Where you provide consent to the disclosure or as allowed by applicable data protection law, we may share your information as described at the time of consent.
6. Legal Basis for Processing Your Personal Data
When we use your Personal Data, we take care to ensure that it is used in an appropriate way. Our use of Personal Data is done under one of various legal bases, including for our legitimate interest, in performance of a contract or with your consent.
If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your Personal Data, please see
Section 17 (How to Contact Us)
.
Read More
We will process your Personal Data and share that Personal Data in accordance with this Privacy Notice where:
Its use is necessary
for a contract
you have entered into or because you have asked for something to be done so you can enter into a contract with us
Its use is necessary because of a
legal obligation
that applies to us (except an obligation imposed by a contract). This may include responding to subpoenas, warrants or other requests served on New Relic anywhere in the world or to protect or defend the rights or property of New Relic or its users
You have consented
to its use in a specific way. For example where you have consented to receiving marketing materials. You may withdraw your consent at any time as further described in
Section 9 (Your Choices and Data Protection Rights
Its use is in accordance with
our legitimate interests
e.g. to manage our business, subject to those interests not overriding your fundamental rights and freedoms. This may include the activities and purposes described in
Section 4 (How We Use Your Personal Data)
and
Section 5 (How We Share Your Personal Data)
.
7. How Long We Hold Your Personal Data
We retain Personal Data we collect from you where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you Services you have requested or to comply with applicable legal, tax or accounting requirements). This may also include situations where litigation is pending or ongoing and such information is subject to a legal hold.
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your Personal Data, we will either delete or anonymise it or, if this is not possible (for example, because your Personal Data has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your Personal Data and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.  Where we rely on your consent you have the right to withdraw it at any time in the manner indicated when you consent.
If you have questions about or need further information concerning the retention of your Personal Data, please see
Section 17 (How to Contact Us)
.
8. International Data Transfers
When you use our Services or Sites, your Personal Data may be transferred to, and processed in, countries where we or our service providers operate. These may be countries other than the country in which you are located These countries may have data protection laws that are different from the laws of your country.
Read more
If you are located in the European Economic Area (EEA), Switzerland, and/or the United Kingdom (UK) your Personal Data will be accessed by New Relic staff or suppliers, transferred, and/or stored outside the EEA, Switzerland and/or the UK.
We take appropriate safeguards to require that your Personal Data will remain protected in accordance with this General Data Privacy Notice and as required by applicable data protection law, including: (i) requiring that our third-party service providers and partners employ an adequate method of transfer, such as the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses (further details of which can be provided upon request). Additionally, New Relic (including its covered entity Codestream) complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.  New Relic (including its covered entity Codestream) has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of Personal Data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.  New Relic has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of Personal Data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF.  If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy notice and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. New Relic is subject to the investigation and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.  In compliance with the EU- U.S. DPF (and the UK Extension to the EU- U.S. DPF) and the Swiss- U.S. DPF, New Relic commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your Personal Data.  Individuals from the EU, Switzerland and the UK with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of Personal Data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact New Relic as set out at Section 9 (c) of this Privacy Notice:
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, New Relic commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to JAMS, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.  If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit https://www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-data-privacy-framework for more information or to file a complaint.  The services of JAMS are provided at no cost to you. Additionally,you may have the possibility to engage in binding arbitration through the Data Privacy Framework Arbitration Panel under certain circumstances. To find out more about the Data Privacy Framework’s binding arbitration scheme, see
Annex 1 of the EU- U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles
.
9. Your Choices and Data Protection Rights
New Relic takes reasonable steps to ensure that the Personal Data we collect is reliable for its intended use, accurate, complete and up to date. We offer certain data protection options to all individuals, including the ability to opt out of receiving marketing communications, to amend your Personal Data contained in your account, and to request we delete your account information.
For more information on the rights and options you have, including jurisdiction-specific rights, please click Read More.
Read More
a. When it comes to
your marketing choices,
we offer you choices regarding the collection, use, and sharing of your Personal Data. We will periodically send you newsletters and emails that directly promote the use of our Sites or the purchase of our Services (marketing and/or sales communications) as the following applies : (i) in accordance with your marketing preferences, (ii) if you sign up for a New Relic account or other content, (iii) request to be contacted by New Relic and/or if you request information from New Relic.
You can opt out of receiving marketing communications from us at any time by clicking (1) the 'unsubscribe' or ‘opt out’ link at the bottom of the marketing emails you receive, (2) adjusting your email preferences provided
here
, or (3) by sending an email to Privacy@newrelic.com. Please note that it may take up to three days to remove your contact information from our marketing communications lists, so you may receive correspondence from us for a short time after you make your request. Your email preferences only affect marketing communications. You will not be able to opt out of service related emails from us, such as, e.g., transactional emails, or notices of updates to our Terms of Service, Services Privacy Notice, or this General Privacy Notice.
Should you decide to opt-out of receiving future mailings, we will retain a record of your preference (including retaining your email address) and we may share your email address with third parties solely for the purpose of ensuring that you do not receive further marketing communications related to our Services from third parties.
b. We apply certain
data protection rights to all individuals (including individuals covered by the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF)
, regardless of location.  Specifically, you may correct or update Personal Data contained in your account by editing your profile within the registration portion of our Sites or sending an email to Personaldatarequests@newrelic.com. You may also request we delete your account information by completing this
form
, if you have an account, or by sending an email to Personaldatarequests@newrelic.com. If you would like to remove your Personal Data from a Site testimonial or our blog you can send an email to Personaldatarequests@newrelic.com. If you have participated in an online game, e.g. Relibirds or in any online New Relic forum, e.g. New Relic Explorers hub and would like to have your Personal Data deleted, please send an email to Personaldatarequests@newrelic.com and specify which game and/or forum you participated in; this will enable us to identify your Personal Data and fulfill your request. Please note that if you engage in messaging other users of a public forum, another user may request deletion of the message(s) which means that they will no longer be available for any user to view.
When you reach out to us, we will endeavor to respond without delay in accordance with applicable data protection laws. We may need to ask you additional clarifying questions in order to accurately respond to your request and to verify you are making the request in respect of your own Personal Data.
With respect to deletion requests, we may be required (by law or otherwise) to keep Personal Data and not remove it (or to keep this information for a certain time, in which case we will comply with your deletion request only after we have fulfilled such requirements). We will let you know if we are unable to comply with this request and the reasons why.
c. EEA & the United Kingdom
In addition to the rights to correct, update, or request to delete Personal Data outlined above, persons located in the EEA or the United Kingdom have some additional data protection rights under EEA and UK data protection laws.
These rights include the right to find out if we use your Personal Data, or to access your Personal Data.
Also, you can object to the processing of Personal Data we process on the basis of our legitimate business interests, ask us to restrict processing, or request portability of your Personal Data.
Where we have collected and processed your Personal Data on the basis of consent, you can withdraw your consent at any time. You should note that withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to the withdrawal, nor will it affect the processing of your Personal Data where we relied on lawful bases other than consent.
You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data.  For more information, please contact your local data protection authority.
If you are an EEA or UK individual  (including any individual covered by the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF) and have a New Relic account, you can exercise your access right by completing this
form
. If you do not have a New Relic account, and want to exercise your access right or any of the other rights outlined in this Section and would like to make any of these requests, please submit your request to Privacy@newrelic.com.
d. Privacy Rights under U.S. Privacy Laws
Certain U.S. states have enacted consumer privacy laws. If a U.S. state’s privacy law applies to you, and you have any questions about New Relic’s privacy practices, you can contact us as described in
Section 17 (How to Contact Us)
. Additionally, if you wish to submit a complaint to your state Attorney General (where applicable), you may find the relevant information on how to do so
here
.
California
New Relic provides services to businesses and complies with the applicable provisions of the California Consumer Privacy Act. If you are a California resident, please see our
California Privacy Notice
.
Nevada
If you are a resident of Nevada, you have the right to submit a request that we do not sell to third parties certain types of personal information that we have collected or will collect about you. You can exercise this right by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com with the subject line “Nevada Do Not Sell Request” and providing us with your name and the email address. Please note that we do not currently sell your personal information as the term “sale” is defined in Nevada Revised Statutes Chapter 603A.
Virginia
If you are a Virginia resident, you have some additional data protection rights. under the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act, in addition to the rights to correct, update, or request to delete Personal Data outlined above.
You can request that we confirm if we actually process your Personal Data and request access to such Personal Data. You have the right to request a portable copy of the Personal Data that you provided to us. You have the right to opt out of the processing of the Personal Data for purposes of targeted advertising, the sale of Personal Data, or profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning the consumer. Please note that New Relic does not “sell” your Personal Data as the term “sale” is defined in the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act. New Relic engages in targeted advertising as that term is defined under the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act. This means that New Relic may disclose Personal Data for targeted advertising in line with your choices.
You have the right to opt out of the sale of your Personal Data.
You may opt out of the disclosure of your Personal Data for targeted advertising by clicking on the Your Privacy Choices tab on www.newrelic.com or by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com with the subject line “Virginia Do Not Disclose My Data for Targeted Advertising”. You have the right not to be discriminated against based on exercising your data protection rights, and we do not discriminate against any individual for doing so. In order to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, we may require you to verify your credentials before you can submit a data protection request. If you do not have an account with us, or if we suspect that your account has been accessed without your authorization, we may ask you to provide additional personal information for verification purposes.
If we refuse to take action on a data protection request that you have made, you may appeal our decision within a reasonable period of time by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com and specifying that you wish to appeal. Within 60 days of our receipt of your appeal, we will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If your appeal is denied, you may submit a complaint to your state Attorney General as described above.
Colorado
If you are a Colorado resident, you have some additional data protection rights under the Colorado Consumer Privacy Act, in addition to the rights to correct, update, or request to delete Personal Data outlined above.
You can request that we confirm if we actually process your Personal Data and request access to such Personal Data. You have the right to request a portable copy of the Personal Data that you provided to us. You have the right to opt out of the processing of the Personal Data for purposes of targeted advertising, the sale of Personal Data, or profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning the consumer. Please note that New Relic does not “sell” your Personal Data as the term “sale” is defined in the Colorado Consumer Privacy Act. New Relic engages in targeted advertising as that term is defined under the Colorado Consumer Privacy Act. This means that New Relic may disclose Personal Data for targeted advertising in line with your choices.
You may opt out of the disclosure of your Personal Data for targeted advertising by clicking on the Your Privacy Choices tab on www.newrelic.com or by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com with the subject line “Colorado Do Not Disclose My Data for Targeted Advertising”. In order to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, we may require you to verify your credentials before you can submit a data protection request. If you do not have an account with us, or if we suspect that your account has been accessed without your authorization, we may ask you to provide additional personal information for verification purposes.
If we refuse to take action on a data protection request that you have made, you may appeal our decision within a reasonable period of time by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com and specifying that you wish to appeal. Within 45 days of our receipt of your appeal, we will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If your appeal is denied, you may submit a complaint to your state Attorney General by following the instructions as described above.
Connecticut
If you are a Connecticut resident, you have some additional data protection rights under the Connecticut Data Privacy Act in respect of Personal Data that we collect and/or process on you, which are in addition to the rights to correct, update, or request to delete such Personal Data as outlined above.
You can request that we confirm if we actually process your Personal Data and request access to such Personal Data. You have the right to request a copy of  your Personal Data processed by us in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format where the processing is carried out by automated means subject to applicable restrictions.  You have the right to opt out of the processing of the Personal Data for purposes of targeted advertising, the sale of Personal Data, or profiling in furtherance of solely automated decisions that produce a legal or other significant impact concerning the consumer. Please note that New Relic does not “sell” your Personal Data as the term “sale” is defined in the Connecticut Data Privacy Act. New Relic engages in targeted advertising as that term is defined under the Connecticut Data Privacy Act. This means that New Relic may disclose Personal Data for targeted advertising in line with your choices.
You may opt out of the disclosure of your Personal Data for targeted advertising by clicking on the Your Privacy Choices tab on www.newrelic.com or by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com with the subject line “Connecticut Do Not Disclose My Data for Targeted Advertising”. In order to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, we may require you to verify your credentials before you can submit a data protection request. If you do not have an account with us, or if we suspect that your account has been accessed without your authorization, we may ask you to provide additional personal information for verification purposes.
If we refuse to take action on a data protection request that you have made, you may appeal our decision within a reasonable period of time by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com and specifying that you wish to appeal. Within 60 days of our receipt of your appeal, we will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If your appeal is denied, you may submit a complaint to your state Attorney General as described above.
Utah
If you are a Utah resident, you have some additional data protection rights under the Utah Consumer Privacy Act in addition to the right to delete Personal Data outlined above.
You can request that we confirm if we actually process your Personal Data and request access to such Personal Data. You have the right to request a portable copy of the Personal Data that you provided to us. You have the right to opt out of the processing of the Personal Data for purposes of targeted advertising and the sale of Personal Data. Please note that New Relic does not “sell” your Personal Data as the term “sale” is defined in the Utah Consumer Privacy Act. New Relic engages in targeted advertising as that term is defined under the Utah Consumer Privacy Act. This means that New Relic may disclose Personal Data for targeted advertising in line with your choices.
You may opt out of the disclosure of your Personal Data for targeted advertising by clicking on the Your Privacy Choices tab on www.newrelic.com or by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com with the subject line “Utah Do Not Disclose My Data for Targeted Advertising”. In order to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, we may require you to verify your credentials before you can submit a data protection request. If you do not have an account with us, or if we suspect that your account has been accessed without your authorization, we may ask you to provide additional personal information for verification purposes.
Oregon
If you are an Oregon resident, you have some additional data protection rights under the Oregon Consumer Privacy Act in respect of Personal Data that we collect and/or process on you, which are in addition to the rights to correct, update, or request to delete such Personal Data (including any derived data) as outlined above. Where we have collected and processed your Personal Data on the basis of consent, you can withdraw your consent at any time. You should note that withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to the withdrawal, nor will it affect the processing of your Personal Data where we relied on lawful bases other than consent. The withdrawal of consent may mean however that certain services are no longer available to you.
You can request that we confirm if we actually process, or processed, your Personal Data and request access to such Personal Data. You have the right to request a copy of your Personal Data processed by us in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format where the processing is carried out by automated means subject to applicable restrictions. You have the right to know what third parties we have disclosed your Personal Data to. You have the right to opt out of the processing of the Personal Data for purposes of targeted advertising, the sale of Personal Data, or profiling in furtherance of solely automated decisions that produce a legal or other significant impact concerning the consumer. Please note that New Relic does not “sell” your Personal Data as the term “sale” is defined in the Oregon Consumer Privacy Act. New Relic engages in targeted advertising as that term is defined under the Oregon Consumer Privacy Act. This means that New Relic may disclose Personal Data for targeted advertising in line with your choices.
You may opt out of the disclosure of your Personal Data for targeted advertising by clicking on the Your Privacy Choices tab on www.newrelic.com or by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com with the subject line “Oregon Do Not Disclose My Data for Targeted Advertising”. You have the right not to be discriminated against based on exercising your data protection rights, and we do not discriminate against any individual for doing so.  In order to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, we may require you to verify your credentials before you can submit a data protection request. If you do not have an account with us, or if we suspect that your account has been accessed without your authorization, we may ask you to provide additional personal information for verification purposes.
If we refuse to take action on a data protection request that you have made, you may appeal our decision within a reasonable period of time by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com and specifying that you wish to appeal. Within 45 days of our receipt of your appeal, we will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If your appeal is denied, you may submit a complaint to your state Attorney General as described above.
Texas
If you are a Texas resident, you have some additional data protection rights under the Texas Data Privacy & Security Act in respect of Personal Data that we collect and/or process on you, which are in addition to the rights to correct, update, or request to delete such Personal Data as outlined above.
You can request that we confirm if we actually process your Personal Data and request access to such Personal Data. You have the right to request a copy of your Personal Data processed by us in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format where the processing is carried out by automated means subject to applicable restrictions. You have the right to opt out of the processing of the Personal Data for purposes of targeted advertising, the sale of Personal Data, or profiling in furtherance of solely automated decisions that produce a legal or other significant impact concerning the consumer. Please note that New Relic does not “sell” your Personal Data as the term “sale” is defined in the Texas Data Privacy & Security Act. New Relic engages in targeted advertising as that term is defined under the Texas Data Privacy & Security Act. This means that New Relic may disclose Personal Data for targeted advertising in line with your choices.
You may opt out of the disclosure of your Personal Data for targeted advertising by clicking on the Your Privacy Choices tab on www.newrelic.com or by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com with the subject line “Texas Do Not Disclose My Data for Targeted Advertising”. In order to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, we may require you to verify your credentials before you can submit a data protection request. If you do not have an account with us, or if we suspect that your account has been accessed without your authorization, we may ask you to provide additional personal information for verification purposes.
If we refuse to take action on a data protection request that you have made, you may appeal our decision within a reasonable period of time by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com and specifying that you wish to appeal. Within 60 days of our receipt of your appeal, we will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If your appeal is denied, you may submit a complaint to your state Attorney General as described above.
Delaware
If you are a Delaware resident, you have some additional data protection rights under the Delaware Personal Data Privacy Act in respect of Personal Data that we collect and/or process on you, which are in addition to the rights to correct, update, or request to delete such Personal Data as outlined above.
You can request that we confirm if we actually process your Personal Data and request access to such Personal Data. You have the right to request a copy of your Personal Data processed by us in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format where the processing is carried out by automated means subject to applicable restrictions. You have the right to opt out of the processing of the Personal Data for purposes of targeted advertising, the sale of Personal Data, or profiling in furtherance of solely automated decisions that produce a legal or other significant impact concerning the consumer. Please note that New Relic does not “sell” your Personal Data as the term “sale” is defined in the Delaware Personal Data Privacy Act. New Relic engages in targeted advertising as that term is defined under the Delaware Personal Data Privacy Act. This means that New Relic may disclose Personal Data for targeted advertising in line with your choices.
You may opt out of the disclosure of your Personal Data for targeted advertising by clicking on the Your Privacy Choices tab on www.newrelic.com or by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com with the subject line “Delaware Do Not Disclose My Data for Targeted Advertising”. In order to protect your Personal Data from unauthorised access, we may require you to verify your credentials before you can submit a data protection request. If you do not have an account with us, or if we suspect that your account has been accessed without your authorization, we may ask you to provide additional personal information for verification purposes.
If we refuse to take action on a data protection request that you have made, you may appeal our decision within a reasonable period of time by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com and specifying that you wish to appeal. Within 60 days of our receipt of your appeal, we will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If your appeal is denied, you may submit a complaint to your state attorney general by following the instructions described above.
Iowa
If you are an Iowa resident, you have some additional data protection rights under the Iowa Consumer Data Protection Act in respect of Personal Data that we collect and/or process on you, which are in addition to the rights to correct, update, or request to delete such Personal Data as outlined above.
You can request that we confirm if we actually process your Personal Data and request access to such Personal Data. You have the right to request a copy of your Personal Data processed by us in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format where the processing is carried out by automated means subject to applicable restrictions. You have the right to opt out of the processing of the Personal Data for purposes of targeted advertising and the sale of Personal Data. Please note that New Relic does not “sell” your Personal Data as the term “sale” is defined in the Iowa Consumer Data Protection Act. New Relic engages in targeted advertising as that term is defined under the Iowa Consumer Data Protection Act. This means that New Relic may disclose Personal Data for targeted advertising in line with your choices.
You may opt out of the disclosure of your Personal Data for targeted advertising by clicking on the Your Privacy Choices tab on www.newrelic.com or by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com with the subject line “Iowa Do Not Disclose My Data for Targeted Advertising”. In order to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, we may require you to verify your credentials before you can submit a data protection request. If you do not have an account with us, or if we suspect that your account has been accessed without your authorization, we may ask you to provide additional personal information for verification purposes.
If we refuse to take action on a data protection request that you have made, you may appeal our decision within a reasonable period of time by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com and specifying that you wish to appeal. Within 60 days of our receipt of your appeal, we will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If your appeal is denied, you may submit a complaint to your state attorney general by following the instructions described above.
Montana
If you are a Montana resident, you have some additional data protection rights under the Montana Consumer Data Privacy Act in respect of Personal Data that we collect and/or process on you, which are in addition to the rights to correct, update, or request to delete such Personal Data as outlined above.
You can request that we confirm if we actually process your Personal Data and request access to such Personal Data. You have the right to request a copy of your Personal Data processed by us in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format where the processing is carried out by automated means subject to applicable restrictions. You have the right to opt out of the processing of the Personal Data for purposes of targeted advertising, the sale of Personal Data, or profiling in furtherance of solely automated decisions that produce a legal or other significant impact concerning the consumer. Please note that New Relic does not “sell” your Personal Data as the term “sale” is defined in the Montana Consumer Data Privacy Act. New Relic engages in targeted advertising as that term is defined under the Montana Consumer Data Privacy Act. This means that New Relic may disclose Personal Data for targeted advertising in line with your choices.
You may opt out of the disclosure of your Personal Data for targeted advertising by clicking on the Your Privacy Choices tab on www.newrelic.com or by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com with the subject line “Montana Do Not Disclose My Data for Targeted Advertising”. In order to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, we may require you to verify your credentials before you can submit a data protection request. If you do not have an account with us, or if we suspect that your account has been accessed without your authorization, we may ask you to provide additional personal information for verification purposes.
If we refuse to take action on a data protection request that you have made, you may appeal our decision within a reasonable period of time by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com and specifying that you wish to appeal. Within 60 days of our receipt of your appeal, we will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If your appeal is denied, you may submit a complaint to your state attorney general by following the instructions described above.
New Hampshire
If you are a New Hampshire resident, you have some additional data protection rights under the New Hampshire Data Privacy Act in respect of Personal Data that we collect and/or process on you, which are in addition to the rights to correct, update, or request to delete such Personal Data as outlined above.
You can request that we confirm if we actually process your Personal Data and request access to such Personal Data. Please note that access may be denied if access would also involve the disclosure of confidential company information, e.g. a trade secret. You have the right to request a copy of your Personal Data processed by us in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format where the processing is carried out by automated means subject to applicable restrictions. You have the right to opt out of the processing of the Personal Data for purposes of targeted advertising, the sale of Personal Data, or profiling in furtherance of solely automated decisions that produce a legal or other significant impact concerning the consumer. Please note that New Relic does not “sell” your Personal Data as the term “sale” is defined in the New Hampshire Data Privacy Act. New Relic engages in targeted advertising as that term is defined under the New Hampshire Data Privacy Act. This means that New Relic may disclose Personal Data for targeted advertising in line with your choices.
You may opt out of the disclosure of your Personal Data for targeted advertising by clicking on the Your Privacy Choices tab on www.newrelic.com or by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com with the subject line “New Hampshire Do Not Disclose My Data for Targeted Advertising”. You have the right not to be discriminated against based on exercising your data protection rights, and we do not discriminate against any individual for doing so. In order to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, we may require you to verify your credentials before you can submit a data protection request. If you do not have an account with us, or if we suspect that your account has been accessed without your authorization, we may ask you to provide additional personal information for verification purposes.
If we refuse to take action on a data protection request that you have made, you may appeal our decision within a reasonable period of time by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com and specifying that you wish to appeal. Within 60 days of our receipt of your appeal, we will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If your appeal is denied, you may submit a complaint to your state attorney general by following the instructions described above.
Nebraska
If you are a Nebraska resident, you have some additional data protection rights under the Nebraska Data Privacy Act in respect of Personal Data that we collect and/or process on you, which are in addition to the rights to correct, update, or request to delete such Personal Data as outlined above.
You can request that we confirm if we actually process your Personal Data and request access to such Personal Data. You have the right to request a copy of your Personal Data processed by us in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format where the processing is carried out by automated means subject to applicable restrictions. You have the right to opt out of the processing of the Personal Data for purposes of targeted advertising, the sale of Personal Data, or profiling in furtherance of solely automated decisions that produce a legal or other significant impact concerning the consumer. Please note that New Relic does not “sell” your Personal Data as the term “sale” is defined in the Nebraska Data Privacy Act. New Relic engages in targeted advertising as that term is defined under the Nebraska Data Privacy Act. This means that New Relic may disclose Personal Data for targeted advertising in line with your choices.
You may opt out of the disclosure of your Personal Data for targeted advertising by clicking on the Your Privacy Choices tab on www.newrelic.com or by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com with the subject line “Nebraska Do Not Disclose My Data for Targeted Advertising”. You have the right not to be discriminated against based on exercising your data protection rights, and we do not discriminate against any individual for doing so. In order to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, we may require you to verify your credentials before you can submit a data protection request. If you do not have an account with us, or if we suspect that your account has been accessed without your authorization, we may ask you to provide additional personal information for verification purposes.
If we refuse to take action on a data protection request that you have made, you may appeal our decision within a reasonable period of time by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com and specifying that you wish to appeal. Within 45 days of our receipt of your appeal, we will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If your appeal is denied, you may submit a complaint to your state attorney general by following the instructions described above.
New Jersey
If you are a New Jersey resident, you have some additional data protection rights under the New Jersey Privacy Act in respect of Personal Data that we collect and/or process on you, which are in addition to the rights to correct, update, or request to delete such Personal Data as outlined above.
You can request that we confirm if we actually process your Personal Data and request access to such Personal Data. You have the right to request a copy of your Personal Data processed by us in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format where the processing is carried out by automated means subject to applicable restrictions. You have the right to opt out of the processing of the Personal Data for purposes of targeted advertising, the sale of Personal Data, or profiling in furtherance of solely automated decisions that produce a legal or other significant impact concerning the consumer. Please note that New Relic does not “sell” your Personal Data as the term “sale” is defined in the New Jersey Privacy Act. New Relic engages in targeted advertising as that term is defined under the New Jersey Privacy Act. This means that New Relic may disclose Personal Data for targeted advertising in line with your choices.
You may opt out of the disclosure of your Personal Data for targeted advertising by clicking on the Your Privacy Choices tab on www.newrelic.com or by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com with the subject line “New Jersey Do Not Disclose My Data for Targeted Advertising”. You have the right not to be discriminated against based on exercising your data protection rights, and we do not discriminate against any individual for doing so. In order to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, we may require you to verify your credentials before you can submit a data protection request. If you do not have an account with us, or if we suspect that your account has been accessed without your authorization, we may ask you to provide additional personal information for verification purposes.
If we refuse to take action on a data protection request that you have made, you may appeal our decision within a reasonable period of time by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com and specifying that you wish to appeal. Within 45 days of our receipt of your appeal, we will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If your appeal is denied, you may submit a complaint to your state attorney general by following the instructions described above.
e. Australia Supplemental Data Protection Law Disclosures. New Relic will process Personal Data under this General Data Privacy Notice in accordance with the Australian Privacy Act 1988 and the Australia Privacy Principles. If you are
an Australian resident
and you are dissatisfied with our handling of a data subject right request or a complaint, you can always contact us at Privacy@newrelic.com. If you disagree with the resolution proposed by us, you may make a complaint to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (“OAIC”) by contacting the OAIC using the methods listed on their website http://www.oaic.gov.au.
10. Do Not Track and Global Privacy Control
New Relic does not currently commit to responding to browser’s “do not track” or “DNT” preference across its Sites and Services, because no common industry standard for DNT has been adopted by industry groups, technology companies or regulators, including no consistent standard of interpreting user intent.  New Relic takes privacy and choices regarding privacy seriously and will make efforts to continue to monitor the development around DNT browser technology and the implementation of a standard for DNT.  Global Privacy Control is a browser setting that allows you to notify websites you visit about your privacy preferences. New Relic honors website visitors’ Global Privacy Control signals.
11. Advertising
We may partner with third party ad networks either to display advertising on our Sites or to manage our advertising on other sites.  Our ad network partner may use cookies and web beacons to collect non-personally identifiable information about your activities on our Sites to provide you targeted advertising based upon your interests. To learn more about targeted advertising and advertising networks and about your ability to opt out of collection by certain third parties, please visit the opt-out pages of the Network Advertising Initiative,
here
, and the Digital Advertising Alliance,
here
. In addition, if you wish to opt-out of interest-based advertising click
here
(or, if located in the EU, click
here
).
Please note this does not opt you out of being served advertising.  You will continue to receive generic ads.
12. Third Party Websites and Social Media Widgets
This General Privacy Notice applies to the use and disclosure of Personal Data that we collect as described herein.
Our provision of a link to any other website or location is for your convenience and does not signify our endorsement of such other website or location or its contents. When you click on such a link, you will leave our site and go to another site. During this process, a third party may collect Personal Data from you.
We have no control over, do not review, and cannot be responsible for, these outside websites or their content. Please be aware that the terms of this General Privacy Notice do not apply to these outside websites or content, or to any collection of data after you click on a link to a third party. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy statement of any website you visit.
Our Sites also include social media features, such as the Facebook Like button and widgets, such as the “Share this” button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our Sites, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Sites.  Your interactions with these features are also governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
13. AI Chatbot
New Relic offers a third-party AI chatbot feature on our Site to enable us and our visitors conduct a live chat and/or so New Relic can provide the visitor with information upon request. We use cookies and your IP address to provide the service and to collect information about visitors' behavior on our Site. A chat session may be monitored, recorded or shared with the third party.
14. Security of Your Personal Data
New Relic is committed to protecting the security of your Personal Data. We use appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. For instance, when you enter your credit card number on our order forms, we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). All account accesses require users to provide their username and password. It is the responsibility of each user to maintain this information in a secure manner. Despite these measures, you should know that New Relic cannot fully eliminate security risks associated with Personal Data and mistakes and security breaches may happen. If you have any questions about security on our Sites, you can contact us as described in
Section 17 (How to Contact Us)
.
15. Children
Our Sites are not directed to children and we do not intentionally gather Personal Data about visitors who are under the age of 18. If you learn that anyone younger than 18 has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us as described in
Section 17 (How to Contact Us)
, and we will take steps to delete such information.
16. Changes to this Privacy Notice
This General Privacy Notice may be changed from time to time, and if we make any substantial changes in the way we use your Personal Data, we will take appropriate measures to inform you, consistent with the significance of the changes we make.  You can see when this General Privacy Notice was last updated by checking the “last updated” date displayed at the top of this General Privacy Notice.
This Privacy Notice is effective as of the date set out at the top of this Privacy Notice.  It describes the categories of personal information that we have collected, disclosed for a business or commercial purpose and sold over the preceding twelve (12) months.
17. How to Contact Us
New Relic has a Data Protection Officer and has nominated both local and global Data Protection Officers. If you have questions about how your Personal Data is collected, stored, shared or used, or if you wish to exercise any of your data rights, or if you have a disability and need to access this notice in an alternative format, please contact our Data Protection Officers at:
By email: privacy@newrelic.com
By mail: Attn: Legal Data Subject Request
New Relic, Inc.
188 Spear Street
Suite 1000
San Francisco, CA 94105
New Relic appointed New Relic International Limited as its EU data protection representative, and the Irish Data Protection Commissioner is New Relic supervisory authority. You can contact New Relic EU Representative by emailing privacy@newrelic.com attn: New Relic EU Representative.
New Relic appointed New Relic UK Limited as its UK data protection representative, and the Information Commissioner’s Office is New Relic supervisory authority in the United Kingdom. You can contact New Relic UK Representative at:
Strand Bridge House
138-142 The Strand
London, England WC2R 1HL
Or by emailing privacy@newrelic.com attn: New Relic UK Representative.
For any complaints regarding our compliance with our privacy and security practices including complaints under the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, please contact New Relic first. New Relic will investigate and attempt to resolve any complaints and disputes regarding our privacy practices.
The data controller of your Personal Data for all countries that New Relic does business is New Relic, Inc., unless you have contracted directly with New Relic, K.K. in Japan, in which case New Relic, K.K. is the data controller.
*Updated on February 28, 2025 with additional information on uses and disclosures on Personal Data.
Prior Versions
October 7, 2024
Aug 23, 2024
July 1, 2024
December 20, 2023
Sub-policy 5
https://www.cloudflare.com/privacypolicy/:
Solutions
By topic
By need
By industry
Public interest
Global services
Connectivity cloud
Contact sales
Products
Our products
For your employees
For apps and infrastructure
For developers
Register domain name
Free DNS resolver
Need help choosing?
Latest product news
Contact sales
Pricing
Our plans & pricing
For enterprise
For small business
For hobbyists and individuals
Compare all plans
Need help choosing?
View FAQs
Contact sales
Resources
Library
Documentation
Getting Started
Application Security
Application Services
Zero Trust Services
Developer Platform
Network Services
Insights
API
AI
Learning
Trust & compliance
Trends & insights
Blog
Cloudflare TV
Community forum
Get help
Contact sales
Partners
Partner network
Peering portal
Partner Network
Why Cloudflare
Why choose Cloudflare
Learn about Cloudflare
Comparisons
Why trust Cloudflare
Contact sales
Sign up
Sign up
Under attack?
Under attack?
Log in
Log in
Support
Community Support
Help Center
Contact Cloudflare
Lost account access?
Log in
Log in
Privacy Policy
Overview
Policy application
Information we collect
How we use information we collect
Data aggregation
Information sharing
Notice to UK and EU residents
International information transfers
Data subject rights and choices
Communication preferences
Data security, data integrity and access
Data retention
Notification of changes
Business transactions
English language controls
Dispute resolution
Notice to California residents
Contact information
Legal questions
Have Questions?
If you have questions about these terms or anything else about Cloudflare, please don't hesitate to contact us:
+1 (650) 319-8930
Cloudflare, Inc.
101 Townsend St,
San Francisco, CA 94107
USA
Cloudflare Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of August 28, 2024.
We have updated our July 18, 2024 Privacy Policy to update the contact email of our Data Protection Officer.
This Cloudflare Privacy Policy (“Policy”) outlines the personal information that Cloudflare, Inc. (“Cloudflare”, “we”, “us” or “our”) gathers, how we use that personal information, and the options you have to access, correct, or delete such personal information.
CLOUDFLARE’S PROMISE
Our mission to help build a better Internet is rooted in the importance we place on establishing trust with our Customers, users, and the Internet community globally. To earn and maintain that trust, we commit to communicating transparently, providing security, and protecting the privacy of data on our systems.
We keep your personal information personal and private. We will not sell or rent your personal information. We will only share or otherwise disclose your personal information as necessary to provide our Services or as otherwise described in this Policy, except in cases where we first provide you with notice and the opportunity to consent.
1. POLICY APPLICATION
This Policy applies to Cloudflare’s collection, use, and disclosure of the personal information of the following categories of data subjects:
Attendees
: Those who visit our offices or provide their information to Cloudflare or Cloudflare representatives when they attend or register to attend Cloudflare-sponsored events or other events at which Cloudflare (and/or its representatives) participates, as well as those who participate in Cloudflare’s studies such as user experience research.
Website Visitors
: Those who visit our Websites, including those who may opt to provide an email address or other contact information to receive communications from Cloudflare, fill out a survey, or provide feedback. For the purposes of this Policy, “Websites” refer collectively to
www.cloudflare.com
as well as any other websites Cloudflare operates for its own behalf and that link to this Policy. For clarity, “Websites” does not include any sites owned or operated by our Customers, including where we serve as Registrar.
Customers
: Individuals or entities who enter into a subscription agreement with Cloudflare (or its authorized partner) and to whom Cloudflare provides Services pursuant to such agreement. For purposes of this Policy, “Services” shall refer to all of the cloud-based solutions offered, marketed, or sold by Cloudflare or its authorized partners that are designed to increase the performance, security, and availability of Internet properties, applications, devices, and networks, along with any software, software development kits, and application programming interfaces ("APIs") made available in connection with the foregoing.
Administrative Users
: Those with login credentials for a Cloudflare account and/or those who administer any of the Services for a Customer. In some cases, an Administrative User and Customer may be the same individual. In other cases, an Administrative User may be an agent acting on behalf of a Customer.
Public DNS Resolver Users
: Those who use Cloudflare’s 1.1.1.1 public recursive Domain Name System (“DNS”) resolver service, including 1.1.1.1 for Families ("1.1.1.1 resolver"). Learn more about the 1.1.1.1 resolver
here
.
End Users
: Those who (i) access or use our Customers’ domains, networks, websites, application programming interfaces, and applications, or (ii) Customers’ employees, agents, or contractors, who access or use Services, such as Cloudflare Zero Trust end users.
Registrants:
Users of Cloudflare’s domain registrar services. Cloudflare is an
ICANN
-accredited registrar and complies with the
2013 Registrar Accreditation Agreement
(“RAA”).
This Policy does not apply to “Application Users”—those individuals who use Cloudflare’s consumer-facing 1.1.1.1 Application. See the
1.1.1.1 Application Privacy Policy
for more information about the data collection and use practices for Cloudflare's 1.1.1.1 Application and the associated 1.1.1.1 Application Services.
This Policy also does not apply to our Customers’ domains, websites, APIs, applications, and networks, which may have their own terms and privacy policies. Our Customers are solely responsible for establishing policies for and ensuring compliance with all applicable laws and regulations, including those relating to the collection of personal information, in connection with the use of our Services by End Users with whom our Customers interact.
Cloudflare’s Websites and Services are not intended for, nor designed to attract, individuals under the age of eighteen. Cloudflare does not knowingly collect or share personal information from any person under the age of eighteen. To the extent we become aware that we have the personal information of a person under the age of eighteen, we will delete that information.
When Cloudflare is a reverse proxy, our IP addresses may appear in WHOIS and DNS records for websites using our Services. We are a conduit for information controlled by others. It is our Customers and their users who are responsible for the content transmitted across our network (e.g., images, written content, graphics, etc.).
2. INFORMATION WE COLLECT (Categories of Data Subjects)
Attendees
Name, email address, and other contact information
: We may ask for and collect personal information such as your name, address, phone number and email address when you visit our offices, register for or attend a sponsored event or other events at which Cloudflare (and/or its representatives) participates, or participate in Cloudflare’s studies such as user experience research.
Image and voice
: When you participate in a Cloudflare study, we may ask for your permission to record your voice and/or image during your participation in the study.
Website Visitors
Name, email address, and other contact information
: We ask for and—at your option—collect personal information from you when you submit web forms on our Websites, including opportunities to sign up for and agree to receive email communications from us. We may ask you to submit such personal information if you choose to use interactive features of the Websites, including participation in surveys, contests, promotions, sweepstakes, or studies, requesting customer support, submitting feedback, or otherwise communicating with us. We will send such communications in accordance with applicable law.
Log files
: Just as when you visit and interact with most websites and services delivered via the Internet, when you visit our Websites, including the Cloudflare Community Forum, we gather certain information and store it in log files. This information may include but is not limited to Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, system configuration information, URLs of referring pages, and locale and language preferences.
Cookies and other tracking technologies
: We may use cookies and other information-gathering technologies for a variety of purposes, such as providing us with information about how you interact with our Websites and assisting us in our marketing efforts. You may view a complete list of cookies and change your cookie preferences by clicking on the “Cookie Preferences” link (or, in the United States, the “Your Privacy Choices” link) in the footer of the Cloudflare homepage at cloudflare.com or in the banner displayed when you visit our Websites from certain countries (such as the European Economic Area and the UK). Note that if you disable cookies entirely, Cloudflare’s Websites may not function properly. We may also use cookies and similar technologies to provide you advertising on third-party sites based upon your browsing activities and interests. In addition to exercising cookie choices through our “Cookie Preferences” or “Your Privacy Choices” links, if you do not want to have cookies and similar technologies used for the purpose of serving you interest-based ads, you may opt-out by clicking
here
(or if located in the European Union, the United Kingdom, or Switzerland, click
here
). For more information about the cookies Cloudflare uses and your privacy choices, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
Material contributed in Interactive Areas
: The Websites may offer publicly accessible blogs, community forums, comments sections, discussion forums, or other interactive features (“Interactive Areas”). If you choose to participate in any of these Interactive Areas, please be aware that any information that you post in an Interactive Area might be read, collected, and used by others who access it. If you wish to remove your personal information from any of our Interactive Areas, please see the Section 8, below.
Customers and Administrative Users
Customer Account Information
: When you register for an account, we collect contact information. Depending on subscription level, this contact information may include your Customer name, the email address(es) of your account administrator(s), telephone number, and addresses necessary to process payment and delivery of Services. In addition, when you use the Services, we collect information about how you configure your account and the Services (e.g., firewall settings for the domains you administer). We refer to all of this information collectively as “Customer Account Information” for the purposes of this Policy. Customer Account Information is required to enable your access to your Cloudflare account and Services. By providing us with any personal information, you represent that you are the owner of such personal information or otherwise have the requisite consent to provide it to us. We also maintain logs of Administrative Users’ activity (e.g., actions taken to configure settings in Customers’ account).
Payment information
: We do not require our Customers to have payment information on file with us unless they have a paid subscription to our Services. When you sign up for one of our paid Services, you must provide payment and billing information. The information you will need to submit depends on which payment method you choose. For example, if you pay with a credit card, we will collect your card information and billing address, although we do not store full credit card numbers or personal account numbers.
Crash Reports
: When our Services encounter an unexpected error, you may be asked to submit a crash report, which may contain personal information. You will have an opportunity to review the content of the report prior to submitting the report to us.
Public DNS Resolver Users
Limited DNS query data
: We will collect limited DNS query data that is sent to our 1.1.1.1 resolver. Our 1.1.1.1 resolver service does not log personal information, and the bulk of the limited non-personally identifiable query data is only stored for 25 hours. You can learn more about our 1.1.1.1 resolver commitment to privacy
here
.
Please note that our data handling practices for our 1.1.1.1 Application, which is not covered by this Policy, are somewhat different than our 1.1.1.1 resolver data handling practices and are described
here
.
End Users
Cloudflare processes End Users’ interactions with Customer’s Internet Properties and the Services. This information is processed when End Users access or use our Customers’ domains, websites, APIs, applications, devices, end points, and networks that use one or more of our Services, and when End Users access or use Services, such as Cloudflare Zero Trust. The information processed may include but is not limited to IP addresses, traffic routing data, system configuration information, and other information about traffic to and from Customers’ websites, devices, applications, and/or networks.
The End User data that we make available to our Customers via the Service dashboard or other online interface are specifically defined as “Customer Logs”.
Registrants
Contact and domain information: We collect data such as domain name and status, contact information (such as name, organization, address, phone number and email address), name server, DNSSEC, and Form of Approval (i.e., full WHOIS capture at time of transfer into our system, including the IP address that initiated the transfer).
Network Data.
Cloudflare collects and stores Network Data, which are models, observations, reports, analyses, statistics, databases and other information created, compiled, analyzed, generated or derived by Cloudflare from server, network or traffic data generated by Cloudflare in the course of providing the Service, including information required to help Cloudflare identify, analyze, mitigate, prevent, and block malicious activities on Cloudflare’s network. Examples of Network Data include service uptime and service availability metrics, request volumes, error rates, cache rates, origin and nature of malware, and IP threat scores.
3. HOW WE USE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Cloudflare only processes personal information in a way that is compatible with and relevant to the purpose for which it was collected or authorized. As a general matter, for the categories of data described in Section 2 above, except 1.1.1.1 resolver user data as explained below, we may use your personal information to:
Provide, operate, maintain, improve, and promote the Websites and Services for all users of the Websites and Services;
Enable you to access and use the Websites and Services;
Process and complete transactions, and send you related information, including purchase confirmations and invoices;
Send transactional messages, including responses to your comments, questions, and requests; provide customer service and support; and send you technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;
Comply with legal obligations as well as to investigate and prevent fraudulent transactions, unauthorized access to the Services, and other illegal activities;
For other purposes for which we obtain your consent.
In addition, we may use the information we collect from Attendees, Websites Visitors, and Registrants, as well as Customer Account Information for the following purposes:
Send commercial communications, in accordance with your communication preferences, such as providing you with information about products and services, features, surveys, newsletters, offers, promotions, contests, and events about us and our partners; and send other news or information about us and our partners. See Section 9 below for information on managing your communication preferences.
Process and deliver contest or sweepstakes entries and rewards;
Monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities in connection with the Websites and Services and for marketing or advertising purposes;
Personalize the Websites and Services, including by providing features or content that match your interests and preferences;
To register visitors to our offices and to manage non-disclosure agreements that visitors may be required to sign, to the extent such processing is necessary for our legitimate interest in protecting our offices and our confidential information against unauthorized access; and
Public DNS Resolver Users
. We use information we collect from 1.1.1.1 resolver users to operate and improve the 1.1.1.1 resolver, such as to assist us in our debugging efforts if an issue arises. Our 1.1.1.1 resolver service does not store 1.1.1.1 resolver users’ personal information. We will not combine any information collected from DNS queries to our 1.1.1.1 resolver with any other Cloudflare or third party data in any way that can be used to identify individual end users. Cloudflare may store aggregated data, as outlined within our 1.1.1.1 resolver commitments to privacy, indefinitely in order to power Cloudflare Radar and assist Cloudflare in improving Cloudflare services, such as, enhancing the overall performance of the Cloudflare Resolver and identifying security threats. Learn more about our 1.1.1.1 resolver commitment to privacy
here
.
Information from Third Party Services
. We may combine information we collect as described in Section 2 above with personal information we obtain from third parties. For example, we may combine information entered on a Cloudflare sales submission form with information we receive from a third-party sales intelligence platform vendor to enhance our ability to market our Services to Customers or potential Customers.
4. DATA AGGREGATION
Cloudflare may aggregate data we acquire about our Customers, Administrators, and End Users. For example, we may assemble data to determine how Web crawlers index the Internet and whether they are engaged in malicious activity or to compile web traffic reports and statistics. Non-personally identifiable, aggregated data may be shared with third parties.
5. INFORMATION SHARING
We work with other companies who provide us with services that help run our business and the Cloudflare Service (“Service Providers”). These companies provide services to help us deliver customer support, process credit card payments, manage and contact our existing Customers and Administrators as well as sales leads, provide marketing support, and otherwise operate and improve our Services. These Service Providers may only process personal information pursuant to our instructions and in compliance both with this Privacy Policy, the contracts we have in place with such Service Providers, and other applicable confidentiality, data protection, and security measures and regulations.
Specifically, we do not permit our Service Providers to sell any personal information we share with them or to use any personal information we share with them for their own marketing purposes or for any purpose other than in connection with the services they provide to us.
In addition to sharing with Service Providers as described above, we also may share your information with others in the following circumstances:
Within the Cloudflare Group (defined for the purposes of this Policy as Cloudflare, Inc. (United States) and its subsidiaries listed Section 15);
With our resellers and other sales partners who may help us distribute the Services to Customers;
With an app developer when you install an app from our App Marketplace;
In the event of a merger, sale, change in control, or reorganization of all or part of our business;
When we are required to disclose personal information to respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims. (Learn more about how we handle law enforcement requests
here
);
Where we have a good-faith belief sharing is necessary to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, or violations of our Website Terms of Use, Self-Serve Subscription Agreement, and/or Enterprise Subscription Terms of Service; or as otherwise required to comply with our legal obligations; or
As you may otherwise consent from time to time.
Additional Information on Sharing
Public DNS Resolver Users.
Cloudflare does not share 1.1.1.1 resolver logs with any third parties except for anonymous logs shared with APNIC pursuant to a Research Cooperative Agreement. Learn more about information sharing specific to the 1.1.1.1 resolver
here
.
Registrants.
If you purchase a domain name from Cloudflare’s registrar service, ICANN (The Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers) and the relevant registry operators overseeing the domain’s top-level domain require us to collect registrant data for the purposes of domain registration and via the WHOIS protocol. We may also be required to share this public data with ICANN, the relevant registry operators and other such providers with whom we contract in order to provide our domain name services, and additionally upon the legitimate request of third parties. Registrant data may include the domain name, registrant name and other contact information, and domain name server information. See our Domain Registration Agreement
here
.
Marketing & Advertising Partners.
Our marketing and advertising partners may collect or receive personal information about you and/or collect certain information about your interactions with our Websites, or your email communications with Cloudflare, including through the use of cookies, beacons, and similar technologies, in order to gain insights that may help us market and advertise our services to you.  You may opt out of such sharing using our “Cookie Preferences” link (or, in the United States, the “Your Privacy Choices” link) on the cloudflare.com homepage.
In addition, we may also provide these marketing and advertising partners with your email address or other limited account information. You may opt out of such sharing by emailing us at sar@cloudflare.com.
These partners’ use of your information will be based on their own privacy policies. We share this personal information for our business purposes.
California residents can find additional information about data sharing for marketing and advertising purposes and their data subject rights in Section 16, below
6. NOTICE TO EU, UK, AND SWISS RESIDENTS
“Personal information” as referenced in this Privacy Policy means “personal data” as that term is defined under the European Union (“EU”) General Data Protection Regulations (“GDPR”) and its United Kingdom (“UK”) GDPR counterpart. Cloudflare is a data controller for the personal information collected from all categories of data subjects listed above, with the following exceptions: Cloudflare is a data processor of Customer Logs, Administrative User logs, and some account settings information. In addition, Cloudflare is a data processor for any of the content provided by Customers and End Users through the Services that transits, or in some cases, is stored on, the Cloudflare network. Where Cloudflare is a data processor, Cloudflare processes data on behalf of its Customers pursuant to their data processing instructions.
If you are an individual from the European Economic Area (the “EEA”), the UK or Switzerland, please note that our legal basis for collecting and using your personal information will depend on the personal information collected and the specific context in which we collect it. We normally will collect personal information from you only where: (a) we have your consent to do so, (b) where we need your personal information to perform a contract with you (e.g. to deliver the Cloudflare Services you have requested), or (c) where the processing is in our legitimate interests. Please note that in most cases, if you do not provide the requested information, Cloudflare will not be able to provide the requested service to you.
In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect personal information from you, or may otherwise need the personal information to protect your vital interests or those of another person. Where we rely on your consent to process your personal data, you have the right to withdraw or decline consent at any time. Where we rely on our legitimate interests to process your personal data, you have the right to object by emailing us at sar@cloudflare.com.
If you have any questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information, please contact us at
privacyquestions@cloudflare.com
.
7. INTERNATIONAL INFORMATION TRANSFERS
Cloudflare is a U.S. based, global company. We primarily store your information in the United States and the European Economic Area. To facilitate our global operations, we may transfer and access such information from around the world, including from other countries in which the Cloudflare Group has operations for the purposes described in this Policy.
Whenever a Cloudflare company transfers personal information originating from one country to another Cloudflare group company or a third party service provider or partner in a different country, we will implement appropriate safeguards, consistent with the laws of the territory from which the data is exported. We describe the safeguards we implement
here
. If you have any questions about or need further information concerning the safeguards Cloudflare has in place to protect your personal information, please contact us at
privacyquestions@cloudflare.com
.
When Cloudflare transfers personal data from the EEA, Switzerland, or the United Kingdom (UK) to the United States, we rely on our certifications under the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF), and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Should these certifications lapse or become otherwise invalidated, Cloudflare relies on the standard contractual clauses, including supplementary measures as necessary for transfers to the United States. We also use standard contractual clauses for other international transfers from the EEA, Switzerland, or the United Kingdom.
Self-certification to the Data Privacy Framework
Cloudflare complies with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.  Cloudflare has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.  Cloudflare has also certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF.  If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern.  To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF (together, the “DPFs”), Cloudflare commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information. EU, UK, and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the DPFs should first contact us by emailing sar@cloudflare.com or via mail to: Cloudflare, Inc., 101 Townsend St., San Francisco, CA 94107, Attn: Data Protection Officer. We will respond to your inquiry within 30 days of receipt and verification of your identity.
In compliance with the DPFs, Cloudflare commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal information received in reliance on the DPFs to TRUSTe, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.  If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
for more information or to file a complaint.  The services of TRUSTe, LLC are provided at no cost to you. You have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration for complaints regarding DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other mechanisms set out in this DPF Notice or our Privacy Notice.  For more information, please see Annex 1 of the DPF Principles, available
here
.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Cloudflare’s compliance with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF). We may be required to disclose personal information we receive under the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
Cloudflare is liable for the processing of personal information it receives under the DPF Principles and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf.  Cloudflare shall remain liable under the DPF Principles if its agent processes such personal information in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless Cloudflare proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
8. DATA SUBJECT RIGHTS AND CHOICES
Cloudflare  recognizes individuals’ data protection rights. You have the right to access, correct, update, port, or delete your personal information, and to restrict or object to the processing of your personal information (each of these a “Rights Request”). You may email us at sar@cloudflare.com with any Rights Request, and we will respond within thirty (30) days. Customers and Administrative Users also can access, correct, export, or update their Account Information by editing their profile or organization record at Cloudflare.com.
Please note that before we can complete your Rights Request, we will need to verify that your identity matches that of the data in which you are requesting to exercise your rights. You can expect a verification email under separate cover, to the email address associated with your personal information on file. If you are making a Rights Request on behalf of another individual as an authorized agent, we require that either (a) the data subject must verify their identity and directly confirm with Cloudflare they provided the authorized agent permission to submit the Rights Request, (b) the authorized agent must be provided power of attorney by the data subject in accordance with the law of the data subject’s jurisdiction, or (c) the Rights Request must otherwise be submitted in accordance with applicable privacy law.
For any Rights Request, we will need to verify a requestor is inquiring about their own information before we can assist. Where a Rights Request may implicate the personal information of another individual, we must balance the request against the risk of violating another person’s privacy rights. We will comply with Rights Requests to the extent required by applicable law or the Swiss-U.S. or EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework. In the event that your Rights Request is denied, residents of the U.S. states Virginia and Colorado may appeal our decision by responding to the email informing them of the denial or by submitting a Rights Request to appeal to sar@cloudflare.com, and we will respond within sixty (60) days. In the EEA, the UK, and Switzerland, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
Please note that we do not retain any personal information about 1.1.1.1 resolver users that would be subject to the Rights Requests described above. In addition, Cloudflare has no direct relationship with End Users. Even where “Cloudflare” may be indicated as the authoritative name server for a domain, unless Cloudflare is the owner of that domain, we have no control over a domain’s content. Accordingly, we rely upon our Customers to comply with the underlying legal requirements for Rights Requests in accordance with their obligations under applicable data protection laws. If an End User requests that we fulfill a Rights Request, we will direct that End User to contact the Customer website(s) with which they interacted directly. Our Customers are solely responsible for ensuring compliance with all applicable laws and regulations with respect to their website users.
9. COMMUNICATION PREFERENCES
Cloudflare will send you commercial communications based on the communication preferences in your account settings. Cloudflare also will send you service-related communications. You may manage your receipt of commercial communications by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link located on the bottom of such emails, through your account settings if you have a Cloudflare account, or you may send a request to unsubscribe@cloudflare.com.
10. DATA SECURITY, DATA INTEGRITY AND ACCESS
We take all reasonable steps to protect information we receive from you from accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, and unauthorized disclosure or access. We have put in place appropriate physical, technical and administrative measures to safeguard and secure your information, and we make use of privacy-enhancing technologies such as encryption. If you have any questions about the security of your personal information, you can contact us at
privacyquestions@cloudflare.com
.
11. DATA RETENTION
We store your personal information for a period of time that is consistent with the business purposes set forth in Section 3 of this policy or as long as needed to fulfill and comply with legal obligations. The criteria we used to determine how long we store your personal information will vary depending on several different factors. We typically consider the following when determining data retention:
The purpose for collecting the personal information in the first place. For example, if you have an active account with us, we need to keep your contact information during the entirety of that time in order to provide you with support or contact you regarding your account;
The volume, nature, and sensitivity of the personal information we are processing;
The potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of the personal information;
Whether we can achieve the purposes for processing with less data or through other means
Legal requirements that may apply to the data, such as applicable statutes of limitation or contractual obligations.
When the data retention period expires for a given type of data, we will delete or destroy it. If, for technical reasons, we are unable to do so, we will implement appropriate security measures to prevent any further use of such data.
12. NOTIFICATION OF CHANGES
If we make changes to this Policy that we believe materially impact the privacy of your personal information, we will promptly provide notice of any such changes (and, where necessary, obtain consent), as well as post the updated Policy on this website noting the effective date of any changes.
13. BUSINESS TRANSACTIONS
We may assign or transfer this Policy, as well as information covered by this Policy, in the event of a merger, sale, change in control, or reorganization of all or part of our business.
14. ENGLISH LANGUAGE CONTROLS
Non-English translations of this Policy are provided for convenience only. In the event of any ambiguity or conflict between translations, the English version is authoritative and controls.
15. DISPUTE RESOLUTION
If you have an unresolved privacy or data-use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
.
16. NOTICE TO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
This section applies only to California residents. It describes how we collect, use, and share Personal Information of California residents in operating our business, and their rights with respect to that Personal Information. For purposes of this section, “Personal Information” means information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household as defined in the CCPA. It does not include information exempted from the scope of the CCPA.
How We Collect, Use, and Share Your Personal Information under the CCPA
We may collect, use, and disclose for our business and commercial purposes, the following categories of Personal Information:
Identifiers for the categories of individuals/users defined in Section 1 of the Cloudflare Privacy Policy (e.g., email address of Customers and Administrative Users, name and contact information of Attendees);
Payment and customer records information of our Customers;
Protected classification characteristics (e.g., age, ethnicity, race, languages spoken, or gender) to the extent these characteristics are voluntarily disclosed to us or contained in any  content transmitted across or stored on our network;
Commercial information (e.g., records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or usage histories);
Professional or employment information;
Internet or other electronic network activity information; and
Inferences (e.g., information about your interests or preferences).
The sources from which we collect information are described in Section 2 of the Cloudflare Privacy Policy.
The business and commercial purposes for which we collect and use this information are described in Section 3 of the Cloudflare Privacy Policy.
The categories of third parties to whom we “disclose” the information for a business purpose are described in Section 5 of the Cloudflare Privacy Policy.
Your California Privacy Rights
As a California resident, you have the rights listed below. However, these rights are not absolute, and in certain cases we may decline your request as permitted by law.
Knowledge
. You can request information about what personal information we have collected about you, including:
the categories of personal information;
the categories of sources from which the personal information is collected;
the business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling, or sharing personal information;
the categories of third parties to whom we disclose personal information;
the specific pieces of personal information that we have collected about you.
Access
. You can request a copy of the Personal Information that we have collected about you.
Deletion
. You can ask us to delete the Personal Information that we have collected from you.
Correction
. You can ask us to rectify inaccurate personal information and, taking into account the purpose of processing the personal information, ensure it is complete;
Opt-out of sales or sharing
. You can ask that we do not “sell” or “share” your Personal Information as “sell” and “share” are explicitly defined under the CCPA. For more information, please refer to the section titled “Right to Opt Out of the Sale and Sharing of Your Personal Information” below.
Nondiscrimination
. You are entitled to exercise the rights described above free from discrimination. This means that we will not penalize you for exercising your rights by taking actions such as denying you the Services; increasing the price/rate of the Services; decreasing service quality; or suggesting that we may penalize you as described above for exercising your rights.
In order to submit a request to exercise your right of information, access, or deletion pursuant to the CCPA, please follow the instructions for the submitting a Rights Request detailed in Section 8, above. Please note, we reserve the right to confirm your California residence to process your requests and may need to confirm your identity to process certain requests using the verification methods described in Section 8. For example, we take reasonable precautions to verify the identities of those California residents submitting requests to delete or access Personal Information.
Right to Opt Out of the Sale and Sharing of Your Personal Information
Cloudflare does not sell your Personal Information in the conventional sense (i.e., for money). Like many companies, however, we use services that help deliver interest-based ads to you and may transfer Personal Information to business partners for their use. Making Personal Information (such as online identifiers or browsing activity) available to these companies may be considered a “sale” or “sharing” of your Personal Information under the CCPA.
You can request to opt out of such “sale” or “sharing” of your Personal Information using the “
Your Privacy Choices”
link in the footer below
.
In addition, some internet browsers offer the option to enable opt-out signals such as Global Privacy Control that lets you tell websites that you do not want to have your online activities tracked. Cloudflare responds to these signals by processing them as a request to opt out of the “sale” or “sharing” of your Personal Information as discussed above.
Please note that you will still see some advertising, regardless of your selection. We do not impose verification protocols for processing opt out requests unless we have reason to question the authenticity of a requester’s identity, in which case we may request evidence of identity and California residency.
17. CONTACT INFORMATION
Cloudflare, Inc.
101 Townsend St.
San Francisco, CA 94107
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare (Canada) Information Technology Co., Ltd.
Suite 2600, Three Bentall Centre
595 Burrard Street, P.O. Box 49314
Vancouver, BC V7X 1L3
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare, Ltd.
County Hall/The Riverside Building
Belvedere Road
London, SE1 7PB
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare Portugal, Unipessoal Lda.
Largo Rafael Bordalo Pinheiro 29
1200-369 Lisboa
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare Germany GmbH
Rosental 7
80331 München
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare France SAS
6 place de la Madeleine
75008 Paris
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare Netherlands B.V.
Keizersgracht 62,
1015CS Amsterdam
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare Pte., Ltd.
182 Cecil Street, #35-01
Frasers Tower, Singapore 069547
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare Australia Pty Ltd.
333 George St., 5th Floor
Sydney, NSW 2000
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare (Beijing) Information Technology Co., Ltd.
16 South Guangshun Street
Donghuang Building 17th Floor
Chaoyang District Beijing 100015
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare Japan K.K.
Marunouchi Kitaguchi Building 9F
1-6-5 Marunouchi, Chiyoda-ku
Tokyo, 100-0005
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare Middle East FZ-LLC
DIC 1 Internet City Road
Building 1, Ground Floor, Office 17
Jumeirah
Dubai UAE
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare India Private Limited
No. 215 Richmond Towers, 12 Richmond Road, Richmond Town
Banglore, Bangalore, Karnataka, India, 560025
Attention: Grievance Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Area 1 Security, LLC
838 Walker Road Suite 21-2,
Dover, DE, 19904
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare Korea LLC
8-113 (Samseong-dong), Teheran-ro 507
Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea, 06168
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare Mexico S. de R.L de C.V.
Bosque de Ciruelos No. 180 int. PP 101, Col. Bosque de las Lomas, Miguel Hidalgo
Ciudad de México, 11700, México
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare Malaysia Sdn. Bhd.
Level 21, Suite 21.01, The Gardens South Tower,
Mid Valley City,
Lingkaran Syed Putra,
Kuala Lumpur
Wilayah Persekutuan
59200
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Getting Started
Free plans
For enterprises
Compare plans
Domain name search
Get a recommendation
Request a demo
Contact sales
Resources
Learning center
Analyst reports
Cloudflare Radar
Cloudflare TV
Case studies
Webinars
White Papers
Developer docs
Architecture Center
theNET
Blog
Find an expert
Solutions
Connectivity cloud
SSE and SASE services
Application services
Network services
Developer services
Community
Community hub
Project Galileo
Athenian Project
Cloudflare for Campaigns
Critical Infrastructure Defense Project
Support
Help center
Cloudflare status
Trust-hub
Compliance
GDPR
Trust & safety
Company
About Cloudflare
Our team
Investor relations
Press
Careers
Diversity, equity, & inclusion
Impact/ESG
Network map
Logos & press kit
Become a partner
Sub-policy 6
https://www.adobe.com/privacy.html:
#2B2B2B
We value your privacy and trust.
The Adobe Privacy Center makes it easy to find information on privacy topics, including your choices about how we collect and use your information.
Adobe Privacy Policy
Young Users
Cookies
Contact us
Law Enforcement
Trust Center
Your privacy choices
style
four up, xl spacing
What does Adobe do with your personal information?
Learn more about how Adobe uses your information as you use Adobe apps and visit Adobe websites:
Adobe Privacy Policy
Additional privacy policies
Cookies and similar technologies
Your privacy choices
Social networking
Marketing
Cross-border data transfers
Adobe & Student Privacy
Additional US State Privacy Rights
Younger users
What do Adobe’s business customers do with your information?
Learn more about how Adobe’s business customers use Adobe solutions to personalize and improve the performance of their websites, apps, and marketing messages, and to securely manage digital documents:
Data collection in Adobe Experience Cloud
Data collection in Adobe Electronic Signature Services
Data collection in Reader Mobile SDK
Your privacy choices
Cross-border data transfers
Questions?
Contact us
.
Sub-policy 7
https://vwo.com/privacy-policy:
This website works best with JavaScript enabled
.
Learn how to enable JavaScript
.
Privacy Policy
1. Privacy Commitment
2. Overview
3. What Information do we collect or maintain?
3.1. Information provided deliberately
3.2. Information collected automatically
4. How do we use your information?
5. Legal basis for processing
6. International Transfers of Personal Information
7. How to Exercise Your Data Protection Rights
8. What are our security and confidentiality levels for your Information?
9. Information Retention
10. What are our practices regarding cookies?
11. How we collect and share your personal information?
12. Notice to Users of our Customers and End Users of Websites
13. Children’s Information
14. Data Protection Officer
15. EU  Representative
16. Compliance with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (DPF), UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and Swiss-U.S. DPF
17. Data Protection Authorities and Dispute Resolution
Effective from: 28 February 2025, for new and existing customer
Current Version: 5.0
All previous Privacy Policy
available here
Non-legalese, Simple English Summary
You provide your personal information (email, phone number, etc.) to us while creating an account with us. We store that information reliably. We use that information to serve you.
When you install our services on your website /mobile app, we collect some personally identifiable data to serve you.
This policy specifies the data collected by us, the manner of collection, and your rights with respect to your personal data.
This policy is applicable only to you and not visitor’s of your website.
You (and/or your users) have an option to opt out from being tracked by our services. Please see our opt-out page for more information.
1. Privacy Commitment
We keep Your personal information private and believe privacy is a fundamental human right. We are committed to provide You with products, information, controls, and transparency that allow You to choose how Your information is collected and used. This is especially important as technology progresses and privacy laws evolve.
We live in a time where digital technology profoundly impacts our lives, from the way we connect with each other to how we interpret our world. To thrive in this privacy-focused era, You need a trusted partner who can help You not only overcome these challenges but make the most of the opportunities that lie ahead. Our privacy commitment is uniquely positioned to help You meet Your compliance obligations. We know that one size doesn’t fit all when it comes to privacy, that’s why we have created robust privacy principles framework which provides You with Wingify’s approach to privacy and we shall continue to shape the way we build our products,  services, our processes, and our people keeping our Customer’s and User’s information private, safe and secure. Learn more about our
privacy principles
efforts.
We do not
“sell”
our customer’s personal information to anyone, meaning that we also do not rent, disclose, release, transfer, make available or otherwise communicate said personal information to a third party for monetary or other valuable consideration. We may share aggregated and /or anonymized information regarding Your usage of the Service(s) with third parties to help us develop and improve the Services and provide our customers with more relevant content and service offering as detailed in our Customer agreements.
Disclaimer
Wingify Software Pvt. Ltd. and its subsidiaries and sister companies including Wingify Inc. (hereinafter
“Wingify”
;
“We”
or
“Us”
which expression, unless repugnant to the context hereof, shall mean and include its successors, subsidiaries and assigns) is committed to conducting business in a compliant manner and protecting the privacy of individuals who visit VWO website and/or interact with VWO online (
“
User/’Users
”
), Users who register to use the Services as defined below (
“
Customers
”; “You” or “Your”
), and Users who provide information to VWO to register for events (
“
Attendees
”
). This Privacy Policy describes Wingify’s privacy practices in relation to the use of the VWO website (“Website”)  and the related products, applications, and services (including support) offered by VWO (the
“
VWO
Services
”
).
When we receive personal information, we maintain high ethical standards and take steps to handle such information in a responsible manner that is consistent with data protection laws, our core values and business objectives.
By using VWO Services and agreeing to this policy, You consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy.
We may modify or update this privacy policy at any time without prior notice. You can check the
“
Last Updated
”
date above to see when the policy was last changed. Your continued use of the website and/or the VWO Services constitutes Your consent to the contents of this Privacy Policy.
2. Overview
We collect many kinds of data/information to operate effectively and provide You the best products, services, and experiences possible. We collect this information when You register, sign in, and/or use our Website and VWO Services. We collect this information in a variety of ways, including web forms, technologies like cookies, web logging, and/or other direct and indirect method.
We respect each individual’s right to personal privacy and collect and use the information we receive directly from the users/customers only in the ways disclosed in this ‘Privacy Policy’. This ‘Privacy Policy’ applies solely to information we collect directly from You through aforementioned VWO Services. The data/information collected by the Customer will be subject to their own privacy policy in force.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to any end-user data that Customer may collect, obtain, or access in connection with using VWO Services. By visiting the Website and using VWO Services, You acknowledge that You accept the practices and policies outlined in this Privacy Policy.
We receive and process information (in verbal, written and electronic form) in accordance with our Customers instructions for providing services to end users.
3. What Information do we collect or maintain?
We collect two types of information:
personally-identifiable
and
non-personally identifiable
to operate effectively. We may use aforementioned types of information to create
aggregate information
(collectively referred to as
“
automated information
”
)
.
The information can be categorised as below
3.1. Information provided deliberately
3.1.1.
We do collect domain information from Your visit to customize and improve Your experience on our Website as a User, Customer, or Attendee. The type of information we may collect includes:
Your name, email address, phone number, and other contact information (browser type and version, country, etc). In some cases, we may request additional information where You may receive such request from Us. Some of the ways in which We may collect information from You are:
Registrations for/from webinars, webcasts, podcasts, seminars, conferences, etc., sponsored by Us or a partner.
Subscription to Our blog,  newsletters, whitepapers, eBooks or other VWO Services related content.
Information submitted through purchases, demo request, support request, contact request, sales or pricing query or free-trial signups of VWO Services (either on Your own or on behalf of Your company).
3.1.2. Information You submit through any other web forms and website pages
On the Website, You can pose inquiries or get in touch with Us through web forms, ordering pages, signing up for one of Our online or offline events or for one of Our content including ebooks, whitepapers, case studies or one of our free tools, subscribing to Our blogs and event alerts, or by registering for services.
We will use this information to manage User subscriptions and to inform Users about VWO Services and information that may be of interest unless Users informed Us that they no longer wish to receive any promotional material from Us.
We collect and use this information for a legitimate interest purpose (or if different, wherever required, by obtaining Your prior consent). We store this data for the period necessary to pursue the purposes outlined in this section, or as permitted by applicable statutory laws.
3.1.3. Your inquiries sent by email
We appreciate Your queries about VWO Services and welcome Your email messages to mailboxes listed on the Website. We will share Your messages with concerned employees within Our organization that are most capable of addressing the issues contained in Your message. We will keep a copy of Your message until we have had an opportunity to address Your concerns. We may archive Your message for a certain period or discard it, as appropriate or as required by applicable data retention laws.
Users of the Website are neither asked and are simultaneously requested not to provide
sensitive personal information
(personal information revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, genetic data, or biometric data for uniquely identifying a natural person, information concerning health or information concerning a natural person’s sex life or sexual orientation), through our Website, or VWO Services, Company Official or otherwise.
We can also collect personal information from Users to the Website, including automated information collected in server log files or 3rd party tools (as outlined in section 3.2 below); along with personal information deliberately provided by the Website user through web forms, subscription pages, and other similar means; and personal information collected through cookies, web beacons, and other similar technologies.
3.1.4. Double Opt-in procedure for EU users
The sign-up to receive our content, newsletters, invitations, and other information takes place in a so-called double opt-in procedure, i.e., after signing up, You will receive an email in which You will be asked to confirm Your registration. The registrations data is logged to be able to verify the registration. This includes Your name, email address, the time of registration and confirmation, and Your IP address.
3.2. Information collected automatically
When You use the Website, We automatically collect Your IP address, traffic source, search keywords, page views, visits, location (aggregated), browser and operating systems (aggregated), device (aggregated), as well as other connection information like time and transferred information (collectively referred to as
“
Automated Information
”
), automatically collected information from You is:
the pages You have accessed on Our Website and the subsequent actions taken on them including clicks, time spent, form fills, sign-ins, purchases, and other browsing events
the Internet Protocol (IP) address that You use to access the Internet
Your device and operating system
preceding page/source from where You reached Our Website
the date and time of Your access
For these purposes, we make accessible and share automated information with our security team (for security and prosecution purposes), supervisory authorities, and qualified personnel (product, marketing, analytics) having access to the tools that are used for collecting and analyzing automated information (Google Analytics and others, see below in sections
“
Google Analytics” and “Marketing automation and customer relationship management (CRM)
.”
We store the information required for security and prosecution purposes on a legitimate interest basis and the information required for product, marketing, and analytics purposes (legitimate interest or where required, by obtaining Your prior consent), for the period necessary to pursue the purposes outlined in this section, or as permitted by statutory applicable laws.
4. How do we use your information?
We use the information collected to provide You with VWO Services requested and to contact You about Your interest in the VWO Services; to verify Your information; and to plan and host corporate webinars, and discussions on online forums, and social networks.
We may also aggregate Your information with data that is separately provided by You on social media and third-party websites, if visible to third parties. We may also use data from Users, Customers, and Attendees for marketing purposes. For example, we may use the information You provide to contact You to further discuss Your interest in the VWO Services and to send You information regarding Wingify, its affiliates, and its partners, such as information about promotions or events.
When We collect information such as Your name or other details about You, it is Our practice to provide You with information on how the information will be used if that is not immediately apparent. When We ask You to provide Your information through a registration page or otherwise, You will have the option to not consent to the use of Your personal information to contact You, in which case You may still be able to access other portions of this website, although You may not be able to access certain sections or services.
Refer to heading 7.
“
How to exercise Your data protection rights
”
for information on Your rights, including the right to
“
opt-out
”
of certain uses of Your information.
5. Legal basis for processing
If You are a visitor from the European Economic Area (“EEA”), our legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described above will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it.
However, we will normally collect personal information from You only where we need the personal information to perform a contract with You (e.g. to provide You with VWO Services), where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by Your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms, or where we have Your consent. In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect personal information from You.
If we collect and use Your personal information in reliance to our legitimate interests (or those of any third party), we will make clear to You at the relevant time why we need to use Your personal information. If we process personal information in reliance to Your consent, You may withdraw Your consent at any time.
We are required to inform You of the legal basis of our processing of Your personal information, which are described in the table below. If You have questions or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use Your personal information, please contact us at
privacy@vwo.com.
Legal Basis and Purpose for Holding Your Personal Information
Processing  purpose
Legal basis for processing
To provide the Services
If You have a VWO account, we use Your personal information:
to operate, maintain, administer and improve the Service
to manage and communicate with You regarding Your Service account if You have one, including by sending You Service announcements, technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages
to better understand Your needs and interests, and personalize Your experience with the Service
to process payments, You use to make a purchase on the Service is collected and processed directly by our payment gateway. Payment processor complying with the PCI-DSS and using industry-standard security.
to respond to Your Service-related requests, questions, and feedback.
You have entered a
contract
with us and we need to use Your personal information to provide Services You have requested or take steps that You request prior to providing services.
To create anonymous information
We may create aggregated and other anonymous information from our users’ personal information. We make personal information into anonymous information by removing information that makes the information personally identifiable to You. We may use this anonymous information and share it with third parties for our lawful business purposes.
These processing activities constitute our
legitimate interests
. We make sure we consider and balance any potential impact on You (both positive and negative) and Your rights before we process Your personal information for our
legitimate interests
. We do not use Your personal information for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on You (unless we have Your consent or are otherwise required or permitted by law).
For compliance with the law
We may use Your personal information as we believe appropriate to (a) comply with applicable laws, lawful requests and legal process, such as to respond to subpoenas or requests from government authorities; (b) where permitted by law in connection with a legal investigation; and (c) to prosecute or defend legal claims.
Processing is necessary to comply with our
legal obligations
.
With Your consent
In some cases, we may ask for Your consent to collect, use or share Your personal information, such as when You let us post Your testimonials or endorsements in the Service.
Processing is based on Your
consent
. Where we rely on Your consent You have the right to withdraw it anytime by sending a request to
support@vwo.com
with the word
“
Opt-out
”
or
“
UNSUBSCRIBE
”
in the subject field of the email.
Note
: Even after You opt-out from receiving promotional messages from us, if You have any account for VWO Services, we will still send You non-promotional communications, like service-related emails.
To send You marketing communications
If You request information from us, use the Service or participate in our surveys, promotions or events, we may send You VWO-related marketing communications as permitted by law but will provide You with the ability to opt-out.
These processing activities constitute our
legitimate interests
. We make sure we consider and balance any potential impact on You (both positive and negative) and Your rights before we process Your personal information for our
legitimate interests
. We do not use Your personal information for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on You (unless we have Your consent or are otherwise required or permitted by law).
To send You updates about VWO Services and blogs, or to otherwise contact You about our services we think may interest You, by email.
These processing activities constitute our
legitimate interest
– to develop and grow our business and Services and promote VWO.
To better understand how You and others use VWO Services so that we can improve VWO Services, and for other research and analytical purposes.
These processing activities constitute our
legitimate interest
– to ensure that we provide the best services and to develop and grow our business and services and promote VWO.
When we rely upon our legitimate interests for processing Your information, we will balance those interests against Your privacy rights and will not use Your personal information where the impact on You would override Your rights, unless we are otherwise permitted by law to process Your personal information, e.g., where You consent.
6. International Transfers of Personal Information
We do not share Your personal information with third parties, unless it is necessary to carry out Your request, for our legitimate business needs, or as required or permitted by applicable law. Where we do transfer Your personal information to third parties or service providers, appropriate arrangements will be made in order to ensure correct and secure data processing in compliance with applicable data protection law.
We store personal information about  Website visitors and Attendees within the United States and in other countries and territories to facilitate our global operations. Our Content Delivery Network (CDN) runs on IBM Softlayer and Google Cloud Platform; and the servers are spread across 10 locations — Japan, Australia, Singapore, Netherlands, London, Paris, France, Germany and 3 cities in the US to help serve a dynamic request for tests. However, all the Customer Account Data is stored centrally in Washington DC and  Dallas, United States. We may update our data center geography and server locations based on customer requirements or to meet security, compliance and legal requirements. Your personal information may be transferred to and processed in countries other than the country in which You are a resident. Therefore, Your personal information may be processed outside of the EEA and in countries that are not subject to an adequacy decision by the European Commission and which may not provide for the same level of data protection as the EEA.
In this event, we will ensure that the recipient of Your personal information offers an adequate level of protection, for instance by entering into standard contractual clauses for the transfer of data as approved by the European Commission (Art. 46 GDPR), or we will ask You for Your prior consent to such international data transfers. We have implemented safeguards to ensure an adequate level of data protection where Your personal information is transferred to countries outside the EEA, such as:
the recipient country has an adequacy decision from the European Commission.
the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses for the transfer of personal information.
Refer below table as our
adequacy safeguards
details.
Safeguards
Data Processor/ Service Provider
Data Controller/ Business
Further Information
Data Protection Addendum
(Customer/Wingify)
Yes
NA
Refer Data Protection Addendum
Wingify is generally a
data controller /business
when You provide Your data as a User or Attendee, or to register for a Service.
Wingify is generally a
data processor/service provider
when Your company provides VWO with access to personal data originating from Your company, e.g., a file for product support or other Services or data in a SaaS environment.
7. How to Exercise Your Data Protection Rights
We have taken all necessary and appropriate steps to protect Your personal information and ensure Your rights.
Applicable data protection laws give You certain rights regarding Your personal information. You may ask us to take the following actions in relation to Your personal information that we hold. Below is a summary of those choices, how to exercise them and any limitations.
Please note that limitations may apply to Your ability to exercise these rights, for example, when Your right to obtain the information is found to be overwritten by essential considerations of overriding interests.
Rights of Data Subject
Description
VWO Procedure to handle User Request (DSR)
Right of access
User has the right to request access to the personal information we store and process about them.
We will provide information about our processing of Your personal information and give You access to Your personal information. You can submit these requests by email to
support@vwo.com
.
We may request specific information from You to help us confirm Your identity and process Your request.
Right to rectification
User have the right to rectification of inaccurate personal information concerning them, including completion of incomplete personal information.
We will provide information about our processing of Your personal
information and give You access to
Your personal information. You can
submit these requests by email to
support@vwo.com
.
We may request specific information from You to help us confirm Your identity and process Your request.
Right to erasure (Right to be forgotten)
User has the right to the erasure of personal information.
We will provide information about
our processing of Your personal
information and give You access to
Your personal information. You can
submit these requests by email to
support@vwo.com
.
We may request specific information from You to help us confirm Your identity and process Your request.
Right to restrict processing
Users have the right to restrict our processing of personal information.
We will provide information about
our processing of Your personal
information and give You access to
Your personal information. You can
submit these requests by email to
support@vwo.com
.
We may request specific information from You to help us confirm Your identity and process Your request.
Right to data portability
Users have the right to receive the personal information in structured, commonly used, and readable format. Users have the right to transmit this personal information to a third party without hindrance from us, if technically possible.
We will provide information about
our processing of Your personal
information and give You access to
Your personal information. You can
submit these requests by email to
support@vwo.com
.
We may request specific information from You to help us confirm Your identity and process Your request.
Right to object
Users have the right to object at any time to our processing of personal information. For example, if Users have requested to receive information from us, e.g.newsletters, but do not wish to receive further information, data subjects can easily opt-out of receiving further information from us.
We will provide information about
our processing of Your personal
information and give You access to
Your personal information. You can
submit these requests by email to
support@vwo.com
.
We may request specific information from You to help us confirm Your identity and process Your request.
Automated individual decision-making, including profiling
As a rule, Users have the right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including Your, which produces legal effects or affects them significantly. This does not apply if among other things automated decision-making and profiling are necessary for entering into, or performance of a contract between You and us.
We will provide information about
our processing of Your personal
information and give You access to
Your personal information. You can
submit these requests by email to
support@vwo.com
.
We may request specific information from You to help us confirm Your identity and process Your request.
Right to withdraw consent
As a rule, If the processing of Your personal information is based on Your consent at any time by unsubscribing from an email or sending us an email.
Please note that this does not affect the processing of Your personal information prior to the withdrawal of Your consent.
If the processing of Your personal
information is based on Your consent,
You may withdraw Your consent at
any time by unsubscribing from an
email or sending us an email to
support@vwo.com
.
Please note that this does not affect
the processing of Your personal
information prior to the withdrawal
of Your consent.
Exercising Your rights
If You want to exercise any of Your rights as described above or have any questions, please contact our Data Protection Officer by sending an email to
privacy@vwo.com
.
Filing of a complaint
If You wish to file a complaint regarding our processing of Your personal data, You can choose to file a complaint to a supervisory Data Protection Authority.
What other rights do You have in connection with the personal information collects?
What choices do You have?
You can always opt not to disclose information to us, but keep in mind some
information may be needed to register with us or to take advantage of some
of our features.
Cookies
You can set or amend Your web browser controls to accept or reject cookies.
If You reject cookies, You may still use the  Website and VWO Services;
however, Your access to some functionalities and areas of the Website or
VWO Services may be severely restricted.
Learn more by reading our
Cookies Notice
.
Opt-out of Marketing Communications
We offer those who provide (Users, Customers, and Attendees) personal contact information a means to choose how we use the information provided. You may manage Your receipt of marketing or promotional and non-transactional communications by clicking on the
“
unsubscribe
”
link located on the bottom of our marketing emails or You may send a request to
support@vwo.com
with the word
“
UNSUBSCRIBE
”
in the subject field of the email. You may opt-out of receiving promotional communications from us by using this unsubscribe link within each email. Even after You opt-out from receiving promotional messages from us, if You have any account for VWO Services, we will still send You non-promotional communications, like service-related emails.
Stop sending You marketing communications. You may continue to receive Service-related and other non-marketing communications.
What if I have questions about this policy?
If You have any questions or concerns regarding our privacy policy, please send us a detailed message to
privacy@vwo.com
, and we will try to resolve Your concerns.
8. What are our security and confidentiality levels for your Information?
We follow security by design baked into our services to protect Your information
We back ourselves up with robust data security and privacy practices that form an integral part of our product engineering and service delivery principles. Security is at the heart of how we build our products and process Your data to provide high resiliency. We have top-down governance and security in our DNA that lets us constantly wade through our threat vectors and calibrate to strengthen our security posture. That way, we align with the changing business and technology landscape.
We have implemented appropriate organizational, technical, administrative and physical safeguards to protect the security, confidentiality, integrity, and privacy of Personal Information and Customer Account Data within our organization.
We invest heavily in security to ensure we meet or exceed industry standards, applicable regulations, and our customer’s expectations. Refer to Annexure 2 of
Data Protection Addendum
and
VWO Data Security
for detail security measures. These safeguards will include, but will not be limited to, measures to safeguard and secure Your information, and we make use of privacy-enhancing technologies such as encryption, pseudonymization, anonymization, least access privileges principle. If You have any questions about the security of Your information, You can contact us at
support@vwo.com
.
We regularly engage third-party assessors to examine our security policies, procedures, technologies, and controls to validate that our Information Security and Cybersecurity Program is designed and operating effectively. Wingify has comprehensive security and privacy assessments and certifications performed to ensure the security by design of the processing, details of which can be found at
https://vwo.com/compliance/
9. Information Retention
How long we keep the personal information we collect depends on the type of information, the purpose for which it is used and similar factors. In general, we will retain Your personal information for the length of time reasonably needed to fulfill the purpose outlined in this privacy policy (including for a long as needed to provide You or our customers with products and services), unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.
We will also retain and use Your information for long as necessary to resolve disputes and/or enforce our rights and agreements. Non-personally identifiable and aggregated information may be stored for a longer duration.
10. What are our practices regarding cookies?
Cookies are small files stored on Your computer and are useful for enabling the browser to remember information specific to a User. We place cookies in a User’s/Customer’s browser to identify the User/Customer. If You do not wish to provide any information through cookies to us You may choose not to use the VWO services. We may also collect and store information locally on Your device using mechanisms such as browser web storage.
Cookies Consent Manager: We provide all information regarding third-party cookies through our cookie consent manager on the Website.
The detailed Cookies categories and practices are described in our
Cookies Notice
.
We have entered into data processing agreements as required with third-party recipients to protect Your personal information and interests. In these data processing agreements, the service providers undertake measures to protect the data of our users, to process it on our behalf in accordance with the applicable data protection regulations and, in particular, not to pass the information on to third parties. We thus ensure that Your information is processed at a level of applicable data protection that corresponds to the level of data protection in the EU/European Economic Area and other areas.
11. How we collect and share your personal information?
We do not share or
“
sell
”
the personal information that You provide us with other organizations without Your express consent, except as described in this Privacy Policy. We may disclose personal information to third parties under the following circumstances:
How we collected information
from Other Sources
Social Media Widgets
The Websites include social media features, such as the “Facebook Like” button, and widgets, such as the “Share This” button or interactive mini-programs that run on our Websites. These features may collect Your Internet protocol address, which page You are visiting on the Websites, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on the Websites. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the companies that provide them.
Referrals
If You choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about our products and services, we will ask You for Your friend’s name and email address. You must only provide Your friend’s name and email address if You have a reasonable belief, they will not object to us contacting them. If You do, We will automatically send Your friend an email inviting him or her to visit the Websites and will store this information for the purpose of sending this initial email, tracking the success of our referral program and other marketing activities. Your referral may contact us at
support@vwo.com
to request that we remove his/her information from our database.
How we share Your personal information
Business Partners
We may disclose Your personal information to our subsidiaries and business partners to offer its services and may also jointly host event and webinars with partners.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to administer and provide the Service on our behalf (such as hosting events & webinars, email delivery and database management services). These third parties are permitted to use Your personal information only to perform these tasks in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Payment gateway
We may share Your payment information to process Your payments.
Professional advisors
We may disclose Your personal information to professional advisors, such as lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers, where necessary in the course of the professional services they render to us.
Law Enforcement Agencies; Protection and Safety
We may disclose Your personal information as we believe appropriate to government or law enforcement officials or private parties (a) for the security, compliance, fraud prevention and safety purposes described above; (b) as required by law, lawful requests or legal process, such as to respond to subpoenas or requests from government authorities; (c) where permitted by law in connection with any legal investigation; and (d) to prosecute or defend legal claims.
Court/Government Agencies/Regulatory Authorities
We may disclose information if required to do so by law in order to (for example) respond to a subpoena or request from law enforcement, a court or a government agency, or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary (a) to comply with a legal obligation, (b) to protect or defend our rights, interests or property or that of third parties, (c) to prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the services, (d) to act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of customers, their users or the public; or (e) to protect against legal liability.
Website Users
From time to time, we may post testimonials on the Websites that may contain personal information. We obtain Your consent to post Your name along with Your testimonial. If You wish to update or delete Your testimonial, You can contact us at
support@vwo.com
.
Third Parties
We may also share personal information with third parties when we have Your consent to do so.
In addition, we may be required to disclose any personal information that we process in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet applicable national security or law enforcement requirements.
12. Notice to Users of our Customers and End Users of Websites
i. Users of our Customers Websites and VWO Services
:
When our customers use the VWO  Services as part of their own websites, apps, and services, they may collect information from You using our services, but they remain responsible for their own privacy and security practices. We are not responsible for our customers privacy and security practices, which may differ from ours. If You have used one of our customers websites or services, and You would like to access, correct or delete the personal information collected through that services, You should direct Your request to the applicable customer.
Please see “
Opt-out of VWO Services Tracking
” and “
Opt-out from Tracking in VWO Engage
” page. Or
“
Opt-out of VWO
”
ii.
Users of VWO Services
:
The VWO Services are primarily intended for use by organizations. Where the VWO Services are made available to You through an organization (such as Your employer), that organization is responsible for administering the accounts over which it has control. If this is the case, please direct Your information privacy and security questions and requests to Your administrator. We are not responsible for the privacy and security practices of Your administrator’s organization, which may be different than this policy.
13. Children’s Information
We don’t knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of 13. If You are under the age of 13, please do not submit any personal information through our Websites or Services. We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children’s Internet usage and to help enforce this Policy by instructing their children never to provide personal information through the Website or VWO Services without their permission. If You have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided personal information to us through the Website or VWO Services, please contact us at
privacy@vwo.com
, and we will delete that information.
14. Data Protection Officer and Grievance officer
We have appointed a Data Protection Officer and Grievance Officer for you to contact if you have any questions, concerns or grievances about processing of your personal and our data protection policies or practices.
Name of the Data Protection Officer and Grievance Officer – Keshav Kumar
Email ID –
privacy@vwo.com
15. EU Representative and UK Representative
We have nominated local representative in the European Union and United Kingdom in compliance with Article 27 of EU GDPR and UK GDPR.
Contact info for our EU GDPR representative:
Rickert Rechtsanwaltsgesellschaft mbH
C/O Wingify Software Pvt. Ltd.
Colmantstraße 15
53115 Bonn
Germany
Email:
art-27-rep-wingify@rickert.law
Contact info for our UK GDPR representative:
Rickert Services Ltd UK
C/O Wingify Software Pvt. Ltd.
PO Box 1487
Peterborough
PE1 9XX
United Kingdom
Email:
art-27-rep-wingify@rickert-services.uk
16. Compliance with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (DPF), UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and Swiss-U.S. DPF
Wingify complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Wingify has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Wingify has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) Program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
Adherence to Privacy Principles
Wingify adheres to the following principles under these frameworks:
Notice: We provide clear, transparent, and detailed information about how personal data is collected, used, and shared.
Choice: We offer individuals the ability to opt-out of data collection, processing, or sharing where applicable.
Accountability for Onward Transfers: We ensure that any onward transfer of personal data complies with the applicable DPF principles.
Security: We implement appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect personal data from unauthorized access, loss, misuse, or disclosure.
Data Integrity and Purpose Limitation: We ensure that personal data is relevant, accurate, and processed for specified, legitimate purposes.
Access and Rectification: Individuals can access their personal data, and where necessary, correct, update, or delete inaccuracies.
Recourse, Enforcement, and Liability: We provide robust mechanisms to ensure compliance and resolve disputes.
Investigatory and Enforcement Powers of the FTC
Wingify is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC) regarding compliance with the Data Privacy Framework Principles.
Binding Arbitration Option
Under certain conditions, individuals may invoke binding arbitration for unresolved privacy complaints in accordance with Annex I of the Data Privacy Framework Principles. Wingify is obligated to arbitrate such claims and comply with the terms outlined in Annex I, provided that the individual has followed the required procedures.
Liability for Onward Transfers
Wingify remains responsible and liable under the Data Privacy Framework Principles if personal data is transferred to third-party service providers that process such data on our behalf, unless we can prove that we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
17. Data Protection Authorities and Dispute Resolution
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Wingify commits to cooperate and comply respectively with the advice of the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs) and the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) with regard to unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, VWO is committed to resolving complaints about our collection or use of personal data. EU, UK, and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our practices can contact the Data Protection Officer and
privacy@vwo.com
and In case of any non-satisfactory response/resolution, individuals can escalate their concern to the relevant Supervisory Authority.
Deliver great experiences. Grow faster, starting today.
Start Free Trial
Start Free Trial
Request Demo
Request Demo
Scroll To Top
Signup for a full-featured trial
Free for
30
days. No credit card required
Business Email
Invalid Email
I agree to VWO's
Privacy Policy
&
Terms
Start Now
Set up your password to get started
Business Email
*
Invalid Email
First Name
*
Invalid First Name
Last Name
*
Invalid Last Name
Phone Number
*
Afghanistan
+93
Albania
+355
Algeria
+213
American Samoa
+1
Andorra
+376
Angola
+244
Anguilla
+1
Antigua & Barbuda
+1
Argentina
+54
Armenia
+374
Aruba
+297
Ascension Island
+247
Australia
+61
Austria
+43
Azerbaijan
+994
Bahamas
+1
Bahrain
+973
Bangladesh
+880
Barbados
+1
Belarus
+375
Belgium
+32
Belize
+501
Benin
+229
Bermuda
+1
Bhutan
+975
Bolivia
+591
Bosnia & Herzegovina
+387
Botswana
+267
Brazil
+55
British Indian Ocean Territory
+246
British Virgin Islands
+1
Brunei
+673
Bulgaria
+359
Burkina Faso
+226
Burundi
+257
Cambodia
+855
Cameroon
+237
Canada
+1
Cape Verde
+238
Caribbean Netherlands
+599
Cayman Islands
+1
Central African Republic
+236
Chad
+235
Chile
+56
China
+86
Christmas Island
+61
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
+61
Colombia
+57
Comoros
+269
Congo - Brazzaville
+242
Congo - Kinshasa
+243
Cook Islands
+682
Costa Rica
+506
Croatia
+385
Cuba
+53
Curaçao
+599
Cyprus
+357
Czech Republic
+420
Côte d’Ivoire
+225
Denmark
+45
Djibouti
+253
Dominica
+1
Dominican Republic
+1
Ecuador
+593
Egypt
+20
El Salvador
+503
Equatorial Guinea
+240
Eritrea
+291
Estonia
+372
Eswatini
+268
Ethiopia
+251
Falkland Islands
+500
Faroe Islands
+298
Fiji
+679
Finland
+358
France
+33
French Guiana
+594
French Polynesia
+689
Gabon
+241
Gambia
+220
Georgia
+995
Germany
+49
Ghana
+233
Gibraltar
+350
Greece
+30
Greenland
+299
Grenada
+1
Guadeloupe
+590
Guam
+1
Guatemala
+502
Guernsey
+44
Guinea
+224
Guinea-Bissau
+245
Guyana
+592
Haiti
+509
Honduras
+504
Hong Kong
+852
Hungary
+36
Iceland
+354
India
+91
Indonesia
+62
Iran
+98
Iraq
+964
Ireland
+353
Isle of Man
+44
Israel
+972
Italy
+39
Jamaica
+1
Japan
+81
Jersey
+44
Jordan
+962
Kazakhstan
+7
Kenya
+254
Kiribati
+686
Kosovo
+383
Kuwait
+965
Kyrgyzstan
+996
Laos
+856
Latvia
+371
Lebanon
+961
Lesotho
+266
Liberia
+231
Libya
+218
Liechtenstein
+423
Lithuania
+370
Luxembourg
+352
Macau
+853
Madagascar
+261
Malawi
+265
Malaysia
+60
Maldives
+960
Mali
+223
Malta
+356
Marshall Islands
+692
Martinique
+596
Mauritania
+222
Mauritius
+230
Mayotte
+262
Mexico
+52
Micronesia
+691
Moldova
+373
Monaco
+377
Mongolia
+976
Montenegro
+382
Montserrat
+1
Morocco
+212
Mozambique
+258
Myanmar (Burma)
+95
Namibia
+264
Nauru
+674
Nepal
+977
Netherlands
+31
New Caledonia
+687
New Zealand
+64
Nicaragua
+505
Niger
+227
Nigeria
+234
Niue
+683
Norfolk Island
+672
North Korea
+850
North Macedonia
+389
Northern Mariana Islands
+1
Norway
+47
Oman
+968
Pakistan
+92
Palau
+680
Palestine
+970
Panama
+507
Papua New Guinea
+675
Paraguay
+595
Peru
+51
Philippines
+63
Poland
+48
Portugal
+351
Puerto Rico
+1
Qatar
+974
Romania
+40
Russia
+7
Rwanda
+250
Réunion
+262
Samoa
+685
San Marino
+378
Saudi Arabia
+966
Senegal
+221
Serbia
+381
Seychelles
+248
Sierra Leone
+232
Singapore
+65
Sint Maarten
+1
Slovakia
+421
Slovenia
+386
Solomon Islands
+677
Somalia
+252
South Africa
+27
South Korea
+82
South Sudan
+211
Spain
+34
Sri Lanka
+94
St Barthélemy
+590
St Helena
+290
St Kitts & Nevis
+1
St Lucia
+1
St Martin
+590
St Pierre & Miquelon
+508
St Vincent & Grenadines
+1
Sudan
+249
Suriname
+597
Svalbard & Jan Mayen
+47
Sweden
+46
Switzerland
+41
Syria
+963
São Tomé & Príncipe
+239
Taiwan
+886
Tajikistan
+992
Tanzania
+255
Thailand
+66
Timor-Leste
+670
Togo
+228
Tokelau
+690
Tonga
+676
Trinidad & Tobago
+1
Tunisia
+216
Turkey
+90
Turkmenistan
+993
Turks & Caicos Islands
+1
Tuvalu
+688
US Virgin Islands
+1
Uganda
+256
Ukraine
+380
United Arab Emirates
+971
United Kingdom
+44
United States
+1
Uruguay
+598
Uzbekistan
+998
Vanuatu
+678
Vatican City
+39
Venezuela
+58
Vietnam
+84
Wallis & Futuna
+681
Western Sahara
+212
Yemen
+967
Zambia
+260
Zimbabwe
+263
Åland Islands
+358
Invalid Phone Number
Password
*
Password
show
Your password must have:
8 or more characters
Upper & lowercase letters
A number or special character
I agree to VWO's
Privacy Policy
&
Terms
Create Account
VWO is setting up your account
We've sent a message to
yourmail@domain.com
with instructions to verify your account.
Can't find the mail?
Check your spam, junk or secondary inboxes.
Still can't find it? Let us know at
support@vwo.com
*
*
Submit
*
Business Email:
*
First Name:
*
Last Name:
*
Phone Number:
*
Demo Request:
Yes
No
*
Submit
Let's talk
Talk to a sales representative
World Wide
+1 415-349-3207
You can also email us at
support@vwo.com
Get in touch
First Name:
*
Invalid First Name
Last Name:
*
Invalid Last Name
Business Email:
*
Invalid Email
Phone Number:
*
Afghanistan
+93
Albania
+355
Algeria
+213
American Samoa
+1
Andorra
+376
Angola
+244
Anguilla
+1
Antigua & Barbuda
+1
Argentina
+54
Armenia
+374
Aruba
+297
Ascension Island
+247
Australia
+61
Austria
+43
Azerbaijan
+994
Bahamas
+1
Bahrain
+973
Bangladesh
+880
Barbados
+1
Belarus
+375
Belgium
+32
Belize
+501
Benin
+229
Bermuda
+1
Bhutan
+975
Bolivia
+591
Bosnia & Herzegovina
+387
Botswana
+267
Brazil
+55
British Indian Ocean Territory
+246
British Virgin Islands
+1
Brunei
+673
Bulgaria
+359
Burkina Faso
+226
Burundi
+257
Cambodia
+855
Cameroon
+237
Canada
+1
Cape Verde
+238
Caribbean Netherlands
+599
Cayman Islands
+1
Central African Republic
+236
Chad
+235
Chile
+56
China
+86
Christmas Island
+61
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
+61
Colombia
+57
Comoros
+269
Congo - Brazzaville
+242
Congo - Kinshasa
+243
Cook Islands
+682
Costa Rica
+506
Croatia
+385
Cuba
+53
Curaçao
+599
Cyprus
+357
Czech Republic
+420
Côte d’Ivoire
+225
Denmark
+45
Djibouti
+253
Dominica
+1
Dominican Republic
+1
Ecuador
+593
Egypt
+20
El Salvador
+503
Equatorial Guinea
+240
Eritrea
+291
Estonia
+372
Eswatini
+268
Ethiopia
+251
Falkland Islands
+500
Faroe Islands
+298
Fiji
+679
Finland
+358
France
+33
French Guiana
+594
French Polynesia
+689
Gabon
+241
Gambia
+220
Georgia
+995
Germany
+49
Ghana
+233
Gibraltar
+350
Greece
+30
Greenland
+299
Grenada
+1
Guadeloupe
+590
Guam
+1
Guatemala
+502
Guernsey
+44
Guinea
+224
Guinea-Bissau
+245
Guyana
+592
Haiti
+509
Honduras
+504
Hong Kong
+852
Hungary
+36
Iceland
+354
India
+91
Indonesia
+62
Iran
+98
Iraq
+964
Ireland
+353
Isle of Man
+44
Israel
+972
Italy
+39
Jamaica
+1
Japan
+81
Jersey
+44
Jordan
+962
Kazakhstan
+7
Kenya
+254
Kiribati
+686
Kosovo
+383
Kuwait
+965
Kyrgyzstan
+996
Laos
+856
Latvia
+371
Lebanon
+961
Lesotho
+266
Liberia
+231
Libya
+218
Liechtenstein
+423
Lithuania
+370
Luxembourg
+352
Macau
+853
Madagascar
+261
Malawi
+265
Malaysia
+60
Maldives
+960
Mali
+223
Malta
+356
Marshall Islands
+692
Martinique
+596
Mauritania
+222
Mauritius
+230
Mayotte
+262
Mexico
+52
Micronesia
+691
Moldova
+373
Monaco
+377
Mongolia
+976
Montenegro
+382
Montserrat
+1
Morocco
+212
Mozambique
+258
Myanmar (Burma)
+95
Namibia
+264
Nauru
+674
Nepal
+977
Netherlands
+31
New Caledonia
+687
New Zealand
+64
Nicaragua
+505
Niger
+227
Nigeria
+234
Niue
+683
Norfolk Island
+672
North Korea
+850
North Macedonia
+389
Northern Mariana Islands
+1
Norway
+47
Oman
+968
Pakistan
+92
Palau
+680
Palestine
+970
Panama
+507
Papua New Guinea
+675
Paraguay
+595
Peru
+51
Philippines
+63
Poland
+48
Portugal
+351
Puerto Rico
+1
Qatar
+974
Romania
+40
Russia
+7
Rwanda
+250
Réunion
+262
Samoa
+685
San Marino
+378
Saudi Arabia
+966
Senegal
+221
Serbia
+381
Seychelles
+248
Sierra Leone
+232
Singapore
+65
Sint Maarten
+1
Slovakia
+421
Slovenia
+386
Solomon Islands
+677
Somalia
+252
South Africa
+27
South Korea
+82
South Sudan
+211
Spain
+34
Sri Lanka
+94
St Barthélemy
+590
St Helena
+290
St Kitts & Nevis
+1
St Lucia
+1
St Martin
+590
St Pierre & Miquelon
+508
St Vincent & Grenadines
+1
Sudan
+249
Suriname
+597
Svalbard & Jan Mayen
+47
Sweden
+46
Switzerland
+41
Syria
+963
São Tomé & Príncipe
+239
Taiwan
+886
Tajikistan
+992
Tanzania
+255
Thailand
+66
Timor-Leste
+670
Togo
+228
Tokelau
+690
Tonga
+676
Trinidad & Tobago
+1
Tunisia
+216
Turkey
+90
Turkmenistan
+993
Turks & Caicos Islands
+1
Tuvalu
+688
US Virgin Islands
+1
Uganda
+256
Ukraine
+380
United Arab Emirates
+971
United Kingdom
+44
United States
+1
Uruguay
+598
Uzbekistan
+998
Vanuatu
+678
Vatican City
+39
Venezuela
+58
Vietnam
+84
Wallis & Futuna
+681
Western Sahara
+212
Yemen
+967
Zambia
+260
Zimbabwe
+263
Åland Islands
+358
Invalid Phone Number
Nature of enquiry:
*
Sales enquiry
Technical support
Other
Invalid select enquiry
Message:
*
Invalid message
I agree to VWO's
Privacy Policy
&
Terms
Submit
Thank you for writing to us!
One of our representatives will get in touch with you shortly.
*
First Name:
*
Last Name:
*
Business Email:
*
Phone Number
*
Message
*
VWO/Frictionless Commerce can send relevant emails until I unsubscribe
Submit
Awesome! Your meeting is confirmed for
at
Thank you,
for sharing your details.
Hi 👋 Let's schedule your demo
To begin, tell us a bit about yourself
First Name*
Invalid First Name
Last Name*
Invalid Last Name
Business Email*
Invalid Email
Phone Number*
Afghanistan
+93
Albania
+355
Algeria
+213
American Samoa
+1
Andorra
+376
Angola
+244
Anguilla
+1
Antigua & Barbuda
+1
Argentina
+54
Armenia
+374
Aruba
+297
Ascension Island
+247
Australia
+61
Austria
+43
Azerbaijan
+994
Bahamas
+1
Bahrain
+973
Bangladesh
+880
Barbados
+1
Belarus
+375
Belgium
+32
Belize
+501
Benin
+229
Bermuda
+1
Bhutan
+975
Bolivia
+591
Bosnia & Herzegovina
+387
Botswana
+267
Brazil
+55
British Indian Ocean Territory
+246
British Virgin Islands
+1
Brunei
+673
Bulgaria
+359
Burkina Faso
+226
Burundi
+257
Cambodia
+855
Cameroon
+237
Canada
+1
Cape Verde
+238
Caribbean Netherlands
+599
Cayman Islands
+1
Central African Republic
+236
Chad
+235
Chile
+56
China
+86
Christmas Island
+61
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
+61
Colombia
+57
Comoros
+269
Congo - Brazzaville
+242
Congo - Kinshasa
+243
Cook Islands
+682
Costa Rica
+506
Croatia
+385
Cuba
+53
Curaçao
+599
Cyprus
+357
Czech Republic
+420
Côte d’Ivoire
+225
Denmark
+45
Djibouti
+253
Dominica
+1
Dominican Republic
+1
Ecuador
+593
Egypt
+20
El Salvador
+503
Equatorial Guinea
+240
Eritrea
+291
Estonia
+372
Eswatini
+268
Ethiopia
+251
Falkland Islands
+500
Faroe Islands
+298
Fiji
+679
Finland
+358
France
+33
French Guiana
+594
French Polynesia
+689
Gabon
+241
Gambia
+220
Georgia
+995
Germany
+49
Ghana
+233
Gibraltar
+350
Greece
+30
Greenland
+299
Grenada
+1
Guadeloupe
+590
Guam
+1
Guatemala
+502
Guernsey
+44
Guinea
+224
Guinea-Bissau
+245
Guyana
+592
Haiti
+509
Honduras
+504
Hong Kong
+852
Hungary
+36
Iceland
+354
India
+91
Indonesia
+62
Iran
+98
Iraq
+964
Ireland
+353
Isle of Man
+44
Israel
+972
Italy
+39
Jamaica
+1
Japan
+81
Jersey
+44
Jordan
+962
Kazakhstan
+7
Kenya
+254
Kiribati
+686
Kosovo
+383
Kuwait
+965
Kyrgyzstan
+996
Laos
+856
Latvia
+371
Lebanon
+961
Lesotho
+266
Liberia
+231
Libya
+218
Liechtenstein
+423
Lithuania
+370
Luxembourg
+352
Macau
+853
Madagascar
+261
Malawi
+265
Malaysia
+60
Maldives
+960
Mali
+223
Malta
+356
Marshall Islands
+692
Martinique
+596
Mauritania
+222
Mauritius
+230
Mayotte
+262
Mexico
+52
Micronesia
+691
Moldova
+373
Monaco
+377
Mongolia
+976
Montenegro
+382
Montserrat
+1
Morocco
+212
Mozambique
+258
Myanmar (Burma)
+95
Namibia
+264
Nauru
+674
Nepal
+977
Netherlands
+31
New Caledonia
+687
New Zealand
+64
Nicaragua
+505
Niger
+227
Nigeria
+234
Niue
+683
Norfolk Island
+672
North Korea
+850
North Macedonia
+389
Northern Mariana Islands
+1
Norway
+47
Oman
+968
Pakistan
+92
Palau
+680
Palestine
+970
Panama
+507
Papua New Guinea
+675
Paraguay
+595
Peru
+51
Philippines
+63
Poland
+48
Portugal
+351
Puerto Rico
+1
Qatar
+974
Romania
+40
Russia
+7
Rwanda
+250
Réunion
+262
Samoa
+685
San Marino
+378
Saudi Arabia
+966
Senegal
+221
Serbia
+381
Seychelles
+248
Sierra Leone
+232
Singapore
+65
Sint Maarten
+1
Slovakia
+421
Slovenia
+386
Solomon Islands
+677
Somalia
+252
South Africa
+27
South Korea
+82
South Sudan
+211
Spain
+34
Sri Lanka
+94
St Barthélemy
+590
St Helena
+290
St Kitts & Nevis
+1
St Lucia
+1
St Martin
+590
St Pierre & Miquelon
+508
St Vincent & Grenadines
+1
Sudan
+249
Suriname
+597
Svalbard & Jan Mayen
+47
Sweden
+46
Switzerland
+41
Syria
+963
São Tomé & Príncipe
+239
Taiwan
+886
Tajikistan
+992
Tanzania
+255
Thailand
+66
Timor-Leste
+670
Togo
+228
Tokelau
+690
Tonga
+676
Trinidad & Tobago
+1
Tunisia
+216
Turkey
+90
Turkmenistan
+993
Turks & Caicos Islands
+1
Tuvalu
+688
US Virgin Islands
+1
Uganda
+256
Ukraine
+380
United Arab Emirates
+971
United Kingdom
+44
United States
+1
Uruguay
+598
Uzbekistan
+998
Vanuatu
+678
Vatican City
+39
Venezuela
+58
Vietnam
+84
Wallis & Futuna
+681
Western Sahara
+212
Yemen
+967
Zambia
+260
Zimbabwe
+263
Åland Islands
+358
Invalid Phone Number
I agree to VWO's
Privacy Policy
&
Terms
Get a Demo
Confirm
schedule later
*
*
*
*
*
*
Implicit Opt-In:
*
Monthly Unique Visitor:
Select...
Under 10,000
10,001 to 30,000
30,001 to 50,000
More than 50,000
*
Get exclusive demo of “VWO Insights for Mobile Apps” with a 90-day free trial. Understand your app users and find growth opportunities.
Submit
While we will deliver a demo that covers the entire VWO platform, please share a few details for us to
personalize the demo for you.
Select the capabilities that you would like us to emphasise on during the demo.
Mobile App Heatmaps
Mobile App Session Recordings
A/B Testing
Split Testing
Surveys
Multivariate Testing
Multi-Arm Bandit Testing
Personalization
Form Analysis
Funnel Analysis
Mobile App Testing
Server Side Testing
Web Session Recordings
Web Heatmaps
Rollouts/Deploy
User Segmentation
Feature Management
Next
Skip
Back
Which of these sounds like you?
I am new to using optimization & experimentation products.
I have used other optimization & experimentation products.
I have used VWO in the past and know the space well.
Next
Skip
Back
Please share the use cases, goals or needs that you are trying to solve.
Next
Skip
Back
Please provide your website URL or links to your application.
We will come prepared with a demo environment for this specific website or application.
Website URL
Invalid URL
Application URL
Invalid URL
Finish
,  you're all set to experience the VWO demo.
I can't wait to meet you on
at
Account Executive
, thank you for sharing the details. Your dedicated VWO representative,  will be in touch shortly to set up a time for this demo.
We're satisfied and glad we picked VWO. We're getting the ROI from our experiments.
Christoffer Kjellberg
CRO Manager
VWO has been so helpful in our optimization efforts. Testing opportunities are endless and it has allowed us to easily identify, set up, and run multiple tests at a time.
Elizabeth Levitan
Digital Optimization Specialist
As the project manager for our experimentation process, I love how the functionality of VWO allows us to get up and going quickly but also gives us the flexibility to be more complex with our testing.
Tara Rowe
Marketing Technology Manager
You don't need a website development background to make VWO work for you. The VWO support team is amazing
Elizabeth Romanski
Consumer Marketing & Analytics Manager
Trusted by thousands of leading brands
We use cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. You can control how we use cookies by clicking on Cookie Settings. If you continue to use this site, you consent to our use of cookies.
Cookie Settings
Allow Cookies
Your Privacy
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Performance Cookies
Functional Cookies
Targeting Cookies
Your Privacy
VWO website may request cookies to be set on your device. We use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with VWO, including providing you with more relevant advertising. Click on the different category headings to find out more. You can also change your cookie preferences. Note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our website and the services we are able to offer.
Read more about VWO cookies
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
View Vendor Details‎
Performance Cookies
Any cookie that helps us understand user behavior and thus improve site performance eg. analytics, heatmap, ab testing, etc.
View Vendor Details‎
Functional Cookies
Functional cookies enable us to provide additional functions to you on Our Site such as personalization and remembering your saved preferences.
View Vendor Details‎
Targeting Cookies
It is also important for Us to know when and how often you visit Our Website, and which parts of it you have used (including which pages you have visited and which links you have clicked on).  As with analytics Cookies, this information helps us to better understand you and, in turn, to make Our Website and advertising more relevant to your interests.  Some information gathered by targeting Cookies may also be shared with third parties.
View Vendor Details‎
Back Button
Vendors List
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Sub-policy 8
https://site.adform.com/privacy-center/platform-privacy/product-and-services-privacy-policy:
Contact Us
For Advertisers
Adform FLOW
Your seamless media buying platform for omnichannel advertising
Demand Side Platform
Buy and manage your digital advertising with greater precision
Ad Server
Host, centralize, and track your ads across all digital channels
Data Management Platform
Centralize, organize, manage and utilize your data effectively
Identity
Unlock up to 40% incremental reach with first-party IDs
Omnichannel Activation
Integrate your digital and CTV buying with true omnichannel buying, measurement, and activation
Carbon Reduction
Run effective campaigns while reducing your carbon footprint
Retail Media
Turnkey solution for retailers covering onsite, offsite, instore and sponsored listings
For Publishers
Supply Side Platform
Monetize inventory, optimize revenue, and improve your ad sales
Publisher Ad Server
Host, manage, and organize your ad inventory
Data Management Platform for Publishers
Centralize, organize, manage, and utilizing your data effectively
Resources
Resources
Stay up to date on the latest in adtech with deep insights and thought leadership
Client Stories
Real world inspiration on strategies and tactics that deliver results
Newsroom
Stay up to date with the latest official news, press releases, and blog posts
Adtech Cafe
A series of conversations about the state of adtech enjoyed over a cup of coffee at the Adtech Café
Meet the Game Changers
Hear how our clients used Adform to change the game and improve their business results
Creative Showroom
Discover and get inspired by some of the best creative executions for digital advertising
Careers
Careers at Adform
Adform Engineers
Meet the Adformers
Why Adform
Careers
Log In
Contact Us
Introduction
What Information Do We Collect and Use
What channels does Adform operate in
With whom we share Information
How long do we store Personal Information
International Data Transfers
Your Data Protection Rights
Contact Us
Introduction
We would like to be transparent about our business and explain our technology in plain language so that users can understand how our services process personal data. This Privacy Policy describes Adform´s practices and policies with regard to the use and processing of data when providing online advertising services for the world’s largest websites and advertisers (hereinafter collectively referred to as "Services").
If you wish to find out more about Adform's processing in the context of its website and/or corporate business, please see the following
link
.
In specific Service and data processing scenarios, Adform and its clients and/or partners may act as joint controllers which – however – ultimately has no effect on exercising your data subject rights as described in the section ‘Your Data Protection Rights’ below.
If you want to find out more about the concept of joint controllership, what processing is affected and how this is managed at Adform, please visit
this link
.
What Information Do We Collect and Use
1. Reporting, measurement, forecasting, attribution
Brief explanation
Specific processing activities may be, for example:
We use combined data from cookies and the number of impressions to predict user/audience trends.
We gather IDs when a user visits an advertiser's website through tracking the user’s online activity.
For more information, please read here.
Data Categories
1st Party IDs, Cookie IDs, and technical data related to these IDs (e.g. impressions, clicks, conversions, approximate geolocation, timestamp, URL, device information, browser information), IP address.
Related Adform Product and/or Service
Buy Side, Sell Side, DMP.
Legal bases
We process this data by default on the basis of our legitimate interest. However, the publisher on whose site we are integrated with our product or service can decide to obtain your consent. In this case, we process the data based on your consent.
2. Improve online advertising experience and efficiency (IAB Purpose 2, Purpose 10)
Brief explanation
The ads you see on the website or app are chosen based on the basic information mentioned. This means that we may use the site you're on, the kind of device you're using, and your general location. We might also look at what you're interested in or what you've looked at before based on your interactions with the website or app to make sure you don't see the same ad too many times. We may also use it to show ads in a certain order, show ads you might like, or figure out the best time to show an ad or to make our ads work better and to make your online experience better by improving our products and services.
Data Categories
Same as in No.1.
Related Adform Product and/or Service
Buy side, Ad server.
Legal bases
We process this data by default on the basis of our legitimate interest. However, the publisher on whose site we are integrated with our product or service can decide to obtain your consent. In this case, we process the data based on your consent.
3. Fraud prevention and security (IAB Special Purpose 1)
Brief explanation
Your personal data can be used to monitor for and prevent unusual and possibly fraudulent or unlawful activity (e. g. to ensure that the ads are clicked upon by real people, and not bots), and ensure systems and processes work properly and securely.
Data categories
Online identifier (e. g. cookie ID, mobile advertising ID), browser information (e. g. URL/domain; time stamp, user agent, IP address).
Related Adform Product and/or Service
Buy side, sell side, Ad server.
Legal bases
Legitimate Interests.
4. Develop and Improve products (IAB Purpose 10)
Brief explanation
Personal data about how you use Adform clients' websites or apps, like how you engage with ads or content, can be really valuable for improving Adform products and services and creating new ones based on users’ activity online.
Data Categories
1st Party IDs, Cookies IDs and other identifiers as applicable, as well as real-time data (e. g. information about the page content, app type).
Related Adform Product and/or Service
Buy Side, Sell Side, Ad server, DMP.
Legal bases
We process this data by default on the basis of our legitimate interest. However, the publisher on whose site we are integrated with our product or service can decide to obtain your consent. In this case, we process the data based on your consent.
5. Synchronize our Service with other online advertising services (Link different End User devices) (IAB Feature 2)
Brief explanation
We might use Cookie IDs and other IDs to connect our Service with other online advertising services. This is an essential part of the digital advertising world because it helps our clients combine data from different advertising service providers. No other personal data is used for this purpose.
Data Categories
1st Party IDs, Cookies IDs and other identifiers as applicable.
Related Adform Product and/or Service
Buy Side, Sell Side, Ad server, DMP.
Legal bases
We process this data by default on the basis of our legitimate interest. However, the publisher on whose site we are integrated with our product or service can decide to obtain your consent. In this case, we process the data based on your consent.
6. Comply with legal obligations, especially processing data subjects‘ requests
Brief explanation
We may process your personal data to comply with our legal obligations, in particular to ensure that the data subject requests received from you are dealt in a lawful and suitable manner according to the deadlines established in the applicable data protection laws.
Data Categories
1st Party IDs, Cookies IDs and other identifiers as applicable.
Related Adform Product and/or Service
Buy Side, Sell Side, Ad server, DMP.
Legal bases
Legal obligation, legitimate interest.
7. Creation of an End User personalized advertising profile (IAB Purpose 3)
Brief explanation
We collect information about your actions on our clients' websites or apps, like the content you view or data we receive from our clients. This data may be combined with your previous actions or those of similar users. It helps us create or enhance a profile about you, including your potential interests and personal characteristics. This profile can be used to show you more relevant ads based on your interests.
Data categories
1st Party IDs, Cookie IDs, and technical data related to these IDs (e.g. impressions, clicks, conversions, approximate geolocation, timestamp, URL, device information, browser information), IP address.
Related Adform Product and/or Service
Buy side, sell side, Ad serving
Legal bases
Consent
8. Selection of personalized and/or contextual advertisements (IAB Purpose 4)
Brief explanation
Ads you see on our clients' websites or apps are determined by your advertising profiles, which are shaped by your activity on these platforms, as well as other websites or apps, your interests, and personal information.
Data categories
1st Party IDs, Cookie IDs, and technical data related to these IDs (e.g. impressions, clicks, conversions, approximate geolocation, timestamp, URL, device information, browser information), IP address.
Related Adform Product and/or Service
Buy side, ad serving.
Legal bases
Consent.
9. Use limited data to select advertising (IAB Purpose 2, Special Purpose 2)
Brief explanation
Ads on our clients' websites and apps may be tailored based on limited data, such as the site or app you're using, your general location, device type, and your interaction with content. This customization helps limit the frequency of ad displays.
Data categories
1st Party IDs, Cookie IDs, and technical data related to these IDs (e.g. impressions, clicks, conversions, approximate geolocation, timestamp, URL, device information, browser information), IP address.
Related Adform Product and/or Service
Buy side, sell side, ad serving.
Legal bases
Legitimate interests.
10. Save and communicate privacy choices User choices
Brief explanation
In order for Adform to respect user’s choices, it has to first know what those choices are. The storing and communicating of user choice signals (for instance in the form of TCF Strings), ensure that the choices of users can be respected and that Users do not have to make those choices again on each subsequent use of the relevant digital property.
This results in Adform’s recording of (and gaining of access to) consent signals, objections and user preference, for instance by means of TC Strings within the framework of the Transparency and Consent Framework (TCF). The user choice signals therefore represent the giving, refusing or withdrawing of consent by users and the exercise of their right to object.
Data Categories
General metadata about the website operator that indicate its implementation with the TCF, this include points such as ID of the CMP, the language, the user’s consent per purpose.
Related Adform Product and/or Service
Buy Side, Sell Side, DMP.
Legal bases
We process this data by default on the basis of our legitimate interest.
What channels does Adform operate in
1. Video channel
Description:
Video ads placed on phones, TVs, computers, gaming consoles, digital out of home signs and more.
Personal data categories:
1st Party IDs; Cookie IDs and other identifiers as applicable (e.g. MAIDs, IDFAs); IP address; Device type; Device location data (where available).
Legal basis of data processing:
Please refer to the section ‘What Information Do We Collect and Use’ for more information on exact lawful basis for each purpose.
Opt-out:
You may request to opt-out via the following link
here
.
2. Audio channel
Description:
Programmatic Audio runs on a range of services including Podcasts, Streaming Services and Digital Radio.
Personal data categories:
1st Party IDs; Cookies IDs and other identifiers as applicable (e.g. MAIDs, IDFAs); IP address; Device type; Device location data (where available).
Legal basis of data processing:
Please refer to the section ‘What Information Do We Collect and Use’ for more information on exact lawful basis for each purpose.
Opt-out:
You may request to opt-out via the following link
here
.
3. Gaming channel
Description:
In-game Advertising covers a range of gaming types from E-sport, Streaming and Platform games. The ad placements appear as game interruptions, outside of gaming area or in places which replicate advertising in real-world situations, such as advertising boards, product placements, mobile or static billboards.
Personal data categories:
1st Party IDs; Cookies IDs and other identifiers as applicable (e.g. MAIDs, IDFAs); IP address; Device type; Device location data (where available).
Legal basis of data processing:
Please refer to the section ‘What Information Do We Collect and Use’ for more information on exact lawful basis for each purpose.
Opt-out:
You may request to opt-out via the following link
here
.
4. DOOH channel
Description:
Digital Out Of Home (DOOH) refers to ads reaching the consumer while they are outside of their home, and targets people in transit, in public spaces, or during specific activities.
Personal data categories:
none.
Legal basis of data processing:
Legitimate interest.
Opt-out:
N/A.
5. CTV channel
Description:
Connected TV (CTV) refers to an internet-connected TV with built-in internet app capabilities.
Personal data categories:
1st Party IDs; Cookies IDs and other identifiers as applicable (e.g. MAIDs, IDFAs); IP address; Device type; Device location data (where available).
Legal basis of data processing:
Please refer to the section ‘What Information Do We Collect and Use’ for more information on exact lawful basis for each purpose.
Opt-out:
You may request to opt-out via the following link
here
.
6. Native ads channel
Description:
Native ads seamlessly match the content and design of the content it appears with. Native ads can be found in gaming, news, social media or other web or apps content outlets.
Personal data categories:
1st Party IDs; Cookies IDs and other identifiers as applicable (e.g. MAIDs, IDFAs); IP address; Device type; Device location data (where available).
Legal basis of data processing:
Please refer to the section ‘What Information Do We Collect and Use’ for more information on exact lawful basis for each purpose.
Opt-out:
You may request to opt-out via the following link
here
.
7. Display channel
Description:
Non-video, non-native banners that can be seen when browsing websites or using apps.
Personal data categories:
1st Party IDs; Cookies IDs and other identifiers as applicable (e.g. MAIDs, IDFAs); IP address; Device type; Device location data (where available).
Legal basis of data processing:
Please refer to the section ‘What Information Do We Collect and Use’ for more information on exact lawful basis for each purpose.
Opt-out:
You may request to opt-out via the following link
here
.
With whom we share Information
With clients
The Services allow clients to provide and share Information with each other. Clients have access to the Information they collect, upload or use within the Services, and may have access to Information generated through their use of the Service.
With third parties
We may share Cookie IDs or other IDs with partners for the purpose of ID synchronization. A list of such partners is available
here
.
We may also share Information with our affiliates and third-party services providers (list of Adform affiliates and third-party service providers (if applicable) is available
here
; who provide data processing services to us and support us in providing our Service (for example, to support the delivery of, provide functionality on, or help to enhance the security of our Service), or who otherwise process Information for purposes that are described in this Privacy Policy.
If instructed by our clients, we may also share Information that is controlled by our clients and which we process on behalf of our clients with third parties.
Also, we may disclose Information to the following categories of recipients:
To any competent law enforcement body, regulatory, government agency, court or other third party where we believe disclosure is necessary (i) as a matter of applicable law or regulation, (ii) to exercise, establish or defend our legal rights, or (iii) to protect your vital interests or those of any other person;
To any other person with your consent or with another suitable legal basis to the disclosure.
How long do we store Personal Information
We retain personal information we collect from you as long as we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, to provide our clients with a service or to comply with applicable legal, tax or accounting requirements).
In the context of information derived from tracking technologies please note:
The cookies Adform sets in browsers expire 60 days after the last interaction with the website.
Mobile Advertising IDs are technical IDs in mobile application environments. Mobile Advertising IDs are resettable by the user; however, Adform does not have control of a Mobile Advertising ID. Adform will see the same Mobile Advertising ID as long as it is not changed by the device user or updated by the device.
Adform does not keep any Cookie-based Information longer than 13 months. In other words, any data that can be related to your internet devices are deleted after maximum 13 months.
International Data Transfers
Personal Information may be transferred to and processed in countries outside of the European Union. These countries may have data protection laws that are different from the laws of your country and, in some cases, may not be as protective.
Some of the recipients of Personal Information may operate outside the European Union (e.g. in the United States of America). This means that when we transfer your Personal Information to these third parties, your Personal Information will be processed outside the European Union. We have taken appropriate safeguards to ensure an adequate level of data protection in accordance with this Privacy Policy on the side of the recipients. For example, some of the transfers may occur to the so-called ‘adequate’ countries that ensure the same level of protection of Personal Information. Nevertheless, in case the data transfer occurs to a country that is not considered ‘adequate’, we have signed Standard Contractual Clauses as an international data transfer mechanism and conducted necessary supplementary measures, such as transfer risk assessments to ensure that the level of protection of your Personal Information is not lower than in the EU.
Your Data Protection Rights
You have the following data protection rights:
You can:
access,
correct,
update or
request deletion of,
object to processing of your personal information,
ask us to restrict processing of your personal information,
request portability of your personal information or
if we process your data with your consent, withdraw your consent at any time. The withdrawal of consent will not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
You can exercise these rights at any time by visiting the Data Subject Rights section via this
link
. You may also send an email to dpo[at]adform.com.
You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority. A list of the European data protection authorities can be found here:
https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/about-edpb/members_en
Contact Us
Controller for the processing of your personal data (alone or jointly with others) is:
Adform A/S
Silkegade 3B, ST. & 1., 1113 Copenhagen, Denmark
Adform has appointed a Data Protection Officer. If you have any questions or believe your personal information has been used in a way that is not consistent with this policy or applicable legislation, or you have any other data protection related issues or queries, please contact our Data Protection Officer by e-mail sent to dpo[at]adform.com.
Written inquiries may be addressed to:
Data Protection Officer
Adform A/S
Silkegade 3B, ST. & 1., 1113 Copenhagen, Denmark
Effective date of the recent update of this Privacy Policy 05.01.2024
Sub-policy 9
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation:
Privacy Center home
Search
Privacy topics
More privacy resources
Privacy Policy
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
What information do we collect?
How do we use your information?
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
How do we share information with third parties?
How do the Meta Companies work together?
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
How long do we keep your information?
How do we transfer information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
How will you know the Policy has changed?
How to contact Meta with questions
Legal basis information
Other policies and articles
Settings
Privacy Policy
How we use info for AI at Meta
Based on feedback from regulators, we’re still delaying our plans to use your information from Meta Products to develop and improve
AI at Meta
. We’ll let you know before we start using this information for this purpose, and how you can exercise your right to object.
Other updates
We're updating our Privacy Policy. The updates go into effect on April 7, 2025.
Read the new policy.
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
Effective November 14, 2024 |
View printable version
|
See previous versions
Highlights
We at Meta want you to understand what information we collect, and how we use and share it. That’s why we encourage you to read our Privacy Policy. This helps you use
Meta Products
in the way that’s right for you.
In the Privacy Policy, we explain how we collect, use, share, retain and transfer information. We also let you know your rights. Each section of this Policy includes helpful examples and simpler language to make our practices easier to understand. We’ve also added links to resources where you can learn more about the privacy topics that interest you.
It's important to us that you know how to control your privacy, so we also show you where you can manage your information in the settings of the Meta Products you use. You can
update these settings
to shape your experience.
Read the full Policy below.
What Products does this Policy cover?
Learn more in Privacy Center about managing your privacy
What information do we collect?
Highlights
The information we collect and process about you depends on how you use our
Products
. For example, we collect different information if you sell furniture on Marketplace than if you post a reel on Instagram. When you use our Products, we collect some information about you
even if you don't have an account
.
Here's the information we collect:
Your activity and information you provide
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
Information from partners, vendors and other third parties
What if you don’t let us collect certain information?
Some information is required for our Products to work. Other information is optional, but without it, the quality of your experience might be affected.
Learn more
What if the information we collect doesn’t identify individuals?
In some cases information is de-identified, aggregated, or anonymized by third parties so that it no longer identifies individuals before it’s made available to us. We use this information as described below without trying to re-identify individuals.
Take control
Manage the information we collect about you
Privacy Center
How do we use your information?
Highlights
We use
information we collect
to provide a personalized experience to you, including ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products), along with the other purposes we explain in detail below.
For some of these purposes, we use information
across our Products
from the accounts you choose to add to your Accounts Center, and
across your devices
. The information we use for these purposes is automatically processed by our systems. But in some cases, we also use
manual review
to access and review your information.
To use less information that’s connected to individual users, in some cases we de-identify or aggregate information or anonymize it so that it no longer identifies you. We use this information in the same ways we use your information as described in this section.
Here are the ways we use your information:
To provide, personalize and improve our Products
We use information we have to provide and improve our
Products
. This includes personalizing features, content and
recommendations
, such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
, Stories and ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products). We use
information with special protections
you choose to provide for these purposes, but not to show you ads.
Read more about how we use information to provide, personalize and improve our Products:
How we show ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
How we use information to improve our Products
How we use location-related information
To promote safety, security and integrity
We use information we collect to help protect people from harm and provide safe, secure Products.
Learn more
To provide measurement, analytics and business services
Lots of people rely on our Products to run or promote their businesses or share content. We help them measure how well their ads and other content, products and services are working.
Learn more
To communicate with you
We communicate with you using information you've given us, like contact information you've entered on your profile.
Learn more
To research and innovate for social good
We use information we have, information from researchers and datasets from publicly available sources, professional groups and non-profit groups to conduct and support research.
Learn more
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
Highlights
On Meta Products
Learn more about the different cases when your information can be shared on our
Products
:
People and accounts you share and communicate with
Content others share or reshare about you
Public content
With integrated partners
You can choose to connect with
integrated partners
who use our Products. If you do, these integrated partners receive information about you and your activity.
These integrated partners can always access information that’s public on our Products. Learn more about other information they receive and how they handle your information:
When you use an integrated partner’s product or service
When you interact with someone else’s content on an integrated partner’s product or service
How integrated partners handle your information
Take control
Learn more about audiences
Privacy Center
Manage apps and websites
How do we share information with third parties?
Highlights
We don't sell any of your information to anyone, and we never will. We also require
partners
and other
third parties
to follow rules about how they can and cannot use and disclose the information we provide.
Here’s more detail about who we share information with:
Partners
Advertisers and Audience Network publishers (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
Partners who use our analytics services
Partners who offer goods or services on our Products and commerce services platforms
Integrated partners
Vendors
Measurement vendors
Marketing vendors
Service providers
Service providers
Third parties
External researchers
AI integrations
Other third parties
We also share information with other
third parties
in response to legal requests, to comply with applicable law or to prevent harm.
Read the Policy
.
And if we sell or transfer all or part of our business to someone else, in some cases we’ll give the new owner your information as part of that transaction, but only as the law allows.
How do the Meta Companies work together?
Highlights
We are part of the
Meta Companies
that provide Meta Company Products.
Meta Company Products
include all the
Meta Products
covered by this Policy, plus other products like WhatsApp and more.
We share information we collect, infrastructure, systems and technology with the other Meta Companies.
Learn more
about how we transfer information to other countries.
We also process information that we receive about you from other Meta Companies, according to their terms and policies and as permitted by applicable law. In some cases, Meta acts as a
service provider
for other Meta Companies. We act on their behalf and in accordance with their instructions and terms.
Why we share across the Meta Companies
Meta Products share information with other Meta Companies:
To promote safety, security and integrity and comply with applicable laws
To provide optional features and integrations
To understand how people use and interact with Meta Company Products
See some examples
of why we share.
More resources
Review the privacy policies of the other Meta Companies
Facebook Help Center
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
Highlights
Under applicable data protection law, companies must have a legal basis to process personal data. When we talk about "processing personal data," we mean the ways we collect, use and share your information, as we described in the other sections of this Policy above.
What is our legal basis?
You have the following rights under GDPR and other relevant data protection laws:
Access and correct information
Withdraw consent
Port your information
Download your information
Erase information
Object
Make a complaint
How long do we keep your information?
Highlights
We keep information as long as we need it to provide our Products, comply with legal obligations or protect our or other’s interests. We decide how long we need information on a case-by-case basis. Here’s what we consider when we decide:
If we need it to operate or provide our Products. For example, we need to keep some of your information to maintain your account.
Learn more
.
The feature we use it for, and how that feature works. For example, messages sent using Messenger’s vanish mode are retained for less time than regular messages.
Learn more
.
How long we need to retain the information to comply with certain legal obligations.
See some examples
.
If we need it for other legitimate purposes, such as to prevent harm; investigate possible violations of our terms or policies; promote safety, security and integrity; or protect ourselves, including our rights, property or products
In some instances and for specific reasons, we’ll keep information for an extended period of time.
Read our Policy
about when we may preserve your information.
How do we transfer information?
Highlights
Why is information transferred to other countries?
Where is information transferred?
How do we safeguard your information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
Highlights
We access, preserve, use and share your information:
In response to legal requests, like search warrants, court orders, production orders or subpoenas. These requests come from
third parties
such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
Learn more
about when we respond to legal requests.
In accordance with applicable law
To promote the safety, security and integrity of
Meta Products
, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
.
We may access or preserve your information for an extended amount of time.
Learn more
.
How will you know the Policy has changed?
We'll notify you before we make material changes to this Policy. You’ll have the opportunity to review the revised Policy before you choose to continue using our Products.
How to contact Meta with questions
You can learn more about how privacy works on
Facebook
and on
Instagram
, and in the
Facebook Help Center
. If you have questions about this Policy, or have questions, complaints or requests regarding your information, you can contact us as described below.
The data controller responsible for your information is Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, which you can
contact online
, or by mail at:
Meta Platforms Ireland Limited
ATTN: Privacy Operations
Merrion Road
Dublin 4
D04 X2K5, Ireland
Contact the Data Protection Officer
for Meta Platforms Ireland Limited.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with Meta Platforms Ireland's lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission, or your local supervisory authority.
Legal basis information
Consent
We process information as described below when you have given us your consent to do so, which we may ask through in-product experiences, to enable particular features, or to enable device-based settings. The categories of information we use and why and how they are processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Processing information with special protections that you provide so we can share it with those you choose, to provide, personalise and improve our Products and to undertake analytics.  We’ll collect, store, publish and apply automated, or sometimes manual, processing for these purposes.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Any information with special protections that you choose to provide, such as your religious views, your sexual orientation, political views, health, racial or ethnic origin, philosophical beliefs or trade union membership, or as part of surveys you choose to participate in, and where you have given your explicit consent
Personalizing ads on the Meta Products:
If we show you ads on Meta Products, including Meta Audience Network, depending on your
settings
, we will use your information across the account(s) in your Accounts Centre to show you ads, including using cookies, to personalize your ads and measure how those ads perform.
If we show you ads on Meta Products, our ads system automatically processes information that we've collected and stored associated with you. In accordance with your Ad settings, our ads system uses this information to understand your interests and your preferences and personalize your ads across the Meta Products.
Learn more
about your Ad settings.
Our ads system prioritizes what ad to show you based on what audience advertisers want to reach. Then we match the ad to people who might be interested.
Learn more
about how our ads system works.
Learn more
about how we choose the ads that you see.
You can change your choice at any time in your “Ad Preferences”.
Your activity and information that you provide
:
Content that you create, such as posts, comments or audio
Content that you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content, including ads, that you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features that you use and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions that you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you're doing on your device, such as whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users'
Device signals
Information that you've shared through your device settings (e.g. GPS location)
Information about the network that you connect your device to
Location-related  information
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Using information from partners, vendors and other third parties to tailor the ads you see: If we show you ads on Meta Products, with your consent we’ll use information that partners, vendors and other third parties provide us about activity off the Meta Products and that we have associated with you to personalize ads that we show you on the Meta Products, and on websites, apps and devices that use our advertising services. We receive this information whether or not you’re logged in or have an account on our Products, see the
Cookies Policy
for more information.
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request when you use some of our Products. For example, when you direct us we share your email address or other information that you might choose to share with an advertiser so that they can contact you with additional information about a promoted product. The type of third party and categories of information shared depend on the circumstances of what you ask us to share.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like your contact, profile or other information, like posts or comments
Collecting information that you allow us to receive through the device-based settings you enable (such as access to your GPS location, camera or photos) which we use to provide the features or services described when you enable the setting.
App, browser and device information
:
Information from device settings
Verifying your identity or account, or helping to protect against suspicious activity including impersonation and identity misuse, using face analysis which may include facial recognition technology if you select it.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Your account information, profile photo, or
your photo or video selfie, if you choose to provide it
When we process information that you provide to us based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal. You also have the right to port that information you provide to us based on your consent. To exercise your rights, visit your device-based settings, and visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings and our Help Centers.
Performance of a contract
For all people who have the legal capacity to enter into an enforceable contract (for example, by being the age of majority or above in their country of residence), we process information as necessary to conclude and perform our contracts with you (the
Meta Terms
and
Instagram Terms
, the
Supplemental Meta Platforms Technologies Terms of Service
, the
Supplemental Portal Terms of Service
, the
Meta AI Terms of Service
and the
Supplemental Meta View Terms of Service
, together, the “terms"). The purposes for which we process information for our contracts, the categories of information we use and how information is processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Personalising the Meta Products (other than ads): Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories); and
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, and in some instances not only automated processing but also manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features,
Undertake analytics, and
Facilitate your purchases and payments on Meta Pay or other Meta checkout experiences.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts, identity and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the
Oversight Board
,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review and, in some cases, remove content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To communicate with you: We use information you’ve given us (like contact information on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
We’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your e-mail address to respond when you contact us.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Transferring, storing or processing your information globally. We share information we collect globally, both internally across our offices and data centers and externally with our partners, third parties and service providers. Because Meta is global, with users, partners and employees around the world, transfers are necessary to:
Operate and provide the services described in the terms that apply to the Meta Product(s) you are using. This includes allowing you to share information and connect with your family and friends around the globe; and
So we can fix, analyze and improve our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
We'll use the information we have to provide these services; if you choose not to provide certain information (other than limited account information which is necessary to create a
Facebook account
or an
Instagram account
), your experience using the Meta Products may be affected. For example, you may see less relevant recommendations on the Products, or your use of the Products may be restricted.
When we process information that you provide to us as necessary for concluding or performing our contracts with you, you have the right to port it under the GDPR. To exercise your rights, visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings, or learn more in our Help Centers.
Compliance with a legal obligation
The categories of information we use, why we process your information based on compliance with a legal obligation and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
For processing information when the law requires it: Where we are under an obligation to disclose information such as, for example, if we receive a valid legal request for certain information (such as an Irish search warrant), we will access, preserve and / or share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others.
The way in which the information will be processed depends on the specific circumstances, see
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and integrity?
for more.
Information for Law Enforcement Authorities
provides information on the operational guidelines law enforcement needs to follow.
Examples of Irish and EU laws enforceable in Ireland that could give rise to an obligation requiring us to process the information we hold about you are:
Civil and commercial matters: where we are in receipt of a court order or otherwise required to disclose information for the purposes of court proceedings, such as under Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters.
Criminal matters: to comply with requests from Irish law enforcement to provide information in relation to an investigation, such as under Section 10 of the Criminal Justice (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1997 as amended by 6(1)(a) of the Criminal Justice Act 2006, or to take steps to report information to law enforcement where required.
Consumer matters: to comply with our obligations under consumer law such as the Competition and Consumer Protection Act 2014.
Corporate and taxation matters: to comply with our obligations such as the Companies Act 2014.
Regulatory matters: to comply with our obligations to engage with regulators, such as the Data Protection Commission under the General Data Protection Regulation and the Data Protection Act 2018.
Financial matters: to comply with our obligations under applicable financial services law such as the European Union (Payment Services) Regulations 2018
View the
current list of laws
which are enforceable in Ireland that give rise to a legal obligation for Meta which results in the processing of information. New laws may be enacted or other obligations may become binding on our processing of your information which may require us to process your information and we will update this list from time to time.
The categories of information depend on the specific circumstances of each mandatory request or obligation. Only the information necessary to comply with the relevant legal obligation will be processed. For example, for civil matters, this will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information). However, depending on the circumstances it could include the following:
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Legitimate interests
We rely on our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of a third party, where they are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms ("legitimate interests"). The categories of information we use, the legitimate interests relied on and why and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Legitimate interests relied on
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
If you are a registered user of the Meta Products
For people under the age of majority (under 18, in most applicable countries) who have a limited ability to enter into an enforceable contract only, where we may be unable to process your information on the grounds of contractual necessity.
Personalising the Meta Products: Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
News Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories),
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Learn more
about how we use information about you to personalise your experience on and across Meta Products and how we choose the ads that you see.
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
(other than using partner data to tailor ads to you)
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, automated processing, and in some instances manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide advertising products,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features, and
Undertake analytics.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To enable people under the age of majority to use and connect to the Meta Products in an easy and intuitive manner.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public profile information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the Oversight Board,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review, and in some cases remove, content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on the Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
To secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, and to protect the safety of people under the age of majority, including to prevent exploitation or other harms to which such individuals may be particularly vulnerable.
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating with you:
We use information you have given us (like contact information you’ve entered on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
we’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your email address to respond to you when you contact us.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
For all people, including those under the age of majority
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and how their content is performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help users, businesses, and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their content, websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realise using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our other partners; and
In the interests of developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
If we show you ads on Meta Products:
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, advertisers and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, advertisers and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's ads, content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and ads, and how their content and ads are performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help businesses, advertisers and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, advertisers, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realize using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our advertisers and other partners; and
In the interests of advertisers, developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content and advertising on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating, engaging and sharing across the Meta Company Products:
To provide a seamless, consistent and richer, innovative, experience across the Meta Company Products and to enable cross app interactions, sharing, viewing and engaging with content, including posts and videos.
In our interest to provide seamless, consistent and richer, innovative communication, engagement and sharing experiences across Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Business intelligence and analytics:
To understand, in aggregate, your usage of and across our Products, to accurately count people and businesses; and
Validate metrics directly related to these, in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to adhere to (shareholder/earning) reporting obligations.
In our interest to measure the use of our Products and count the people who interact with our Products in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to enable provision of accurate and reliable reporting.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Location-related information
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you:
Depending on your settings, we’ll share marketing communications with you.
We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide, including your contact information like e-mail address
App, browser and device information
:
Device identifiers
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from researchers we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
For example, we analyse information that we have about migration patterns during crises. This helps relief organizations get aid to the right places.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation of information as well as manual (human) review, and share information, as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programmes.
In our interest and those of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Anonymising your information
In some cases, we anonymise information we have about you, such as your activity on and off our Products, and use the resulting information, for example, to provide and improve our Meta Products, including ads.
In our interest to fund our provision of the Meta Products, provide relevant advertising to users, and improve ads delivery and Meta Products;
In the interests of advertisers to help them to reach relevant audiences who may be interested in their information, products or services;
In the interests of users that Meta practice data minimisation and privacy by design in respect of their information
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to legal requests.
See
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promote safety, integrity and security in limited circumstances outside of the performance of our contracts with you:
Our Meta Products are delivered to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We apply automated processing, as well as manual (human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request:
You may choose to share your contact information, profile information and other data with our partners: The types of partners with whom information is shared depends on the features of our service that you use and the manner in which you choose to use them. For example, you may choose to share your email address, birthday, friends list, hometown or other information with a partner if you choose to connect your Facebook account to their app.
To deliver  quality experiences to users who use our partners’ apps, in our best interest and in the interest of our users.
To facilitate and improve users' experiences in their apps, in the interests of our partners who want to facilitate and improve consumers' experiences in their apps.
Information you provide (for example, your email address, birthday, friends’ list and hometown).
If you are using a device we cannot associate with a registered user of the Meta Products
Promote safety, integrity and security:
Our Meta Products are delivered in a manner to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We collect and store information we have for this purpose and apply automated processing and manual (i.e. human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and research and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users generally and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you: We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail address.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide including your contact information like your e-mail address
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from research partners we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programs.
In our interest and in the interest of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to
legal requests
.
See '
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
' for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Provide and improve our Products:
We use information we collect to:
Provide products and curate features
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To improve the Meta Company Products in a consistent manner, to correct technical glitches, and to optimise functionality.
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary to pursue our legitimate interests or those of a third party, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, such processing; to exercise your right, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings.
We will consider several factors when assessing an objection, including: our users' reasonable expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort. Unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons, your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
If you are under the age of majority in your country and there is no enforceable contract in place, we will take particular account of the fact that you are below the age of majority when conducting our assessment of our legitimate interests and the balancing  of your interests and rights. We provide specific protections for people below the age of majority to ensure that they are aware of the risks, consequences, safeguards and rights associated with the processing of their information.
Tasks carried out in the public interest
The purposes for which we anticipate processing your information as a task in the public interest, the processing we undertake, and the information we use is set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Undertaking research for social good:  We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to undertake research and other tasks in the public interest, such as sharing relevant research data with third parties like international organisations and academics both in and outside the EEA. The public interest is required to be laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Articles 168 and 179 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To promote safety, integrity and security: In limited fact specific circumstances, we will access, preserve and share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others where necessary to perform a task in the public interest. For example, we might share information with others for the purposes of combatting unlawful or harmful behaviour where it is in the public interest to do so and where the public interest is laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Section 53 of the Data Protection Act 2018 and Regulation (EU) 2021/1232.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from Partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary for a task carried out in the public interest, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, our processing. To exercise your rights, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings. In assessing an objection, we will consider several factors, including: our users' reasonable user expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort.
Your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information, unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
Protection of your vital interests or that of another person
The categories of information we use, why we process your information to protect your vital interests or those of another person and how it’s processed are set out below
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Protecting the vital interests of you and/or those of another person: We apply automated processing techniques, conduct manual (human) review and share information, including with law enforcement and others, in circumstances where someone’s vital interests require protection, such as in the case of emergencies. These vital interests include protection of your life, physical or mental health, wellbeing or integrity or that of others, and detecting, removing, and reporting illegal content. In protecting such vital interests we aim to combat harmful conduct and promote safety, integrity and security, including, for example, when we are investigating reports of harmful conduct or taking appropriate action, such as sharing information with relevant authorities, when someone needs help.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content,
subject to applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Sub-policy 10
https://site.adform.com/privacy-center/website-privacy/website-privacy-policy:
Contact Us
For Advertisers
Adform FLOW
Your seamless media buying platform for omnichannel advertising
Demand Side Platform
Buy and manage your digital advertising with greater precision
Ad Server
Host, centralize, and track your ads across all digital channels
Data Management Platform
Centralize, organize, manage and utilize your data effectively
Identity
Unlock up to 40% incremental reach with first-party IDs
Omnichannel Activation
Integrate your digital and CTV buying with true omnichannel buying, measurement, and activation
Carbon Reduction
Run effective campaigns while reducing your carbon footprint
Retail Media
Turnkey solution for retailers covering onsite, offsite, instore and sponsored listings
For Publishers
Supply Side Platform
Monetize inventory, optimize revenue, and improve your ad sales
Publisher Ad Server
Host, manage, and organize your ad inventory
Data Management Platform for Publishers
Centralize, organize, manage, and utilizing your data effectively
Resources
Resources
Stay up to date on the latest in adtech with deep insights and thought leadership
Client Stories
Real world inspiration on strategies and tactics that deliver results
Newsroom
Stay up to date with the latest official news, press releases, and blog posts
Adtech Cafe
A series of conversations about the state of adtech enjoyed over a cup of coffee at the Adtech Café
Meet the Game Changers
Hear how our clients used Adform to change the game and improve their business results
Creative Showroom
Discover and get inspired by some of the best creative executions for digital advertising
Careers
Careers at Adform
Adform Engineers
Meet the Adformers
Why Adform
Careers
Log In
Contact Us
Website Privacy Notice
Quick links
What does Adform do
What personal information does Adform collect and why?
Who does Adform share my personal information with?
Legal basis for processing personal information
Cookies and similar tracking technology
How does Adform keep my personal information secure?
International data transfers
Data retention
Your data protection rights
How to contact us
Updates
Website Privacy Notice
Updated on the 10th of February 2020 in conjunction with Adform’s implementation of a consent management solution.
See previous versions at the bottom of this Privacy Policy.
Adform respects your right to privacy. This Privacy Notice explains who we are, how we collect, share and use personal information about you when you use our website, and how you can exercise your privacy rights. This Privacy Notice only applies to personal information that we collect through our website at adform.com (“Website”). For personal information that we collect when you use or interact with our services, please see our services privacy notice at
https://site.adform.com/privacy-center/platform-privacy/product-and-services-privacy-policy
.
If you have any questions or concerns about our use of your personal information, then please contact us using the contact details provided at the bottom of this Privacy Notice.
Quick links
We recommend that you read this Privacy Notice in full to ensure you are fully informed.  However, if you only want to access a particular section of this Privacy Notice, then you can click on the relevant link on the navigation pane to the left to jump to that section.
What does Adform do
Adform is a provider of digital advertising technology, headquartered in Denmark with subsidiaries (“Adform Group”) all around the world. Our services enable advertisers to serve online and mobile advertising which users are likely to find more interesting, to only serve ads to those that might be interested and to limit unwanted repeat exposure to ads.
For more information about Adform, please see the “About” section of our Website at
https://site.adform.com/company/about/
.
What personal information does Adform collect and why?
The personal information that we may collect about you broadly falls into the following categories:
Information that you provide voluntarily
Certain parts of our Website may
allow
you to provide personal infor
mation voluntarily: for example,
we may ask you to provide
your contact details in order to
register an account with us, to subscribe to marketing communications from us,
and/
or to submit enquiries to us. The personal information that you are asked to provide, and the reasons why you are asked to provide it, will be made clear to you at the point we ask you to provide your personal information.
Information that we collect automatically
When you
visit our Website, we
collect certain information automatically from your device. In some countries, including
countries in
the European Economic Area, this information may be considered personal information under
applicable
data protection law
s.
Specifically, the information we collect automatically
can
include information like your IP address, device type, unique device identification numbers, browser-type, broad geographic location (e.g. country or city-level location) and other technical information.  We may also collect information about how your device has interacted with our Website, including the pages accessed and links clicked.
Collecting this information enables us to better understand the visitors who come to our Website, where they come from, and what content on our Website is of interest to them
and how certain features are used
. We use this information for our internal analytics purposes and to improve the quality and relevance of our Website
and services
.
We may also use the data for targeting and tailoring online advertisement.
Some of this information may be collected using cookies and similar tracking technology, as explained further under the heading “Cookies and
similar tracking t
echnology” below.
Information that we obtain from third party sources
From time to time, we may receive
data
about you from third party sources
such as data vendors or social media
, but only where we have checked that these third parties either have your consent or are otherwise legally permitted or required to disclose your personal information to us.
The types of information
we may
receive
from third parties
are
such
as segments that can be used for online
advertising
or
any
information
that we could use
to improve our advertising content and
audience
targeting
.
In general, we will use the personal information we collect from you only for the purposes described in this Privacy Notice or
for purposes
that we explain to you at the time we collect your personal information. However, we may also use your personal information for other purposes that are not incompatible with the purposes we have disclosed to you
(such as archiving purposes in the public interest, scientific or historical research purposes, or statistical purposes) if and where this is permitted by a
pplicable data protection laws.
The data controller of your personal information is Adform A/S.
Who does Adform share my personal information with?
We may disclose your personal information to the following categories of recipients:
to Adform Group companies, third-party services providers and partners who provide data processing services to us (for example, to support the delivery of, provide functionality on, or help to enhance the security of our Website), or who otherwise process personal information for purposes that are described in this Privacy Notice or notified to you when we collect your personal information. A list of our current Adform Group companies is available here:
https://site.adform.com/company/affiliates/adform-as/
to any competent law enforcement body, regulatory, government agency, court or other third party in case it should occur that we believe disclosure is necessary (i) as a matter of applicable law or regulation, (ii) to exercise, establish or defend our legal rights, or (iii) to protect your vital interests or those of any other person;
to a potential acquirer of Adform and its agents/advisers in connection with any actual or proposed purchase, merger or acquisition of any part of our business, provided that we inform the buyer it must use your personal information only for the purposes disclosed in this Privacy Notice;
to any other person with your consent to the disclosure.
Legal basis for processing personal information
Our legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described above will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it.
However, we will normally collect personal information from you only (i) where we need the personal information to fulfill our contractual obligations with you, (ii) where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your rights, or (iii) where we have your consent to do so.  In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect personal information from you or may otherwise need the personal information to protect your vital interests or those of another person.
If we ask you to provide personal information to comply with a legal requirement or to perform a contract with you, we will make this clear at the relevant time and advise you whether the provision of your personal information is mandatory or not (as well as of the possible consequences if you do not provide your personal information).
If we collect and use your personal information in relation to our legitimate interests (or those of any third party), this interest will normally be to operate our platform and communicate with you as necessary to provide our services to you and for our legitimate commercial interest, for instance, when responding to your queries, improving our platform, undertaking marketing, or for the purposes of detecting or preventing illegal activities.  We may have other legitimate interests and if appropriate we will make clear to you at the relevant time what those legitimate interests are.
If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information, please contact us using the contact details provided under the “How to contact us” heading below.
If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information, please contact us by sending an email to
dpo[at]adform.com.
Cookies and similar tracking technology
We use cookies and similar tracking technology (collectively, “Cookies”) to collect and use personal information about you, including to serve interest-based advertising.  We use cookies for:
Recording the number of visitors to our Website;
Setting the order in which a visitor visits the various pages to our Website;
Assessing which parts of our Website or services need adaptation;
Optimizing the Website;
Targeting and tailoring advertising towards previous visitors and users; and
Segmenting users according to relevant categories for our advertising.
For further information about the types of Cookies we use, why, and how you can control Cookies, please see our Cookie notice at
https://site.adform.com/privacy-center/website-privacy/cookie-policy/
.
You will before any of these cookies or similar tracking technologies are placed be asked to provide your consent as to whether you agree to Adform’s use such cookies and similar tracking technologies. This will be done via the consent management notice you will see the first time you engage with Adform’s website
.
Essential Cookies
Adform notes that some cookies, referred to as “Essential Cookies” in the consent management notice, cannot be disabled. These cookies are essential for enabling user movement around our website and providing access to features such as your profile and purchases (if any), log-in only available material, and other secure areas of the website. These cookies do not gather information about you that could be used for marketing purposes and do not remember where you have been on the internet. This category of cookies cannot be disabled.
How does Adform keep my personal information secure?
We use appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect the personal information that we collect and process about you. The measures we use are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing your personal information.
To ensure a high standard, Adform conducts annual audits and has received ISO 27001 certification which includes all data centers.
International data transfers
Your personal information may be transferred to, and processed in, countries other than the country in which you reside. These countries may have data protection laws that are different to the laws of your country (and, in some cases, may not be as protective).
Specifically, our Website servers are located in Denmark, but Adform Group companies, third-party service providers, and partners may provide their services out of other countries.
However, we have taken appropriate safeguards to require that your personal information will remain protected in accordance with this Privacy Notice. These include implementing the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses for transfers of personal information between our group companies, which require all group companies to protect the personal information they process from the EEA in accordance with European Union data protection law.
Our Standard Contractual Clauses can be provided on request. We have implemented similar appropriate safeguards with our third party service providers and partners and further details can be provided upon request.
Data retention
We retain personal information we collect from you where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, to provide you with a service you have requested or to comply with applicable legal, tax or accounting requirements).
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize it or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
Your data protection rights
You have the following data protection rights:
If you wish to
access, correct, update or request deletion
of your personal information, you can do so at any time by contacting us using the contact details provided under the
“How to contact us”
heading below.
In addition, you can
object to processing
of your personal information, ask us to
restrict processing
of your personal information or
request portability
of your personal information. Again, you can exercise these rights by contacting us using the contact details provided under the
“How to contact us”
h
eading below.
If you chose to receive
marketing communications
from us, you have the right to
opt-out
at any time. You can exercise this right by clicking on the “unsubscribe” or “opt-out” link in the marketing e-mails we send you. To opt-out of other forms of marketing (such as postal marketing or telemarketing), then please contact us using the contact details provided under the
“How to contact us”
heading below.
Similarly, if we have collected and process your personal information with your consent, then you can
withdraw your consent
at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
You have the
right to complain to a data protection authority
about our collection and use of your personal information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority.
A list of the relevant data protection agencies can be found here: (
http://ec.europa.eu/justice/article-29/structure/data-protection-authorities/index_en.htm
)
We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
How to contact us
Adform has appointed a Data Protection Officer. If you have any questions or believe your personal information has been used in a way that is not consistent with this notice or applicable legislation, or you have any other data protection related issues or queries, please, contact our Data Protection Officer by e-mail sent to
dpo[at]adform.com.
Written inquiries may be addressed to:
Data Protection Officer
Adform A/S
Silkegade 3B, ST. & 1., 1113 Copenhagen, Denmark
Updates
We may update this Privacy Notice from time to time in response to changing legal, technical or business developments. When we update our Privacy Notice, we will take appropriate measures to inform you, consistent with the significance of the changes we make.
This Privacy Notice will always include information on the effective date of the most recent version.
Effective date of the recent update of this Privacy Notice
10th February 2020
Adform’s previous website notice(s) can be found here:
Version applicable until the 10th of February 2020.
Your Privacy
Your Privacy
We process your data to deliver content or advertisements and measure the delivery of such content or advertisements to extract insights about our website. We share this information with our partners on the basis of consent and legitimate interest. You may exercise your right to consent or object to a legitimate interest, based on a specific purpose below or at a partner level in the link under each purpose. These choices will be signaled to our vendors participating in the Transparency and Consent Framework.
Website Privacy Page
List of IAB Vendors‎
Essential Cookies
Always Active
Essential Cookies
These cookies are essential for enabling user movement around our website and providing access to features such as your profile and purchases (if any), log-in only available material, and other secure areas of the website. These cookies do not gather information about you that could be used for marketing purposes and do not remember where you have been on the internet. This category of cookies cannot be disabled.
Cookies Details‎
Functional Cookies
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages.    If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookies Details‎
Analytics Cookies
Analytics Cookies
We use cookies for marketing purposes where we use our own cookies, and cookies as reflected below to collect information about how visitors use our website. These cookies collect information in the aggregate to give us insight into how our website is being used. We anonymize IP addresses, and the anonymized data is transmitted to and stored by ourself on our European servers, and on servers in the EU in respect of Facebook and Google. We, Facebook and Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on those website’s behalf.
Cookies Details‎
Social Media Cookies
Social Media Cookies
These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit.    If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools.
Cookies Details‎
Marketing Cookies
Marketing Cookies
We use cookies for marketing purposes where we use our own cookies, and cookies from third party as reflected below to collect information about how visitors use our website.
You can see a list of all cookies here, where we also describe the lifetime of each cookies: https://site.adform.com/privacy-center/adform-cookies/
Cookies Details‎
Performance Cookies
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site.    All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Cookies Details‎
IAB Purposes Category
IAB Purposes Category
Technically deliver ads or content
Always Active
Your device can receive and send information that allows you to see and interact with ads and content.
Ensure security, prevent fraud, and debug
Always Active
Your data can be used to monitor for and prevent fraudulent activity, and ensure systems and processes work properly and securely.
Match and combine offline data sources
Always Active
Data from offline data sources can be combined with your online activity in support of one or more purposes
Link different devices
Always Active
Different devices can be determined as belonging to you or your household in support of one or more of purposes.
Receive and use automatically-sent device characteristics for identification
Always Active
Your device might be distinguished from other devices based on information it automatically sends, such as IP address or browser type.
Store and/or access information on a device
Targeting Cookies
Cookies, device identifiers, or other information can be stored or accessed on your device for the purposes presented to you.
Select basic ads
Targeting Cookies
Ads can be shown to you based on the content you’re viewing, the app you’re using, your approximate location, or your device type.
Object to Legitimate Interests
Remove Objection
Create a personalised ads profile
Targeting Cookies
A profile can be built about you and your interests to show you personalised ads that are relevant to you.
Object to Legitimate Interests
Remove Objection
Select personalised ads
Targeting Cookies
Personalised ads can be shown to you based on a profile about you.
Object to Legitimate Interests
Remove Objection
Create a personalised content profile
Targeting Cookies
A profile can be built about you and your interests to show you personalised content that is relevant to you.
Object to Legitimate Interests
Remove Objection
Select personalised content
Targeting Cookies
Personalised content can be shown to you based on a profile about you.
Object to Legitimate Interests
Remove Objection
Measure ad performance
Targeting Cookies
The performance and effectiveness of ads that you see or interact with can be measured.
Object to Legitimate Interests
Remove Objection
Measure content performance
Targeting Cookies
The performance and effectiveness of content that you see or interact with can be measured.
Object to Legitimate Interests
Remove Objection
Apply market research to generate audience insights
Targeting Cookies
Market research can be used to learn more about the audiences who visit sites/apps and view ads.
Object to Legitimate Interests
Remove Objection
Develop and improve products
Targeting Cookies
Your data can be used to improve existing systems and software, and to develop new products
Object to Legitimate Interests
Remove Objection
List of IAB Vendors‎
| View Full Legal Text
Opens in a new Tab
Back Button
Advertising Cookies
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
Select All Vendors
Select All Vendors
Select All Hosts
Select All
Name
cookie name
Clear Filters
Information storage and access
Apply
Confirm My Choices
Reject All
Allow All
We Care About Your Privacy
Adform and our partners store and/or access information on a device, such as unique IDs in cookies to process personal data. Adform does not place any cookies, which require your consent, before you have given a consent. You may accept,  manage your choices and/or withdraw your consent by clicking our Cookie Policy and follow the steps herein. These choices will be signaled to our partners and will not affect browsing data.
Click here to learn about our Cookie Policy
and
click here to directly withdraw your consent
We and our partners:
Store and/or access information on a device. Select basic ads. Create a personalised ads profile. Select personalised ads. Create a personalised content profile. Select personalised content. Measure ad performance. Measure content performance. Apply market research to generate audience insights. Develop and improve products.
Click here to learn about our Partners
No thanks, only use essential cookies
Yes please, I accept all cookies
Cookie Settings
Sub-policy 11
https://policy.pinterest.com/en/privacy-policy:
