Skip to Content
traveline south west
Accessibility Options:
High Contrast
Decrease Font Size
Increase Font Size
Main Menu
Plan your Trip
Get Departure Times
My Regular Trip
Route Map
Stop Timetables
Route Timetables
Contact Details
Plan a Journey
Download the
traveline sw
app
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy explains how National 
Public Transport Information protects your privacy and how you control 
the use of your personal information.
The information you provide
 to us when using the National PTI Traveline South West website and apps will 
be used to process any request for advice or information supplied by us 
and to customise this website and apps according to your interests. National PTI do not store IP addresses or other personal information for 
journey planning, departure information or similar requests once the 
session has ended.
When you contact National PTI via
info@travelinesw.com
within the Traveline South West website or apps you may be asked to 
provide your name and address, phone numbers and e-mail address. You may
 also be required to give personal bank account details if a transaction
 results. Any information that we collect about you is stored 
electronically on our database. It may also be printed and stored in our
 filing system. The personal information which we hold will be held 
securely to ensure no unauthorised disclosure or access takes place.
Traveline
 South West will only use this information to deal directly with your 
request for information, comment or query and will only use personal 
information supplied in accordance with UK data protection legislation. 
Personal information will not be passed to third parties, except where 
necessary to answer your query in full, e.g. to other traveline data 
providers.
Any e-mails or other communication sent to you will be 
clearly marked as coming from Traveline South West and National PTI. The 
Traveline South West website contains details of our Cookies Policy and 
Advertising Policy.
Should you wish to obtain a copy of the 
personal data that we hold on you, please write to us at National PTI, 101a 
Plymouth Science Park, 1 Davy Road, Derriford, Plymouth PL6 8BX.
About Us
Large Text
Terms and Conditions
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Help and FAQ