Privacy Policy of
Caprionline
This Website collects some Personal Data from its Users.
Personal Data processed for the following purposes and using the following services:
Advertising
Direct Email Marketing (DEM)
Personal Data: email address; first name; last name
Criteo, Google AdSense, Google Ad Manager, Facebook Lookalike Audience and Google Ads Similar audiences
Personal Data: Tracker; Usage Data
Direct Advertising
Personal Data: device information; Tracker; unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example); Universally unique identifier (UUID); Usage Data
Analytics
Google Analytics, Google Ads conversion tracking, Analytics collected directly, Facebook Ads conversion tracking (Facebook pixel), Google Floodlight conversion tracking (Floodlight tag) and Google Analytics with anonymized IP
Personal Data: Tracker; Usage Data
Facebook Analytics for Apps
Personal Data: Tracker; Usage Data; various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service
User ID extension for Google Analytics
Personal Data: Tracker
Google Analytics Advertising Reporting Features
Personal Data: Tracker; unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example); various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service
Google Analytics Demographics and Interests reports
Personal Data: Tracker; unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example)
Meta Events Manager
Personal Data: Trackers; Usage Data
Collection of privacy-related preferences
iubenda Consent Solution
Personal Data: Data communicated while using the service; Tracker
iubenda Cookie Solution
Personal Data: Tracker
Commercial affiliation
Awin and
Booking.com
Affiliate Partner Programme
Personal Data: Tracker; Usage Data
CJ Affiliate
Personal Data: purchase history; Tracker; Usage Data
Partnerize, Tiqets and TraghettiLines (Prenotazioni 24 s.r.l.)
Contacting the User
Contact form
Personal Data: city; country; county; email address; first name; last name; phone number; physical address; website; ZIP/Postal code
Mailing list or newsletter
Personal Data: city; country; email address; first name; last name; Tracker
WhatsApp
Data transfer outside of the UK
Data transfers according to a UK adequacy regulation and Data transfer abroad based on standard contractual clauses (UK)
Personal Data: various types of Data
Data transfer outside the EU
Data transfer to countries that guarantee European standards and Data transfer abroad based on standard contractual clauses
Personal Data: various types of Data
Displaying content from external platforms
Google Fonts, YouTube video widget, OpenStreetMap widget and Video Vimeo
Personal Data: Tracker; Usage Data
YouTube video widget (Privacy Enhanced Mode)
Personal Data: Tracker; Universally unique identifier (UUID); Usage Data
YouTube Data API
Personal Data: Trackers
Handling payments
PayPal
Personal Data: billing address; email address; first name; last name; payment info; phone number; purchase history; Tracker; Usage Data; various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service
Stripe
Personal Data: email address; first name; last name; payment info; purchase history; Tracker; Usage Data; various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service
Heat mapping and session recording
Crazy Egg
Personal Data: Tracker; Usage Data
Hotjar Heat Maps & Recordings
Personal Data: Tracker; Usage Data; various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service
Microsoft Clarity
Personal Data: Trackers
Hosting and backend infrastructure
Amazon Web Services (AWS)
Personal Data: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service
Interaction with data collection platforms and other third parties
Direct marketing via popups
Personal Data: Email; name; Tracker; various types of Data
Interaction with live chat platforms
Facebook Messenger Customer Chat and Tidio Live Chat widget
Personal Data: Data communicated while using the service; Tracker; Usage Data
Managing contacts and sending messages
Mailchimp
Personal Data: country; Data communicated while using the service; email address; first name; last name; Tracker
Managing support and contact requests
Zendesk
Personal Data: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service
Platform services and hosting
Shopify
Personal Data: billing address; email address; first name; last name; payment info; phone number; Tracker
Registration and authentication
Direct registration and profiling
Personal Data: billing address; budget; country; county; email address; first name; last name; password; phone number; Tracker; Usage Data; User ID; ZIP/Postal code
Registration and authentication provided directly by this Website
Direct registration
Personal Data: city; country; email address; first name; last name; password; phone number
Remarketing and behavioral targeting
Criteo Dynamic Retargeting, Facebook Remarketing, Google Ad Manager Audience Extension, Google Signals, Remarketing with Google Analytics and Google Ads Remarketing
Personal Data: Tracker; Usage Data
Facebook Custom Audience
Personal Data: email address; Tracker
SPAM protection
Google reCAPTCHA
Personal Data: answers to questions; clicks; keypress events; motion sensor events; mouse movements; scroll position; touch events; Tracker; Usage Data
Tag Management
Google Tag Manager
Personal Data: Tracker; Usage Data
Information on opting out of interest-based advertising
In addition to any opt-out feature provided by any of the services listed in this document, Users may learn more on how to generally opt out of interest-based advertising within the dedicated section of the Cookie Policy.
Further information about the processing of Personal Data
Selling goods and services online
The Personal Data collected are used to provide the User with services or to sell goods, including payment and possible delivery.
The Personal Data collected to complete the payment may include the credit card, the bank account used for the transfer, or any other means of payment envisaged. The kind of Data collected by this Website depends on the payment system used.
Pseudonymous use
When registering for this Website, Users have the option to indicate a nickname or pseudonym. In this case, Users' Personal Data shall not be published or made publicly available. Any activity performed by Users on this Website shall appear in connection with the indicated nickname or pseudonym. However, Users acknowledge and accept that their activity on this Website, including content, information or any other material possibly uploaded or shared on a voluntary and intentional basis may directly or indirectly reveal their identity.
Analysis and predictions based on the User’s Data (“profiling”)
The Owner may use the Personal and Usage Data collected through this Website to create or update User profiles. This type of Data processing allows the Owner to evaluate User choices, preferences and behaviour for the purposes outlined in the respective section of this document.
User profiles can also be created through the use of automated tools like algorithms, which can also be provided by third parties. To find out more about the profiling activities performed, Users can check the relevant sections of this document.
The User always has a right to object to this kind of profiling activity. To find out more about the User's rights and how to exercise them, the User is invited to consult the section of this document outlining the rights of the User.
CCPA: Collection of personal information about minors
We do not knowingly collect personal information of consumers who are below the age of 16.
Personal Data collected through sources other than the User
The Owner of this Website may have legitimately collected Personal Data relating to Users without their knowledge by reusing or sourcing them from third parties on the grounds mentioned in the section specifying the legal basis of processing.
Where the Owner has collected Personal Data in such a manner, Users may find specific information regarding the source within the relevant sections of this document or by contacting the Owner.
Rights for registered California Users under the age of 18
California's "Online Eraser" law, part of California's Business and Professions Code Sections 22580-22582, requires operators of certain websites and online services targeting minors to allow registered Users who are under the age of 18 and residents of California to request removal of content they post.
If a registered User fits that description and posted content on this Website, they may request removal of such content by contacting the Owner or its privacy policy coordinator at the contact details provided in this document.
In response to this request, the Owner may make content posted by the registered User invisible to other registered Users and the public (rather than deleting it entirely), in which case the content may remain on the Owner's servers. It may also be publicly available elsewhere if a third party copied and reposted this content.
Transfer of personal information outside of Brazil to countries that guarantee the same protection standards as LGPD
We can transfer your personal information outside of the Brazilian territory, if the destination country, or the international organization which receives the personal information, provides an adequate level of protection of the personal information according to the ANPD.
The ANPD authorizes such transfers whenever it considers that country to possess and provide personal information protection standards comparable to those set forth by the LGPD, having taken into account the following:
the general and sectoral rules of the legislation in force in the country of destination or in the international organization;
the nature of the personal information subject to the transfer;
the compliance with the general principles on the protection of the personal information and on the rights of the individuals as set forth in the LGPD;
the adoption of suitable security measures;
the existence of judicial and institutional guarantees for the respect of personal information protection rights; and
any other pertinent circumstance related to the relevant transfer.
Contact information
Owner and Data Controller
Capri On Line Srl
Via Le Botteghe 10a - 80073 CAPRI (NA) Italy
P.Iva, C.F. e N.Reg. Imprese Napoli: 07018010632
Rea n.557643
Owner contact email:
privacy@caprionline.it
Nav
Tours
Tours
Bestsellers
Boat Tours
Capri boat tours around the island
Blue Grotto Tours
Tours from Sorrento
Tours from Positano
Tours from Naples
Other experiences and activities
Choose your tour
Private tours
Group tours
Amalfi Coast tours
All tours and excursions
Get inspired
A boat just to yourself
A private boat is the best way to enjoy the sea of Capri.
When to visit Capri
Choose the best time to visit Capri and read our suggestions for every time of the year.
Getting here
Getting here
Getting Here
How to get here
Getting around
Ferry and hydrofoil timetables
Bus timetables
Private transfers
Map of Capri
Updated Info and Tips
Rentals
Guide to boat rentals and charters
All boats
Rent a boat with skipper
Rent a boat without skipper
Rent a luxury yacht
Scooter rental
Get inspired
Book a private transfer
You can book an all-inclusive transfer to get directly to your hotel on Capri without stress.
Tours from Sorrento
Browse our selection of tours from Sorrento. It's the easiest and most enjoyable way to visit Capri in one day.
Sights and activities
Sights and activities
Places
Things to Do in Capri
One-day itinerary for Capri
Three-day itinerary for Capri
The Blue Grotto
Sights
Beaches
Hikes and walks
Capri or Anacapri?
Recommendations
Magazine
Shopping
Restaurants
Nightlife
Getting married on Capri
Spas and wellness
Travel services
Recommendations
Get inspired
All boat tours
Browse and book your perfect boat tour, from group tours to private tours, with departures from Sorrento, Positano, Capri, and Naples.
Food tours
Cooking classes and culinary experiences for foodies.
Towns
Towns
Towns on the island
Capri
Anacapri
Marina Grande
All points of interest
Map of Capri
Surrounding area
Amalfi Coast
Sorrento
Naples
Ischia
Procida
Pompeii - Mt. Vesuvius
Magazine
Capri or Positano?
Which one to choose? Guide to the pros and cons.
Capri, Ischia, or Procida?
Each island has its own personality. Choose the one that's perfect for you.
Hotels
Hotels
Where to stay
Recommended hotels and B&Bs
Luxury hotels
Luxury villas
Recommendations
Where to choose your hotel
Capri or Anacapri?
When to visit Capri
Concierge services
Magazine
Book a private transfer
You can book an all-inclusive transfer to get directly to your hotel in Capri without stress.
Three days on Capri
A three-day itinerary to discover Capri in a weekend.
Luxury
Luxury
Luxury inspiration
Only the best for your stay on Capri
Yachts and motor boats
Boat tours
Helicopters
Villas
Hotels
Recommendations
Tours
Gourmet
Bespoke Experiences
Concierge services
Best online stores
Get inspired
Luxury boat tours
Tours on luxury boats around the island of Capri
Capri Beach Clubs
Discover Capri's luxurious beach clubs
Customer service
Other destinations
Other destinations
Amalfi Coast
positano.com
Amalfi Coast
Sorrento
sorrentoinsider.com
Sorrento
Naples
naplesinsider.com
Naples
Ischia
ischiainsider.com
Ischia
Procida
procidainsider.com
Procida
Pompeii - Mt. Vesuvius
visitpompeiivesuvius.com
Pompeii - Mt. Vesuvius
Language