Home
Privacy Policy
Apply Now
Privacy Policy
Online Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Axis Bank Limited (The Bank) recognizes the expectations of its customers with regard to privacy, confidentiality and security of their personal information that resides with the Bank. Keeping personal information of customers secure and
                    using it solely for activities related to the Bank and preventing any misuse thereof is a top priority of the Bank. The Bank has adopted the privacy policy aimed at protecting the personal information entrusted and disclosed by the
                    customers [“the Policy”]. This policy governs the way in which the Bank collects, uses, discloses, stores, secures and disposes of personal information and sensitive personal data or information.
Definitions
”Personal information” means any information that relates to a natural person, which either directly or indirectly, in combination with other information available or likely to be available with the Bank, is capable of identifying
                    such person.
password;
financial information such as Bank account or credit card or debit card or other payment instrument details;
physical, physiological and mental health condition;
sexual orientation;
medical records & history;
biometric information;
any detail relating to the above clauses as provided to body corporate for providing service;
any of the information received under above clauses by body corporate for processing, stored or processed under lawful contract or otherwise.
Provided that, any information that is freely available or accessible in public domain or furnished under the right to information act, 2005 or any other law for the time being in force shall not be regarded as sensitive personal data
                    or information for the purposes of this policy.
Applicability
This Policy is applicable to personal information and sensitive personal data or information collected by the Bank or its affiliates directly from the customer or through the Bank’s online portals, mobile apps and electronic communications
                    as also any information collected by the Bank’s server from the customer’s browser.
Purpose of Collection and Use of Personal Information
The Bank collects and uses the financial information and other personal information from its customers. This information is collected and used for specific business purposes or for other related purposes designated by the Bank or for a
                    lawful purpose to comply with the applicable laws and regulations. The Bank shall not divulge any personal information collected from the customer, for cross selling or any other purposes.
The User authorises Axis Bank to exchange, share, part with all information related to the details and transaction history of the User to its Affiliates / banks / financial institutions / credit bureaus / agencies/participation in any
                    telecommunication or electronic clearing network as may be required by law, customary practice, credit reporting, statistical analysis and credit scoring, verification or risk management or any of the aforesaid purposes and shall not
                    hold Axis Bank liable for use or disclosure of this information. All Information collected shall be used for the relevant lawful purposes connected with various functions or activities of the Bank related to services in which the User
                    is interested, and/or to help determine the eligibility of the User for the product/services requested/ applied/ shown interest in and/or to enable Bank the User verification and/or process applications, requests, transactions and/or
                    maintain records as per internal/legal/regulatory requirements and shall be used to provide the User with the best possible services/products as also to protect interests of Axis Bank.
The authenticity of the personal information provided by the customer shall not be the responsibility of the Bank.
Any information that is freely available or accessible in public domain or furnished under the Right to Information Act, 2005 or any other law for the time being in force shall not be regarded as personal information for the purposes of
                    this Policy and the Bank shall not be responsible for the same.
Disclosure of Personal Information
The personal information collected by the Bank shall not be disclosed to any other organization except:
where the disclosure has been agreed in a written contract or otherwise between the Bank and the customer;
where the Bank is required to disclose the personal information to a third party on a need-to-know basis, provided that in such case the Bank shall inform such third party of the confidential nature of the personal information and
                        shall keep the same standards of information/ data security as that of the Bank.
Reasonable Security Practices and Procedures
The security of personal information is a priority and is protected by maintaining physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that meet applicable laws. The Bank shall take reasonable steps and measures to protect the security of
                    the customer’s personal information from misuse and loss, un-authorized access, modification or disclosure. The Bank maintains its security systems to ensure that the personal information of the customer is appropriately protected
                    and follows the extant standard encryption norms followed for the transmission of information. The Bank ensures that its employees and affiliates respect the confidentiality of any personal information held by the Bank.
Contact Information
In order to address any discrepancies or grievances related to the personal information residing with the Bank, the customer may visit:
https://www.axisbank.com/contact-us/grievance-redressal
Notice of change
The Bank may, from time to time, change this Policy. The effective date of this Policy, as stated below, indicates the last time this Policy was revised or materially changed.
Cookie policy
Axis Bank’s digital platforms use various third party services to promote bank's products and services. These third party services use cookies which are downloaded to your device when you visit a website in order to provide a personalized
                    browsing experience. Cookies are used for lots of tasks like remembering your preferences & settings, provide personalized browsing experience and analyze site operations. These cookies collect information about how users use a
                    website, for instance, how often visited pages. All information collected by third party cookies is aggregated and anonymous. By using our website user/s agree that these types of cookies can be placed on his/her device. User/s is
                    free to disable/delete these cookies by changing his/her device / browser settings. Axis Bank is not responsible for cookies placed in the device of user/s by any other website and information collected thereto.
Last reviewed date
2nd November 2022
Privacy Policy for EU Region
Ask AHA!
Cancel
Accept
At your request, you are being redirected to a third party site. Please read and agree with the disclaimer before proceeding further.
This is to inform you that by clicking on the "Accept" button, you will be accessing a website operated by a third party namely
. Such links are provided only for the convenience of the client and Axis Bank does not control or endorse such websites, and is not responsible for their contents. The use of such websites would be subject to the terms and conditions of usage as stipulated in such websites and would take precedence over the terms and conditions of usage of
www.axisbank.com
in case of conflict between them. Any actions taken or obligations created voluntarily by the person(s) accessing such web sites shall be directly between such person and the owner of such websites and Axis Bank shall not be responsible directly or indirectly for such action so taken. Thank you for visiting
www.axisbank.com
Cancel
Accept
At your request, you are being redirected to a third party site. Please read and agree with the disclaimer before proceeding further.
This is to inform you that by clicking on the hyper-link/ok, you will be accessing a website operated by a third party namely
Such links are provided only for the convenience of the Client and Axis Bank does not control or endorse such websites, and is not responsible for their contents. The use of such websites would be subject to the terms and conditions of usage as stipulated in such websites and would take precedence over the terms and conditions of usage of  www.axisbank.com in case of conflict between them. Any actions taken or obligations created voluntarily by the person(s) accessing such web sites shall be directly between such person and the owner of such websites and Axis Bank shall not be responsible directly or indirectly for such action so taken. Thank you for visiting www.axisbank.com
Cover arranged by Axis Bank for its customers under Digit Illness Group Insurance Policy (UIN GODHLGP20142V011920). Participation to group insurance is voluntary.
Please select one of the below options to proceed
Retail Internet Banking
Corporate Internet Banking
Redirection link
x
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.axisbank.com/online-privacy-policy:
Trending searches
Choose The Product You Are Applying For
I Want To
Hi! I can help you with all your banking needs.
Account
Credit Card
Debit Card
Insurance
Investment
Loan
Pay
Life Stage Solutions
Can't find
what are you looking for?
Home
Online Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Online Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Online Privacy Policy
I. This website
https://www.axisbank.com
(“Website”) and the relevant App is owned and operated by Axis Bank Limited (referred to as “the Bank” and hereinafter
                    also indicated by “us”, “we” or “our”).
The Online Privacy Policy (“Policy“) applies to all visitors, users and others who access or use the Website/App and/or submit any information (hereinafter referred to as “the User” and also indicated by “you”
                    or “your”).Access to and the use of the Website/App and submitting any information is subject to the Policy. You are kindly requested to read the contents of this Policy carefully before making use of the Website/App and
                    submitting any information in any manner whatsoever.
Please note that the use of the Website/App is subject to other conditions, such as Terms & Conditions for Use and Disclaimer available on the Website/App.
The Bank respects the privacy of the User and is committed to take reasonable precautions/safeguard to protect Information consisting of Personal Information including the sensitive personal data and information of the User of our Website/App
                    and comply with all legal, regulatory and/or contractual obligations relating to privacy. This Policy covers the guidelines and procedures required to be followed for collection, processing, storage, usage, access, and disclosure of
                    personal information of the User as required under applicable law/regulations in the normal course of business.
II.
Information covered by this Policy
: This Policy applies to information collected and processed by the Bank including Personal Information. The Bank collects only such data that is required or is essential for provision
                    of services to the User.
The types of personal data processed are as under:
1. Personal Data : For the purpose of this Policy, Personal Information shall mean any information that relates to a natural person, which either directly or indirectly identifiable, having regard to any characteristic, trait, attribute
                    or any other feature of the identity of such natural person, or any combination of such features, or any combination of such features with any other information available or likely to be available with a body corporate, is capable
                    of identifying such person including name, email id, phone number, date of birth, gender etc.
2. Official identification documents such as Permanent Account Number (PAN) to complete Know Your Customer checks
3. Financial information such as bank account/mutual fund/existing loan details to undertake credit checks
4. Your residential and office address details to communicate with you
5. Your existing credit facilities to undertake credit checks
6. We may also collect the information that the User posts in a public space on our Website/App or on a third-party social media site belonging to the bank, the demographic information about the User, or any other information provided
                    by the User during the use of our Website/App. The bank might collect this as a part of a survey also. When you use our Website/App, we may collect information, through "cookies". Please note that any information that is freely available
                    or accessible in public domain shall not be regarded as Personal Information. Users are free to disable/delete these cookies by changing their device’s browser settings. Axis Bank is not responsible for cookies placed in the
                    device of user/s by any other website and information collected thereto.
III.
Usage of information
: The Bank might use the information you provide to contact you for confirmation of your registration on our Website/App or managing our relationships with you, communicating with you, keeping
                    records of those communications and for other promotional purposes such as offering relevant products to you. We intend to share your information except passwords, medical records and history and biometric information with the third
                    parties as identified and listed. The list of such third party entities is available
here
.
 The personal information as aforesaid shared with such third parties will be used to customize your experience with us, which may include displaying content based upon your preferences when you access your accounts with the respective
                    third parties. We may use your information to make our Website/App and products better or for the purposes of enabling publication and administering of our Website/App. We may combine information we get from you with information about
                    you we get from third parties. We may use information to protect our Bank, our customers, or our websites. We might also use the information to send you promotional offers and to tell you about new features or products. The information
                    may be used for the purposes of analyzing the use of the Website/App, enabling, and monitoring your use of our Website/App, operating our Website/App, ensuring the security of our Website/App and for maintaining back-ups of our databases.
                    We will use information as otherwise permitted by law. The User agrees and understands that we or any of our business partners, associates, third party service providers and/or group companies (which includes our subsidiaries) may
                    use the information to contact the User and/or communicate and offer relevant products and services on our website/App or on affiliate platforms
The User authorises Axis Bank to exchange, share, part with all information related to the details and transaction history of the User to its Affiliates / banks / financial institutions / credit bureaus / agencies/participation in any
                    telecommunication or electronic clearing network as may be required by law, customary practice, credit reporting, statistical analysis and credit scoring, verification or risk management or any of the aforesaid purposes and shall not
                    hold Axis Bank liable for use or disclosure of this information. All Information collected shall be used for the relevant lawful purposes connected with various functions or activities of the Bank related to services in which the User
                    is interested, and/or to help determine the eligibility of the User for the product/services requested/ applied/ shown interest in and/or to enable Bank the User verification and/or process applications, requests, transactions and/or
                    maintain records as per internal/legal/regulatory requirements and shall be used to provide the User with the best possible services/products as also to protect interests of Axis Bank.
The Bank is committed to protecting and securing personal data. However, in the unlikely event of a data breach suffered by the Bank, the Bank shall take all requisite, appropriate and reasonable measures to mitigate the damages caused
                    under applicable law. In addition, the Bank shall also intimate the affected Users of the same in such manner and within such time as may be prescribed by applicable laws.
IV.
Amendments
: The Bank reserves the right to update/amend this policy and list of third parties with whom the Bank intends to share the aforesaid information of the User from time to time by publishing a new version
                    on our Website/App. The list of identified third parties available here and will be updated on 5th day of every month. Upon any amendment in the list of identified third parties and/or this Privacy Policy, communication will
                    be sent to the User through SMS to its registered mobile number and an email to its registered email id.
V.
Withdrawal of consent
:In the event the User wants to dissent and/or withdraw his / her consent to process his/her personal information Or provide his/her personal Information with the third parties at any time, May
                    Send An Email On -
email.services@axisbank.com
Using His/Her Registered Email ID. Bank Will Update The Databases At Its End In The Next 90 Days Of Receiving The Customer
                    Request After Doing Required Checks. It is hereby expressly informed that the Bank may continue to retain certain data including personal data to comply with its legal and regulatory obligations. It is further informed that revocation
                    of consent may impact certain services being provided to the User. The Bank shall not be responsible for any loss/harm suffered by the User due to such impact of services.
VI.
Storage of Information
: The Bank shall retain Information for only as long as necessary to meet legal or regulatory requirements or for legitimate business purposes as mentioned in this Policy. The Bank has implemented
                    required security practices and standards in line with the global standards and has a comprehensive information security program and policy in place, which contains managerial, technical, operational, and physical security control
                    measures that commensurate with the information assets being protected with the Bank’s nature of business. It is being reviewed periodically to keep pace with business, technology, and regulatory changes.
The Bank has ensured that all data pertaining to the services provided by the Bank are stored in servers located in India
VII.
Disclosure of Information
: The Bank will not sell or trade the information to any third party. The Bank shall not use or disclose Information for purposes other than as mentioned in this Policy, except with the consent
                    of the User providing such Information or as required by the law. However, the Bank may be legally required to disclose the Information in cases: (a) where the disclosure is necessary for compliance of a legal obligation; (b) where
                    mandated under the law by Government agencies to disclose such Information. Where necessary, the Bank may disclose or transmit Information to its business partners, affiliates, associates, third party service providers and/or group
                    companies (which includes our subsidiaries) during the normal course of business for the purposes of promotional communication, storage or for business communication including promotional offers, new services, technology updates etc.
                    and for such other purposes as required for provision of services as mentioned in this Policy. In such cases, the Bank will only share Information related data when it is assured that: (a) The Information is processed legitimately
                    and appropriately by the business partner, associate, third party service providers and/or group bank in line with the established consent or in line with legal requirements; and/or (b) The business partner, affiliates, associate,
                    third party service providers has adopted a reasonable and equivalent level of security practices and procedures to ensure security of the Information shared. We may also disclose your information to our insurers and/or professional
                    advisers as reasonably necessary for the purposes of obtaining or maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks, obtaining professional advice, or the establishment, exercise, or defense of legal claims, whether in court proceedings
                    or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure.
VIII.
Effective Date
: This Online Privacy Policy was last modified on October 09, 2023
IX.
Grievance
: In case of any complaint or grievance, the User may contact the Customer Care
Representative
,
 the details are provided on the Website/App and the Customer Care Representative shall expeditiously redress the grievances, but within reasonable time as may be provided in applicable laws.
X.
Specific Rights under RBI’s Digital Lending Guidelines
:
a. In case the User wishes the Bank to delete his/her own data, User May Send An Email On -
email.services@axisbank.com
Using His/Her Registered Email ID. Bank Will Update
                    The Databases At Its End In The Next 90 Days Of Receiving The Customer Request After Doing Required Checks.However please note that the Bank may need to retain some data, including personal data to comply with applicable legal and
                    regulatory requirements. The Bank shall endeavor to use such methods/processes to render the maintain confidentiality and privacy throughout the data erasure/destruction process.
b. In case the User wishes to restrict the usage of their data they can refer to Section V. Please note that restriction of usage of data could impact the services provided by the Bank and that the User will be solely liable for any such
                    impact.
c. The User’s information will be stored and retained by the Bank for a minimum of 10 years or as long as necessary to fulfil the stated purpose(s) at the time of collection in compliance with relevant laws and internal policies. Retention may also be needed for combating fraud and meeting contractual commitments, in addition to meeting legal or regulatory obligations. This retention period extends beyond the termination of the business relationship between the customer and the bank or the closure of the account, whichever occurs later. Further, upon any request by User for deletion, Bank will proceed to remove the User’s Personal Information, unless he/she has an ongoing loan or active service with the Bank, or if the retention of their Personal Information is mandated by relevant laws or regulatory obligations.
Ask AHA!
Cancel
Accept
At your request, you are being redirected to a third party site. Please read and agree with the disclaimer before proceeding further.
This is to inform you that by clicking on the "Accept" button, you will be accessing a website operated by a third party namely
. Such links are provided only for the convenience of the client and Axis Bank does not control or endorse such websites, and is not responsible for their contents. The use of such websites would be subject to the terms and conditions of usage as stipulated in such websites and would take precedence over the terms and conditions of usage of
www.axisbank.com
in case of conflict between them. Any actions taken or obligations created voluntarily by the person(s) accessing such web sites shall be directly between such person and the owner of such websites and Axis Bank shall not be responsible directly or indirectly for such action so taken. Thank you for visiting
www.axisbank.com
Cancel
Accept
At your request, you are being redirected to a third party site. Please read and agree with the disclaimer before proceeding further.
This is to inform you that by clicking on the hyper-link/ok, you will be accessing a website operated by a third party namely
Such links are provided only for the convenience of the Client and Axis Bank does not control or endorse such websites, and is not responsible for their contents. The use of such websites would be subject to the terms and conditions of usage as stipulated in such websites and would take precedence over the terms and conditions of usage of  www.axisbank.com in case of conflict between them. Any actions taken or obligations created voluntarily by the person(s) accessing such web sites shall be directly between such person and the owner of such websites and Axis Bank shall not be responsible directly or indirectly for such action so taken. Thank you for visiting www.axisbank.com
Cover arranged by Axis Bank for its customers under Digit Illness Group Insurance Policy (UIN GODHLGP20142V011920). Participation to group insurance is voluntary.
Please select one of the below options to proceed
Retail Internet Banking
Corporate Internet Banking
Redirection link
x
Sub-policy 1
https://www.axisbank.com/privacy-policy-for-eu-region:
Trending searches
Choose The Product You Are Applying For
I Want To
Hi! I can help you with all your banking needs.
Account
Credit Card
Debit Card
Insurance
Investment
Loan
Pay
Life Stage Solutions
Can't find
what are you looking for?
Home
Privacy Policy for EU region
Privacy Policy for EU Region
Privacy Policy for EU Region
1.
 Introduction
a. Axis Bank Limited recognizes the expectations of
                                                    its customers with regard to privacy, confidentiality and security
                                                    of their personal information that resides with the Bank. Keeping
                                                    personal information
                                                    of customers secure, using it solely for activities related to the
                                                    Bank and preventing any misuse of that information are top
                                                    priorities for the Bank.
b. This privacy policy (“Privacy
                                                    Policy”) applies to any processing of your personal data by
                                                    Bank whether in physical or electronic mode and outlines the
                                                    Bank’s approach to data protection
                                                    to fulfill its obligations under the EU General Data Protection
                                                    Regulation 2016/679 ("GDPR") and other applicable data protection
                                                    laws in the United Kingdom. The Privacy Policy governs the way in
                                                    which
                                                    the Bank collects, uses, discloses, stores, secures and disposes of
                                                    personal information and sensitive personal data or information.
                                                    (This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) applies to any
                                                    processing of your personal data by us whether in physical or
                                                    electronic mode and outlines the Bank’s approach to data
                                                    protection to fulfill its obligations under the applicable privacy
                                                    laws of
                                                    the country where our services are being provided . The Privacy
                                                    Policy governs the way in which the Bank collects, uses, discloses,
                                                    stores, secures and disposes of personal information and sensitive
                                                    personal data or information.)
c. In this Privacy Policy “we”,
                                                    “us”, “our”, “ours” or
                                                    “Bank” refers to Axis Bank Limited, which is a company
                                                    within the meaning of the Companies
                                                    Act, 2013 and a banking company having license as such from the
                                                    Reserve Bank of India under the provisions of the Banking Regulation
                                                    Act, 1949, and having its registered office at: Axis Bank Limited,
                                                    ‘Trishul’, 3rd Floor, Opp. Samartheshwar Temple, Near
                                                    Law Garden, Ellisbridge, Ahmedabad - 380 006 and website at
                                                    Axisbank.com.
d. We act as a controller of the personal data you
                                                    provide to us.
We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Policy at any time.
                                                    Our processing of your personal data will be governed by the
                                                    practices set out in that new version of the Privacy Policy from its
                                                    effective date onwards. Any changes we may make to this Privacy
                                                    Policy in the future will be communicated to you by email.
2.
 Collection of Personal Information
The categories of personal data collected are as
                                                    follows:
i. Identity information such as name, date of birth,
                                                    PAN, TIN, GSTIN, Aadhaar number or Aadhaar enrolment number,
                                                    passport details, photograph and voter id.
ii. Contact details such as email address, contact
                                                    number, postal address.
iii. Socio-Demographic details such as nationality,
                                                    marital status, education and qualification.
iv. Social Relationships details such as your
                                                    father’s name, mother’s name, spouse’s name.
v. Occupation/ employment details such as your work,
                                                    profession or occupation and salary or income.
vi. Financial details such as your financial
                                                    statements, tax return documents, credit score, credit/ debit card
                                                    details, passbook, bank account details, etc.
vii. Geographical or location details such as IP
                                                    address, CCTV data, etc.
viii. Device details such as IMEI number, make and
                                                    model of your mobile phone, apps used and contacts.
ix. Behavioral and usage details such as how you use
                                                    certain products and services.
x. Communications details such as communication done
                                                    through letters, emails, live chats, SMS, instant messages,
                                                    conversations between us.
xi. Special categories of personal data such as
                                                    religion, bio-metric data, health related data.
3.
 Sources of personal data
a. Personal data that you provide us by means of
                                                    website/application/visiting our branch, e.g.: When you apply for
                                                    our products and services
i. When you talk to us on the phone or in branch,
                                                    including recorded calls and notes we make
ii. When you use our websites, Net Banking, mobile
                                                    device apps, web chat, products and services
iii. In emails, SMS and letters
iv. In financial reviews and interviews
v. In customer surveys
vi. If you take part in our competitions or
                                                    promotions
vii. As part of contracts including loan, security
                                                    and other relevant documents
b. Personal data we collect when you use our
                                                    services:
i. Payment and transaction data: This includes the
                                                    amount, frequency, type, location, origin &recipients.
ii. If you borrow money, it also includes details of
                                                    repayments and whether they are made on time and in full and of any
                                                    defaults. This may include your data received where we are part of
                                                    any transaction/
                                                    payments/ settlement processing involving you, even in cases where
                                                    we do not interface with you directly
iii. Profile and usage data: This includes the
                                                    security details you create and use to connect to our services. It
                                                    also includes your settings and marketing choices. We also gather
                                                    data from the devices you
                                                    use (such as computers and mobile phones) to connect to our
                                                    internet, mobile and telephone banking services.
iv. We also use cookies to collect data while you
                                                    are using our websites or mobile apps
v. We also use other internet tracking software to
                                                    collect data while you are using our websites or mobile apps
vi. Data from your digital and electronic devices
                                                    (including IP address device type, operating system, screen
                                                    resolution, and the way you interact with us)
vii. Personal data we collect from other sources:
viii. Entities/ persons that introduce you to us
ix. Credit reference agencies/ credit information
                                                    companies/bureaus
x. Social media networks
xi. Other financial services companies
xii. Employers
xiii. Valuation and other service providers
xiv. Public information sources such as the
                                                    Electoral Register or registrar of Companies
xv. Agents, suppliers, sub-contractors, and advisers
xvi. Government and law enforcement agencies as part
                                                    of performance of their duties e.g. garnishee orders
xvii. Third party providers such as public
                                                    databases, joint marketing partners, social media platforms, email
                                                    service providers
xviii. Fraud prevention agencies
xix. Entities where we are a part of a transaction,
                                                    though we may not be directly interfacing with you
4.
 Use of Personal Information
a. The table below sets out the purposes for which
                                                    we use your personal data and our legal basis for doing so. Where we
                                                    indicate that we will rely on your consent, we will provide a
                                                    separate consent document
                                                    for you to consider and to notify us of your consent where you are
                                                    happy to give this. Where we are relying on a legitimate interest,
                                                    these are also set out below:
PURPOSE LEGAL BASIS:
To provide our products and services to you
                                                    including but not limited to your payments processing, account
                                                    management, providing account statements, handle queries and
                                                    complaints, contact you, and establish
                                                    your eligibility for the same including running credit checks run
                                                    business on a day to day basis;
Necessary to perform the agreement we have with you or to take
                                                        steps to enter into an agreement with you
To process your application for credit or financial
                                                    services
Necessary to perform the agreement we have with you or to take
                                                        steps to enter into an agreement with you; and/or
To keep you informed about products and services you
                                                    hold with us and to send you information about products or services
                                                    (including those of other companies) which may be of interest to you
                                                    including making
                                                    personalised offers to you
Where we have your consent. (for email, SMS or telephone
                                                        marketing)
To meet our regulatory and reporting obligations and
                                                    to prevent, detect, investigate and prosecute fraud and alleged
                                                    fraud, money laundering and other crimes
Necessary for the purposes of a Legitimate Interest pursued by
                                                        us.
To share your information with the local government,
                                                    tax authorities, Reserve Bank of India, credit reference agencies,
                                                    credit information companies, databases authorised under law, fraud
                                                    prevention and
                                                    detection agencies, and Indian and overseas regulators and law
                                                    enforcement authorities
Necessary for the purposes of a Legitimate Interest pursued by
                                                        us.
For assessment and analysis (including credit
                                                    scoring), statistical, market and product analysis and market
                                                    research
Where we have your consent.;
To evaluate, develop and improve our services
Necessary for the purposes of a Legitimate Interest pursued by
                                                        us.
To protect our business interests and to develop our
                                                    business strategies including for authenticity, testing, security,
                                                    to protect our business, reputation, resources and equipment, manage
                                                    network and information
                                                    security practices and manage our business for our legitimate
                                                    interest etc,
Necessary for the purposes of a Legitimate Interest pursued by
                                                        us.
To collect any debts owing to us
Necessary to perform the agreement we have with you or to take
                                                        steps to enter into an agreement with you; and/or
For authentication, verification of data and to
                                                    assess and process any application you make, including for detection
                                                    or prevention of fraud, money laundering, checks as to identity,
                                                    sanctions screening,
                                                    regulatory checks
Necessary for the purposes of a Legitimate Interest pursued by
                                                        us.
To run loyalty/ reward programmes you have signed up
                                                    for
Necessary to perform the agreement we have with you or to take
                                                        steps to enter into an agreement with you.
To conduct marketing activities, for example,
                                                    running competitions, promotions and direct marketing (provided that
                                                    you have not objected to us using your details in this way), and
                                                    research, including customer
                                                    surveys, analytics and related activities
Where we have your consent.
To use cookies in accordance with our Cookies policy
Where we have your consent.
To use information you have made public and combine
                                                    with this with the activities outlined above
Where we have your consent.
The processing is necessary for the purposes of a
                                                    legitimate interest pursued by us, such as (“Legitimate
                                                    Interest”)
b.
DIRECT MARKETING
: We may also use your information
                                                    to provide you with details about our products and services, or to
                                                    evaluate, develop or improve our products as well as the experiences
                                                    of
                                                    users of our services. Where permitted, we may send you marketing
                                                    messages by post, email, telephone, SMS, Mobile/Web Push
                                                    Notification, Social Media, automated voice calls, and secure text
                                                    messages
                                                    using external service providers. You can change your options on how
                                                    you receive marketing messages or choose to stop receiving them at
                                                    any time. Where you have requested details and offers about the
                                                    products and services of our business partners or other Axis
                                                    businesses, either from us or directly from them, we will use your
                                                    personal data for these purposes.
5.
 How long do we store Your data
We will keep the personal data we collect about you
                                                    on our systems or with third parties for as long as required for the
                                                    purposes set out above basis our retention policies or even beyond
                                                    the expiry of our
                                                    transactional or account-based relationship with you:
i. as required to comply with any legal and
                                                    regulatory obligations to which we are subject; or
ii. for the establishment, exercise or defense of
                                                    legal claims.
6.
 How do We Protect Your Personal Information
We are committed to protecting your personal data.
                                                    We implement appropriate physical, technical and managerial
                                                    safeguards to protect your personal data from unauthorized access,
                                                    alteration, transmission
                                                    and deletion. In addition to our own servers and systems, we may
                                                    also use servers and systems of third party vendors to store your
                                                    personal data. These entities/ companies provide services to us
                                                    under
                                                    suitable confidentiality agreements.
7. Use of Cookies
                                                    and similar technologies
Axis Bank
                                                        Cookie Policy
8. Disclosure,
                                                    Sharing and Transfer of Personal Information
a. We only share your personal data with the
                                                    following persons and/or in the following circumstances, and only as
                                                    may be necessary:
b. Statutory and regulatory bodies and authorities
                                                    (including central and local government) and law enforcement
                                                    authorities, investigating agencies and entities or persons, to whom
                                                    or before whom it is mandatory
                                                    to disclose the personal data as per the applicable law, courts,
                                                    judicial and quasi-judicial authorities and tribunals, arbitrators
                                                    and arbitration tribunals.
c. Processors and service providers of the Bank,
                                                    engaged for its various activities and services including postal
                                                    services and couriers and cloud service providers.
d. Credit information companies, identity and
                                                    address verification organizations who may record and use your
                                                    information and disclose it to other lenders, financial services
                                                    organizations and insurers. Your
                                                    information may be used by those third parties to make assessments
                                                    in relation to your creditworthiness.
e. Other banks and financial institutions where
                                                    required in terms of contract or legal requirements including
                                                    financial institutions, lenders and holders of security over any
                                                    property you charge to us.
f. Transferees and assignees and potential
                                                    transferees and assignees of the Bank.
g. Any other person or organization after a
                                                    restructure, sale or acquisition, as long as that person uses your
                                                    information for the same purposes as it was originally given to us
                                                    or used by us or both.
h. The Bank’s affiliates and group entities,
                                                    sub-contractors, agents or service providers who work for us or
                                                    provide services to us or other group companies (including their
                                                    employees, sub-contractors,
                                                    service providers, directors and officers).
i. Any joint account holders, trustees,
                                                    beneficiaries or executors.
j. Anyone who provides instructions or operates any
                                                    of your accounts on your behalf, e.g. Power of Attorney, solicitors,
                                                    intermediaries, etc.
k. Third parties we need to share your personal data
                                                    with, in order to facilitate payments you have requested (for
                                                    example, SWIFT, credit card issuers and merchant banks) and those
                                                    you ask us to
                                                    share your personal data with.
l. We may transfer your personal data both within
                                                    the Bank and to other parties who may be based in countries outside
                                                    your residential country and outside the EEA, for any of the
                                                    purposes described
                                                    in this Privacy Policy. These countries include India, [?].
m. These countries may have differing (and
                                                    potentially less stringent) laws relating to the degree of
                                                    protection afforded to personal data. If we transfer your
                                                    information outside the EEA to a jurisdiction
                                                    that is not considered to provide adequate protection for personal
                                                    data by the European Commission, we will put in place appropriate
                                                    safeguards to ensure that your information remains adequately
                                                    protected. You can request information on the specific safeguards we
                                                    use by reaching out to us at the details provided in the
                                                    ‘Contact Us’ section of this notice.
Right to object - You shall have the right to object, on grounds
                                                        relating to your particular situation, at any time to processing
                                                        of personal data concerning you which processing is based on
                                                        necessity for the purposes of legitimate interests pursued by us
                                                        or third party, including profiling. Upon such exercise of your
                                                        right, we shall no longer process the personal data unless
                                                        we demonstrate legitimate grounds: (a) for the processing which
                                                        override your rights or (b) for the establishment, exercise or
                                                        defence of legal claims.
Right to withdraw consent - Where the processing is based on
                                                        your consent you have a right to withdraw your consent at any
                                                        time, without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on
                                                        consent
                                                        before such withdrawal. Consequences of withdrawal will be
                                                        communicated to you on contacting us and on your agreement, your
                                                        request for withdrawal will be processed.
Additionally, under the provisions of the GDPR, you also have
                                                        the right to request from the controller, the access to,
                                                        rectification and erasure of your personal data, right to
                                                        restriction of
                                                        processing concerning your personal data, a right to receive a
                                                        machine-readable copy of your personal data, and a right to
                                                        lodge a complaint with a data protection Supervisory Authority.
For exercising your rights and getting information about any
                                                        limitations which apply to them, you can reach out to us using
                                                        the contact details provided in the ‘Contact Us’
                                                        section
                                                        of this notice.
AUTOMATED DECISION MAKING
You have the right under the GDPR to object to a
                                                    decision being made about you by automated means, including the use
                                                    of profiling. We may use automated decision-making processes in the
                                                    following
                                                    ways:
Credit checks: If you apply to us for a product, your
                                                        application may be processed by an automated decision-making
                                                        process which may carry out credit and affordability assessment
                                                        checks to determine
                                                        whether your application will be accepted. Where these automated
                                                        processes suggest that your application should be rejected, we
                                                        may manually review your application before making a final
                                                        decision.
Credit limits: We may also use automated processes to decide
                                                        credit limits.
Anti-money laundering and sanctions checks: We may also carry
                                                        out automated anti-money laundering and sanctions checks. This
                                                        means that we may automatically decide that you pose a fraud or
                                                        money
                                                        laundering risk if the processing reveals your behavior to be
                                                        consistent with that of known fraudsters or money launderers, is
                                                        inconsistent with your previous submissions, or you appear to
                                                        have deliberately hidden your true identity. If we, or a fraud
                                                        prevention agency, determine that you pose a fraud or money
                                                        laundering risk: (i) we may refuse to provide the services you
                                                        have
                                                        requested, or we may stop providing existing services to you;
                                                        and (ii) a record of any fraud or money laundering risk will be
                                                        retained by the fraud prevention agencies, and may result in
                                                        others refusing to provide services or employment to you.
If you want to know more about our automated
                                                    decision making processes, please contact us using the details
                                                    provided in the ‘Contact Us’ section of this notice.
9. Contact Us
For any further queries and complaints related to
                                                    privacy, or exercising your rights under GDPR, you can reach us at
                                                    our email address:
privacy.support@axisbank.com
Ask AHA!
Cancel
Accept
At your request, you are being redirected to a third party site. Please read and agree with the disclaimer before proceeding further.
This is to inform you that by clicking on the "Accept" button, you will be accessing a website operated by a third party namely
. Such links are provided only for the convenience of the client and Axis Bank does not control or endorse such websites, and is not responsible for their contents. The use of such websites would be subject to the terms and conditions of usage as stipulated in such websites and would take precedence over the terms and conditions of usage of
www.axisbank.com
in case of conflict between them. Any actions taken or obligations created voluntarily by the person(s) accessing such web sites shall be directly between such person and the owner of such websites and Axis Bank shall not be responsible directly or indirectly for such action so taken. Thank you for visiting
www.axisbank.com
Cancel
Accept
At your request, you are being redirected to a third party site. Please read and agree with the disclaimer before proceeding further.
This is to inform you that by clicking on the hyper-link/ok, you will be accessing a website operated by a third party namely
Such links are provided only for the convenience of the Client and Axis Bank does not control or endorse such websites, and is not responsible for their contents. The use of such websites would be subject to the terms and conditions of usage as stipulated in such websites and would take precedence over the terms and conditions of usage of  www.axisbank.com in case of conflict between them. Any actions taken or obligations created voluntarily by the person(s) accessing such web sites shall be directly between such person and the owner of such websites and Axis Bank shall not be responsible directly or indirectly for such action so taken. Thank you for visiting www.axisbank.com
Cover arranged by Axis Bank for its customers under Digit Illness Group Insurance Policy (UIN GODHLGP20142V011920). Participation to group insurance is voluntary.
Please select one of the below options to proceed
Retail Internet Banking
Corporate Internet Banking
Redirection link
x