Contact :
techmaxapp@techmaxapp.com
PLEASE NOTE THAT THIS PRIVACY POLICY APPLIES ONLY TO THOSE USERS OF THE SERVICES WHO ARE AGE 13 AND OLDER. SPECIAL PROCEDURES ARE USED WHEN COLLECTING INFORMATION FROM USERS UNDER THE AGE OF 13, WHICH ARE DISCUSSED IN THE “POLICIES REGARDING CHILDREN UNDER THE AGE OF 13”SECTION BELOW.
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by TechmaxApp.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site, place an order, subscribe to the newsletter, respond to a survey, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Our App may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:

- To improve customer service
Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
- To personalize user experience
We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
- To improve our Site
We may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.
- To process payments
We may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
- To send periodic emails
We may use the email address to send User information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, they may do so by contacting us via our Site.
Changes to this privacy policy
TechmaxApphas the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will post a notification on the main page of our Site, revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using the App, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our App. 
Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:

http://techmaxapp@techmaxapp.com
Here is a Summary of Term of Use for jima callerId:
You understand that the junk call database is a crowdsource database, which does not gurantee to contains all spam call number.
You take your own risk in using the data in our database.
For auto subscription for fully workable, you need to open the APP and put it background.
Auto Renewable Subscription: - Junk Call Database Auto Update Service
[ Title ]: Monthly Auto Update Subscription OR Half Year Auto Update Subscription
[ Length of subscription ]: Monthly OR Every half year
[ Function ]: Unlimited auto background update the junkcall database. Maintain the Jima APP block and identity junk calls always up to date, and app becomes ads free
[ Price ]: HKD8 per month OR HK38 per half year
[ DB updates ]: new database delivers almost every everyday, during subscription period, it would provide auto update functionality for every updates.
- Payment will be charged to iTunes Account at confirmation of purchase
- Subscription automatically renews unless auto-renew is turned off at least 24-hours before the end of the current period
- Account will be charged for renewal within 24-hours prior to the end of the current period, and identify the cost of the renewal
- Subscriptions may be managed by the user and auto-renewal may be turned off by going to the user's Account Settings after purchase
- No cancellation of the current subscription is allowed during active subscription period
- Any unused portion of a free trial period, if offered, will be forfeited when the user purchases a subscription to that publication.
請注意，本隱私政策僅適用於誰是年齡13歲以上的服務的用戶。在收集信息從未滿13歲的用戶，這都是在“政策就根據13歲以上兒童的”節將討論特別程序的使用。
隱私政策
本隱私政策適用於本網站和TechmaxApp提供的所有產品和服務。
個人身份信息
我們可以從各種不同的方式，其中包括，但不限於，當用戶訪問我們的網站，在網站上註冊，下訂單，訂閱電子報，一項調查作出回應，填寫表單的用戶收集個人識別信息，並與其他活動，服務，功能或資源方面，我們提出可在我們的網站。用戶可能會要求酌情姓名，電子郵件地址，郵寄地址，電話號碼，信用卡信息。我們會從用戶收集個人識別信息，只有當他們自願提交這些資料給我們。用戶總是可以拒絕提供個人識別信息，但它可能會阻止他們從事某些網站的相關活動。

非個人識別信息
每當他們與我們的網站互動時，我們可能會收集有關用戶的非個人身份信息。非個人身份信息可能包括瀏覽器的名稱，計算機的類型和有關連接到我們的網站，如操作系統和互聯網服務供應商利用以及其他類似信息的用戶的手段的技術信息。

我們的應用程序可以收集和使用用戶個人信息用於以下用途： - 改善您提供客戶服務的信息可以幫助我們給您的客戶服務請求響應和支持，需要更有效。 - 要個性化的用戶體驗，我們可能會使用一些必要的資訊，以了解我們的用戶作為一個群體如何使用提供本網站的服務和資源。 - 改進我們的網站，我們可能會使用反饋您提供，以改善我們的產品和服務。 - 處理付款，我們可能使用這些信息用戶訂貨只提供服務，該命令時，提供有關他們自己。我們不與外界除了需要提供服務的範圍內分享這些信息。 - 要定期發送電子郵件，我們可以使用的電子郵件地址來發送用戶信息和有關它們的順序更新。它也可以用於他們的查詢，問題和/或其他請求。如果用戶決定選擇加入我們的郵件列表，他們將收到電子郵件，其中可能包括公司新聞，更新，相關產品或服務的信息等。如果在任何時候用戶希望接收以後的電子郵件退訂，他們可以這樣做所以透過我們的網站與我們聯繫。
更改本隱私政策
TechmaxApphas酌情決定隨時更新本隱私政策。當我們這樣做，我們將在我們的網站的主頁上的通知，修訂更新日期在本頁面的底部。我們鼓勵用戶經常瀏覽此網頁查閱任何修改，以便隨時了解我們如何幫助保護所收集的個人信息。您承認並同意，您有責任定期查看本隱私政策，並知悉修改。
您接受這些條款
通過使用應用程序，即表示您接受本政策。如果您不同意本政策，請不要使用我們的應用程序。如果您繼續使用下列更改此政策的張貼本網站將被視為您接受這些變更。
聯繫我們
如果您對本隱私政策，本網站的行為，或與此網站的交易有任何疑問，請與我們聯繫： http://techmaxapp @ techmaxapp.com