Privacy Policy
Shia Toolkit
is a free app.
This policy is used to inform users regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation with this policy. The Personal Information that we collect are used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience while using our Service, We may require you to provide us with certain permissions, including but not limited to location, file storage etc. The information that We request is retained on your device and is not collected by us in any way will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.

The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Location Data
We want to inform you that we ask for location service to provide you the prayer timings and Hijri date as per your geographical location. We do not use the location data from any other purpose.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
This Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal identifiable information from children under 13. In the case We discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, We immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that We will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately, after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us via this email
shiatoolkit@gmail.com
Muhammed Raza Merchant
Developer of Shia Toolkit App