Privacy Policy of Game Shovel LLC
Game Shovel LLC operates the http://www.gameshovel.com website, which provides
  the SERVICE.
This page is used to inform website visitors regarding our policies with the
  collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to
  use our Service, the Game Shovel Website website.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of
  information in relation with this policy. The Personal Information that we
  collect are used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or
  share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
  Our Privacy Policy was created with the help of the
Privacy Policy Template Generator
.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms
  and Conditions, which is accessible at http://www.gameshovel.com, unless
  otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience while using our Service, we may require you to provide
  us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited
  to your name, phone number, and postal address. The information that we
  collect will be used to contact or identify you.
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you visit our Service, we collect
  information that your browser sends to us that is called Log Data. This Log
  Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol ("IP")
  address, browser version, pages of our Service that you visit, the time and
  date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data that is commonly used an anonymous
  unique identifier. These are sent to your browser from the website that you
  visit and are stored on your computer’s hard drive.
Our website uses these "cookies" to collection information and to improve our
  Service. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies, and
  know when a cookie is being sent to your computer. If you choose to refuse our
  cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
For more general information on cookies, please read
"Cookies" article from the Privacy Policy Generator
.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following
  reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform our Service users that these third parties have access to
  your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them
  on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the
  information for any other purpose.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are
  striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember
  that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic
  storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute
  security.
Links to Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party
  link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are
  not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy
  Policy of these websites. We have no control over, and assume no
  responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any
  third-party sites or services.
Children's Privacy
Our Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly
  collect personal identifiable information from children under 13. In the case
  we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information,
  we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian
  and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information,
  please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, we advise you to
  review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any
  changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are
  effective immediately, after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not
  hesitate to contact us.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.privacypolicytemplate.net/:
Generate Privacy Policy
Where will your Privacy Policy be used?
Click all that apply
Website
Privacy Policy for Website
App
Privacy Policy for App
Continue & Generate Privacy Policy
You will be redirected to our trusted partner website
to generate the Free Privacy Policy.
Privacy Policy Template Generator
Practically every single website worth anything out there has a Privacy Policy page that it can turn to whenever issues about privacy come up with users. That's why you really need to have a privacy policy, but it's not exactly that easy to make one, not if you really want to cover all of your bases. This is why you may want to look into the matter of
privacy policy template generator
(like ours here!) since it comes with quite a few benefits.
A privacy policy
is a legal document that details how a website gathers, stores, shares, and sells data about its visitors. This data typically includes items such as a user's name, address, birthday, marital status, medical history, and consumer behavior.
The specific contents of a privacy policy document depend upon the laws in the legal jurisdiction in which your business operates. Most countries have their own set of guidelines regarding what information is eligible for collection, and how that information may be used. Privacy laws include GDPR, CCPA, CalOPPA, PIPEDA, Australia Privacy Act and many more.
When it comes to legal documents, it is best not to take chances. Fortunately,
it's easy to get a free privacy policy in just a few minutes.
All you have to do is fill up the blank spaces on the right and we will create help you create
your own personalized privacy policy template for your business.
The accuracy of the generated document on this website is not legally binding. Use at your own risk.
Looking for a Terms and Conditions Template?
Check out
Terms and Conditions Generator
.
Questions & Answers about Privacy Policies
Is A Privacy Policy Necessary?
In a word, absolutely. A privacy policy isn't just about telling your users what they can expected from your website, products, and services. It's about protecting you against potential liabilities that could arise from those aspects. It doesn't even have to be the users that go after you but also government agencies since they can be real sticklers for details.
More than the actual consequences of not having a privacy policy, it also helps to legitimize your website's authority if you have one. It just comes parts and parcel with having a successful online business.
What's A Privacy Policy Template?
For the most part, a privacy policy template is just what it sounds like. It's a template that was already made by somebody else and that you can use for your own website if you wanted to. This is incredibly helpful because creating a privacy policy from scratch can be a troublesome affair if you have no legal training. You would have to commission the help of a lawyer in order to do it right.
If your website is aiming for legitimacy, you definitely don't want to take this issue lightly. You can easily get in trouble with your customers and with the law if you don't have a privacy policy or if you have a bad one.
How Can I Use A Privacy Policy?
Usually, privacy policy templates are pretty straightforward. You can get one from a reputable source, copy the template and then paste it on your privacy page. Many of the relevant details will either be left blank or will need to be replaced. Either way, you need to be careful about the information that you put in the page.
You want to focus on company name or website name, the name of the site owner, company CEO, or web manager, and a few important details about purchases, service charges, and so on. Other than a few tweaks, a good template won't require much from you.
Preview Your Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy of
Company Name
Company Name
operates the
Website Name
website, which provides the SERVICE.
This page is used to inform website visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service, the
Website Name
website.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation with this policy. The Personal Information that we collect are used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at
Website URL
, unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to your name, phone number, and postal address. The information that we collect will be used to contact or identify you.
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you visit our Service, we collect information that your browser sends to us that is called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser version, pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data that is commonly used an anonymous unique identifier. These are sent to your browser from the website that you visit and are stored on your computer's hard drive.
Our website uses these “cookies” to collection information and to improve our Service. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies, and know when a cookie is being sent to your computer. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform our Service users that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children's Privacy
Our Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, we advise you to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately, after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.
Sub-policy 1
https://www.generateprivacypolicy.com/#cookies:
Generate Your Privacy Policy
Blog
Sample Privacy Policy Template
Sample Terms & Conditions Template
App Privacy Policy Template
What Is a Privacy Policy (Meaning)
Privacy Policy Is Required By law
Where to Place Your Privacy Policy Link
SaaS Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy for Landing Page
SaaS Legal Requirements
GDPR
Privacy Policy
Generator
Every website & app needs a Privacy Policy.
Start Generating Your Privacy Policy
Generate Privacy Policy
Where will your Privacy Policy be used?
Click all that apply
Website
Privacy Policy for Website
App
Privacy Policy for App
Continue & Generate Privacy Policy
You will be redirected to our trusted partner website
to generate the Free Privacy Policy.
About Our Privacy Policy Generator
Privacy Policies are not only a useful legal document to have on every website or app,
Privacy Policies are legally required.
Most privacy laws around the world, such as GDPR in the EU, CalOPPA and the new CCPA from USA, Privacy Act in Australia and many others require websites and apps to have a privacy notice. This "privacy notice" is also known as a Privacy Policy.
You need a Privacy Policy whenever you collect personal data from users. Even if you don't collect information from users directly, such as a through a contact form, you may still be legally required to have a Privacy Policy because your website or app uses third-party libraries that may collect user data.
You need a Privacy Policy if you ask personal data from users through forms (email address, name)
You need a Privacy Policy if you use tools from Google, such as Google Analytics or Google AdWords.
You need a Privacy Policy if you analytics tools, such as Mixpanel, Matomo (Piwik), Simple Analytics.
You need a Privacy Policy if send promotional emails to users (either through your own server or through MailChimp or similar tools).
You need a Privacy Policy if you set up and manage remarketing/retargeting campaigns through Google Tag Manager, Facebook Pixel and similar tools.
In the end, many situations may require you to have a Privacy Policy.
The accuracy of the generated privacy policy is not legally binding. Use at your own risk.
Every Privacy Policy should include information about Cookies
Privacy Policies should include information regarding a website's use of cookies.
It's also useful to include instructions for website visitors how to delete cookies from their own web browsers.
How to Delete Cookies
Here are the steps for deleting cookies from modern web browsers.
How to delete cookies on Google Chrome (Windows)
Open the menu from the top right (three dots)
Click Settings
Click Privacy and security
Click Clear browsing data
Select either Basic or Advanced
Click Clear data
How to delete cookies on Edge (Windows)
Open the Menu (three dots)
Click Settings
Click Privacy and services
Click Choose what to clear at the Clear browsing data
Make your selection
Click Clear now
How to delete cookies on Mozilla Firefox (Windows)
Click the Menu (three lines)
Click Options
Click Privacy & Security
Go to the Cookies and Site Data section
Click Clear Data
How to delete cookies on Opera (Windows)
Click Settings
Click Advanced
Click Privacy & security
Click Clear browsing data
Click Clear data after selecting either Basic or Advanced
Privacy Policy Preview
Privacy Policy for
Company Name
At
Website Name
, accessible at
Website.com
, one of our main priorities is the privacy of our visitors. This Privacy Policy document contains types of information that is collected and recorded by
Website Name
and how we use it.
If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us through email at
Email@Website.com
Log Files
Website Name
follows a standard procedure of using log files. These files log visitors when they visit websites. All hosting companies do this and a part of hosting services' analytics. The information collected by log files include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date and time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks. These are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable. The purpose of the information is for analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users' movement on the website, and gathering demographic information.
Cookies and Web Beacons
Like any other website,
Website Name
uses ‘cookies'. These cookies are used to store information including visitors' preferences, and the pages on the website that the visitor accessed or visited. The information is used to optimize the users' experience by customizing our web page content based on visitors' browser type and/or other information.
DoubleClick DART Cookie
Google is one of a third-party vendor on our site. It also uses cookies, known as DART cookies, to serve ads to our site visitors based upon their visit to www.website.com and other sites on the internet. However, visitors may choose to decline the use of DART cookies by visiting the Google ad and content network Privacy Policy at the following URL –
https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads
.
Some of advertisers on our site may use cookies and web beacons. Our advertising partners are listed below. Each of our advertising partners has their own Privacy Policy for their policies on user data. For easier access, we hyperlinked to their Privacy Policies below.
Google
https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads
Privacy Policies
You may consult this list to find the Privacy Policy for each of the advertising partners of
Website Name
.
Third-party ad servers or ad networks uses technologies like cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons that are used in their respective advertisements and links that appear on
Website Name
, which are sent directly to users' browser. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. These technologies are used to measure the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns and/or to personalize the advertising content that you see on websites that you visit.
Note that
Website Name
has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
Third Part Privacy Policies
Website Name
's Privacy Policy does not apply to other advertisers or websites. Thus, we are advising you to consult the respective Privacy Policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information. It may include their practices and instructions about how to opt-out of certain options. You may find a complete list of these Privacy Policies and their links here: Privacy Policy Links.
You can choose to disable cookies through your individual browser options. To know more detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers, it can be found at the browsers' respective websites. What Are Cookies?
Children's Information
Another part of our priority is adding protection for children while using the internet. We encourage parents and guardians to observe, participate in, and/or monitor and guide their online activity.
Website Name
does not knowingly collect any Personal Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13. If you think that your child provided this kind of information on our website, we strongly encourage you to contact us immediately and we will do our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This privacy policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to our website with regards to the information that they shared and/or collect in
Website Name
. This policy is not applicable to any information collected offline or via channels other than this website.
Consent
By using our website, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its Terms and Conditions.
Our Generators
Privacy Policy Generator
Every website needs a Privacy Policy to comply with the GDPR, CCPA and CalOPPA laws.
Visit Privacy Policy Generator
Terms & Conditions Generator
Every website needs a Terms & Conditions agreement to protect the business and its intellectual property.
Visit Terms & Conditions Generator
Disclaimer Generator
Every website needs a Disclaimer for external links, user-generated content, fitness information and more.
Visit Disclaimer Generator