___
We understand that your personal information is important to you and we
manage it with great care.
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: 16 October 2024.
Review Privacy Policy changes
Download a copy of our Privacy Policy
This policy explains how we collect, use and share your personal information and how we keep it safe. We hope you find it transparent and easy to understand. In this policy, “we” means Spark New Zealand Limited and our related group of companies.
We may update this policy to reflect changes to how we manage your information. We will update this policy in advance of such changes. If the changes are significant, we will take extra steps to make you aware of them, such as communicating with you directly.
Who this policy applies to
Customers:
This policy applies to you if you’re a customer of Spark. It also applies to anyone who uses our products and services under your account or anyone who interacts with us using your account.
This includes the use of Spark mobile, broadband, landline and digital platforms.
We rely on you to ensure all users under your account understand and consent to this policy.
Non-customers:
This policy applies to you, even if you’re not a Spark customer, if you:
use Spark products or services under another person’s Spark account (e.g. your employer or a family member)
are an authority on another person’s Spark account
interact with us, including in person or online
take part in a Spark survey, enter a competition or use the promotional area at Spark Arena
Other privacy policies
Some products and services that we supply or that are associated with Spark have their own privacy policies, such as:
Bigpipe
Skinny
Qrious
Where a product or service we supply to you has its own privacy policy, that privacy policy will apply to your use of that product or service.  Similarly, products and services provided by our business partners may have their own privacy policies, such as Netflix and Spotify. Their policies will apply to your use of their services along with this policy.
Our promise to you
Being a digital service provider in today’s world comes with special responsibilities. We are committed to being a provider you can trust.
We promise to:
Comply with the
Privacy Act 2020
and the
Telecommunications Information Privacy Code 2020
Take steps to keep your personal information safe and secure.
Never share the content of your communications (for example: calls, texts, emails) with third parties unless you have agreed we can, we legally have to (e.g. if we receive a court order) or where we reasonably believe we need to in order to help prevent or detect fraud, or to prevent or lessen a serious threat to public health, public safety, or the life or health of any person.
Treat your location information with sensitivity and give you options about collection, use and disclosure of this information where practicable.
Provide you with some options to control how we use your personal information.
View your privacy: your choices and rights
Personal information we collect
The personal information we collect depends on how you use our products and services and our relationship with you.
Learn more
How we collect your personal information
We collect your information in three ways, you give it to us, it is created by us or by a technological process or we obtain it from others.
Learn more
How we use your personal information
We only use your personal information in connection with the original purpose for which it was collected, for a directly related purpose, or for another purpose which is lawfully authorised.
Learn more
How we share your personal information
We only share your personal information in connection with the original purpose for which it was collected, for a directly related purpose, with your consent, or for another lawful purpose.
Learn more
How we store, manage and protect your personal information
We usually only keep your personal information for as long as it’s needed in connection with its original purpose. After that, we delete it or anonymise it.
Learn more
Your privacy: your choices & rights
Find out how you can access and update or correct your personal information and make choices about your privacy through preference settings in our apps or on your device.
Learn more
Chat with us
Message in Spark app
Phone numbers
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.spark.co.nz/help/other/terms/policies/privacy-policy/privacy-policy-changes/:
You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Sub-policy 1
https://www.spark.co.nz/content/dam/spark/documents/pdfs/digital-trust/spark-privacy-policy-november-2023.pdf:

Sub-policy 2
https://www.privacy.org.nz/privacy-act-2020/privacy-principles/:
Our website uses cookies so we can
analyse our site usage and
give you the best experience. Click "Accept" if you’re happy with this, or click "More" for information about cookies on our site, how to opt out, and how to disable cookies altogether.
More
Accept ×
We respect your Do Not Track preference.
Close ×
Home
/
Privacy Act 2020
/
Privacy Act 2020 and the Privacy Principles
Privacy Act 2020
The Privacy Act 2020
governs how organisations and businesses can collect, store, use and share your information.
See a quick tour of the Privacy Principles as a PDF
.
It ensures that:
you know when your information is being collected
your information is used and shared appropriately
your information is kept safe and secure
you can get access to your information
There are also
Privacy Codes of Practice
that have privacy rules for personal information in specific areas, such as health, telecommunications, and credit reporting.
Visit
Your Rights
to learn more about your privacy rights under the Act. If you collect personal information, visit
Your Responsibilities
to learn about your obligations when collecting, storing and sharing this information.
The Privacy Act 2020 came into force on 1 December 2020, replacing the Privacy Act 1993.
Visit our comparison table
for a section-by-section comparison of the old and new Privacy Acts. You can find a summary of changes
here.
The Privacy Act has 13 privacy principles that govern how businesses and organisations should collect, handle and use personal information. You can download a summary
here
.
The links below explore each of the privacy principles in more detail. We also have case notes that show real-life examples of how the principles have been applied.
Principle 1   - Purpose for collection
Principle 2   - Source of information - collection from the individual
Principle 3   - What to tell the individual about collection
Principle 4   - Manner of collection
Principle 5   - Storage and security of information
Principle 6   - Providing people access to their information
Principle 7   - Correction of personal information
Principle 8   - Ensure accuracy before using information
Principle 9   - Limits on retention of personal information
Principle 10 - Use of personal information
Principle 11 - Disclosing personal information
Principle 12 - Disclosure outside New Zealand
Principle 13 - Unique identifiers
Privacy Act 2020
Privacy Act 2020 and the Privacy Principles
Principle 1 - Purpose for collection of personal information
Principle 2 - Source of personal information - collect it from the individual
Principle 3 - Collection of information from subject - what to tell the individual
Principle 4 - Manner of collection
Principle 5 - Storage and security of information
Principle 6 - Access to personal information
Principle 7 - Correction of personal information
Principle 8 - Accuracy of personal information
Principle 9 - Retention of personal information
Principle 10 - Limits on use of personal information
Principle 11 - Disclosure of personal information
Principle 12 - Disclosure outside New Zealand
Principle 13 - Unique identifiers
Codes of practice
Information sharing involving government agencies
Privacy is precious campaign
Resources
Sub-policy 3
https://www.privacy.org.nz/privacy-act-2020/codes-of-practice/tipc2020/:
Our website uses cookies so we can
analyse our site usage and
give you the best experience. Click "Accept" if you’re happy with this, or click "More" for information about cookies on our site, how to opt out, and how to disable cookies altogether.
More
Accept ×
We respect your Do Not Track preference.
Close ×
Home
/
Privacy Act 2020
/
Codes of practice
/
Telecommunications Information Privacy Code 2020
Privacy Act 2020
About the code
The Telecommunications Information Privacy Code (TIPC) 2020 applies specific rules to telecommunications agencies to better ensure the protection of individual privacy. It addresses the telecommunications information collected, held, used, and disclosed by telecommunications agencies.
Read the full code
Telecommunications Information Privacy Code 2020
Supporting information
Information paper on changes to the TIPC 2020
Review of Schedule 4 of the TIPC 2020
Previous versions (now revoked)
2003
Telecommunications Information Privacy Code
(PDF)
Information paper on changes to notified Code
.
TIPC Amendment No. 1
(Temporary) (Issued 25 September 2003; came into force on 1 November 2003 and expired on 31 October 2004).
TIPC Amendment No. 2
(Temporary) (Issued 8 October 2003; came into force on 1 November 2003 and expired on 24 September 2004).
2004
TIPC Amendment No. 3
(Issued 3 June 2004; came into force on 1 August 2004).
Information paper
2015
TIPC Amendment No. 4
(Issued 9 September 2015; came into force on 15 October 2015).
Information paper
2017
TIPC Amendment No. 5
(Issued 26 January 2017; came into force on 2 March 2017).
Information paper on the effect of the amendment
Background paper on changes to the notified amendment
Privacy Commissioner’s proposed code amendment will speed emergency responses
(media release 25 November 2016)
Privacy Commissioner updates code of practice to allow faster emergency response
(media release 31 January 2017)
Information paper on submission process
(including Q&A)
Submissions.
TIPC Amendment No.
6 (Issued 25 August 2017; came into force on 28 September 2017).
Information paper on the effect of the amendment
2020
TIPC Amendment No. 7
(Issued 8 April 2020; came into force on 7 May 2020).
Information paper on the effect of the amendment
Background paper on changes to the notified amendment
Code update to allow emergency services better access to location information
(media release 9 April 2020)
Information paper on proposed TIPC Amendment No. 7
– Emergency location information service
Privacy Commissioner seeks public input on allowing emergency services to access location information
(media release 29 January 2020).
Submissions - On 29 July 2020 the Privacy Commissioner publicly notified his intention to repeal and replace the Telecommunications Information Privacy Code 2003 and invited public submissions.
Spark
Police
TCF
NZSIS
Consolidated version of the TIPC 2003 incorporating amendments 3-7 (as at 7 May 2020)
.
Privacy Act 2020
Privacy Act 2020 and the Privacy Principles
Codes of practice
Civil Defence National Emergencies (Information Sharing) Code 2020
Credit Reporting Privacy Code 2020
Health Information Privacy Code 2020
Justice Sector Unique Identifier Code 2020
Superannuation Schemes Unique Identifier Code 2020
Telecommunications Information Privacy Code 2020
Information sharing involving government agencies
Privacy is precious campaign
Resources
Sub-policy 4
https://www.spark.co.nz/help/other/terms/policies/privacy-policy/your-privacy-your-rights-and-choices/:
