Privacy Policy
EShare built the EShare app as a free app. This SERVICE is provided by EShare and is intended
    for use as is.
This page is used to inform users regarding our policies with the collection, use, and
    disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in
    relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect are used for providing and
    improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described
    in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions,
   unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain
    personally identifiable information, including but not limited to picture, audio.
	The information that we request is retained on your device and is not
    collected by us in any way.
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in case of an error in the app we collect
    data and information on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data
    may include information such as your devices's Internet Protocol ("IP") address, device name,
    operating system version, configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date
    of your use of the Service, and other statistics. The Log Data will only be recorded on your 
	device unless you actively send it to us.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data that is commonly used an anonymous unique identifier.
    These are sent to your browser from the website that you visit and are stored on your devices's
    internal memory.
This Service does not use these "cookies" explicitly. However, the app may use third party code
    and libraries that use "cookies" to collect information and to improve their services. You
    have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies, and know when a cookie is being sent
    to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of
    this Service.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use
    commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over
    the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot
    guarantee its absolute security.
Children's Privacy
We do not knowingly collect personal
    identifiable information from children under 16. In the case we discover that a child under 13
    has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you
    are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal
    information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page
    periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy
    on this page. These changes are effective immediately, after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact
    us.
E-Mail: info@eshare.io