ARTSY PRIVACY POLICY
Last Updated: December 4, 2024
This Privacy Policy ("Policy") describes how Art.sy, Inc. d/b/a Artsy (“Artsy” or “we” or “our” or “us”) collects, stores, shares, and uses information, and your choices about privacy when you use our website, products, and services (collectively, “Services”). Your privacy is important to us, and we ask that you read this Policy carefully to be informed about our practices.
This Policy is part of our General Terms and Conditions of Sale (“Terms and Conditions”), which can be viewed at:
https://artsy.net/terms
. Any capitalized terms that are used but not defined in this Policy have the same meaning given to them in our Terms and Conditions. By accessing or using our Services in any way, you agree that your information may be collected, stored, shared, and used as described in this Policy and our Terms and Conditions.
By using our Services, you consent to the collection, use and sharing of your Personal Information as outlined in this Policy. You may withdraw consent at any time in writing, however such withdrawal does not negate our right to process your data prior to your withdrawal.
WHEN THIS PRIVACY POLICY APPLIES
This Policy applies to all of our Services, regardless of how you use them, and whether or not you register for an Artsy account. This Policy applies to how we collect, store, share, and use information. This Policy does not apply to any entity that we do not own or control, or to any person that we do not employ or manage. If, at any time during the course of using our Services, you are directed to a third-party site, you understand and agree that the policies of the third-party site govern. For the avoidance of doubt, any third-party with whom we share Personal Information is expected to provide the same or equal protection of Personal Information as stated in this Policy.
TYPES OF INFORMATION WE PROCESS
Information You Provide
: We may collect the information that you provide (such as name, email address, home address, phone number) or otherwise make available to us when you access or use our Services, including when you:
fill in any forms on our Services, such as when you register for an Artsy account or update your account or User profile information;
access or use our Services, such as when you search for or view artwork or other items, follow artists, galleries, institutions or other Users, place bids in an auction or otherwise perform transactions, or communicate with other Users (this can include the information you provide on or through our Services, and information about how you access or use our Services, such as which features you use and when you use them);
link your Artsy account to your account on another social media service (including when you sign up for our Services or sign into our Services through another social media service), in which case we may obtain your username on that service and other information you make publicly available through that service, which may vary depending on your settings on that service; or
communicate with us.
Information Collected Automatically
: We may automatically collect certain information about how you access or use our Services, and by using our Services you consent to the collection of that information. Examples include but are not limited to: internet browser, operating system, device and application identifiers, IP address and geo-location information, access times and dates, referring and exit pages and URLs, clickstream data, search terms, pages viewed, time spent on pages, bounce rate and login frequency.
Information from Cookies, Web Beacons and Similar Technologies
: We may collect information through the use of cookies, web beacons and similar technologies. These technologies help us to operate, improve and customize our Services, Content and marketing, for example, by helping us to better understand how Users access and engage with our Services, Content, emails and ads. We may also use third-party service providers (such as analytics or ad providers) that may use cookies, web beacons and similar technologies to help operate their services. Your browser may have settings that allow you to decline cookies, but please note that some of our Services may not be available if you do so, as some of our Services require cookies to operate. For more information about cookies, web beacons, similar technologies, and how they are used, please see our Cookie Policy below.
Information from Other Users
: If you use our Services to communicate with another User or perform a transaction with another User, we may obtain information or feedback from them about their interaction with you (for example, whether you were responsive to their communications or completed a transaction with them). Also, when Users share User Content through our Services, if it contains information about you, we will receive that information as well. More information about User Content is provided below.
Information from Other Sources
: We may obtain information about you from third-party partners (such as other companies with which we may jointly offer services or conduct promotional events), third-party service providers, credit bureaus or other sources, including but not limited to demographic information, contact information, open data, publicly available data and credit check information. We may use this information for legitimate business purposes, including the performance of a contract, customer support, fraud prevention, and credit-related decisions in connection with our Services, along with other purposes described in this Policy.
Information from Mobile Use
: When you access our Services on a mobile device, for example, when you download or use an Artsy mobile application or visit our website from a mobile browser, we may obtain information about your location and mobile device, including a unique identifier for your device which information may be used for legitimate business purposes. Along with the other purposes described in this Policy, we may use this information in order to customize our Services, Content and marketing for your location. Most mobile devices let you disable location services, and your choices for location services may vary depending on your mobile device.
HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND THE REASONS FOR DOING SO
The information we collect helps us to operate, improve, protect, and customize our Services, as well as develop new Services. The information we collect also helps us provide customer support and make our Services more efficient for you and other Users.
For the sake of transparency, it is our responsibility to outline for you the legitimate business purposes for the collection of information and the reasons why we do so, in order for you to make an informed decision regarding the use of our Services.
In addition to the other uses of information described in this Policy, we may use all of the information that we obtain from or about you for the following purposes and reasons:
to provide our Services to you, including new Services we develop later (reason: legitimate business purpose and performance of a contract);
to provide you with customer support (reason: legitimate business purpose);
to facilitate your communications or transactions with us or other Users (reason: to receive consent, and for legitimate business purpose);
to operate, improve, and customize our Services, Content, and marketing, to develop new Services, and to understand how you use and interact with our Services and Content, and the products, services, and Content of others (reason:  legitimate business purpose);
to develop and display more customized Content and ads to you on or off our Services (reason: to receive consent, and for legitimate business purpose);
to promote and maintain a trusted, safer, and more reliable environment on our Services, for example, to help detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, conduct investigations or risk assessments, or verify actions taken by you or associated with your account (reason: to protect the public interest and for legitimate business purpose);
to contact you (by email, postal mail, telephone, mobile devices, SMS text message, or as otherwise authorized by you) in order to address issues with your account or use of our Services, collect fees, send you updates about our Services or policies, or for other purposes permitted by law (reason: performance of a contract and for legitimate business purpose);
to contact you (by email, postal mail, telephone, mobile devices, SMS text message, or as otherwise authorized by you) in order to send you marketing communications, promotional messages, and offers about our Services and Content, and the products, services, and Content of others (see below for information on how to opt out of receiving certain communications from us) (reason: to receive consent, and for legitimate business purpose);
to facilitate your participation in contests, sweepstakes or other promotional events sponsored or conducted by us or by others in conjunction with us (reason: performance of a contract);
to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, or enforce our Terms and Conditions or any other Artsy policies or agreements with Users (reason: compliance with a legal obligation); and
to perform other functions as described when the information is collected or requested, or for other purposes with your prior consent (reason: legitimate business purpose).
COMMUNICATION PREFERENCES
We provide registered Users with settings on our Services to control whether they receive certain communications from us. If you do not want to receive marketing email from us, you can unsubscribe by following the unsubscribe link in the email you received, changing your preferences in your profile and account settings (if you have registered for an Artsy account), or emailing us at
privacy@artsy.net
. You may not be able to opt out of receiving some communications from us, such as email about your account, your relationship with us, or your transactions with us or other Users. For further information, please don’t hesitate to contact us at
privacy@artsy.net
. Please note that unsubscribing from receiving emails from us may result in a less robust experience of our Services.
ACCOUNTS AND USER PROFILES
Registration, Access and Records
: To register for an Artsy account, you will need to do so by providing your full name and a valid email address. If you have received our permission to use our Services as a business, you may need to complete an additional registration process and provide additional information. If you have an Artsy account, you may access, add, remove or update certain information about you in your profile and account settings, as indicated on our Services. It is your responsibility to update all such information as necessary to keep it accurate and current. When you update your account or profile information, we may keep a record of the unrevised information for purposes consistent with this Policy. If you wish to cancel your account, you may do so by using the tools provided in your profile and account settings, subject to any other agreements between you and us and any transactions which have not yet been completed. If you terminate your account, we may keep a record of any or all information associated with you or your account, as required or permitted by law, for purposes consistent with this Policy, and any such data shall be attached to a unique identifier which cannot be used to identify you; specific account data that includes Personal Information including your name, e-mail, contact information, and certain other records such as settings and collector profiles will be removed at such termination. For further information, please contact us at
privacy@artsy.net
.
Profile and Account Information
: To make our Services more interactive, certain information about Users’ profiles or accounts may be made accessible to other Users on or through our Services, as indicated in Users’ profile and account settings on our Services, or as otherwise indicated by us when you use certain Services. Our Services may include settings to control how certain profile or account information is shared with other Users on or through our Services, and you should check your profile and account settings regularly to be informed of your current choices. For further information, please contact us at
privacy@artsy.net
.
Data Retention
: We will keep and use your data as described in this Policy for (i) as long as your account is in use, is open, or is active; (ii) as long as is necessary to comply with any tax, legal, and/or other regulatory requirements; and (iii) to protect and defend against potential legal claims. If you would like to request the deletion of your personally identifiable information or request that it be returned to you, please contact us at
privacy@artsy.net
. By deleting your data from our Site, you understand that you will no longer be able to use our Services. We will retain your anonymized, aggregated, depersonalized data after it has been deleted from our Site.
FAVORITES AND FOLLOWS
Our Services may include features that enable you to designate your “favorite” artists, designers or other creators, artwork or other items, or categories of artwork or other items. Our Services may also include features that enable you to “follow” galleries, institutions or other Users, artists, designers or other creators, or categories of artwork or other items.
If you enable such designations, we may include you in email communications regarding those designations. If you would like to opt out of receiving those emails, please follow the unsubscribe link at the bottom of the relevant email or visit your account profile to update your email settings. For further information, please contact us at
privacy@artsy.net
.
USER CONTENT
As described in our Terms and Conditions, some Services may enable you to provide User Content on or through our Services. When you post or publish User Content on our Services, any information contained in the User Content (including information in images or videos) becomes publicly accessible on our Services (and may also be indexed by and accessible through third-party search engines), and we and other Users may access and use the User Content as described in our Terms and Conditions. This applies even if you or someone else also provides such information to us by other means, and our use of such information might have been more limited under this Policy if such information was only provided to us by such other means. It is your responsibility to ensure that you have the right to share any information about others that you may share with us or with others through our Services.
USER COMMUNICATIONS
Connecting with Other Users
: We aim to provide a platform and marketplace where Users can discover and engage with a wide range of artwork, design and other items from around the world, including items from the various galleries, institutions and others that use our Services as exhibitors or sellers. To help make this happen, our Services may include features, such as messaging tools and email addresses hosted on our Services, that enable you to contact and communicate with other Users. For example, when an auction house, gallery, or other seller lists an artwork or other item on our Services, our Services may enable you to contact them about that item or about other items they may have available.
Sharing Information with Other Users
: When you use our Services to contact another User or perform a transaction with another User, such as an auction house, gallery, or institution, they may obtain your name, email address and (as applicable) other contact information from us to facilitate communications, transactions, or for their marketing purposes. Sometimes such Users may be able to obtain additional information about you when you use our Services to contact them or perform a transaction with them. For example, they may be able to obtain information about your location, interests and other information, as indicated by us in connection with these Services, or as otherwise indicated in your profile and account settings. Our Services may include settings that enable you to choose how certain information is shared with other Users when you contact them or perform a transaction with them, as indicated when you use these Services or in your profile and account settings.
WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Personal Information
. Under this Policy, "Personal Information" means information that by itself can be used to identify or contact a specific person (for example, a person’s name, email address, postal address or phone number), and Personal Information does not include information that has been aggregated or made anonymous so that by itself it no longer identifies and can no longer reasonably be used to contact a specific person. In certain circumstances, Personal Information may also include information you voluntarily provide to us such as artists and galleries you choose to follow. We will only share your Personal Information with others in the ways described in this Policy, or otherwise with your prior consent. In addition to the other sharing of Personal Information described in this Policy, we may share your Personal Information with others in the following contexts.
Service Providers: We may contract with third-party service providers that help us provide our Services, or that perform services for us related to our Services, and they may process your Personal Information as necessary to perform those functions for us. Examples may include but are not limited to: identity verification, document authentication, public database review, order fulfillment, package delivery, payment processing, bill collection, fraud investigation, email and postal mail administration, customer service assistance, web and mobile data analytics, display ads, and server and database hosting services. For the avoidance of doubt, we do not sell your Personal Information to our Service Providers.
Payment Processing: We use third-parties, including Stripe, to gather your data from financial institutions. By using our Services, you grant our third-party providers the right, power, and authority to act on your behalf to access and transmit your personal and financial information from the relevant financial institution according to terms of such third-party providers’ privacy policies and service terms.
Business Transfers: If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, your Personal Information may be one of the assets transferred. In this event, if you have registered for an Artsy account, we will notify you of the change of ownership by sending an email to the most recent email address you provided us under your Artsy account.
Legal Purposes: We may access, preserve, and disclose your Personal Information and/or other information if we believe that such access, preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (i) comply with any law, regulation, legal process or governmental request (such as search warrants, subpoenas or court orders), which may include responding to legal requests from jurisdictions outside the United States; (ii) enforce our Terms and Conditions or our other policies or agreements with Users, or investigate potential violations; (iii) detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues; (iv) protect or enforce the rights or property of Artsy, you, or any other person or entity; or (v) prevent physical harm to any person, including situations involving possible violence or self-harm.
AGGREGATED AND NON-PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may aggregate and/or make anonymous any Personal Information that we have obtained in any way from or about you or others so that such information no longer contains any Personal Information. We may use and share any aggregated, anonymous or other non-personally identifying information for any legitimate business purposes, including research and development, marketing, and to inform others about how our Services or Content are engaged with or used.
PAYMENT INFORMATION
If you use our marketplace or register for certain Services, you may need to provide payment information, such as a credit card number, type and expiration date. We do not intentionally store credit card information entered on our Services. This information is stored by a third-party payment processor, and the use and storage of this information will be subject to the payment processor’s own
terms of service
and
privacy policy
. We do receive certain information from the payment processor, including a unique token that we associate with you to authorize your purchases, and in certain cases, the last four digits of the credit card number associated with that token, in order to help prevent fraud and identity theft. If you do not wish to provide payment information, you will not be able to use certain Services on our Site.
OTHER WEBSITES AND SERVICES
Our Services may include links to other websites or services that we do not own or control, and other websites or services that we do not own or control may include links to our Services. Our Services may also include features that enable you to link your Artsy account to your account on other social media services. For example, you may be able to sign up for (or sign in to) our Services through another social media service. Our Services may also include features that enable you to share Content on other websites and social media services. However, these links and features are not an endorsement by us of any other websites or services, or any of their privacy policies or practices. When you visit or use other websites or services, they may collect information from you, including through the use of cookies, web beacons or similar technologies. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of other websites and services that you visit or use to be informed of their practices.
INTERNATIONAL PROCESSING
Artsy is headquartered in the United States. Our Users (including the galleries and other organizations that use our Services as exhibitors or sellers), service providers, and other third parties you may interact with in connection with our Services, may be located in the United States and other countries around the world, including countries that may not offer the same level of protection for Personal Information as that offered in the United States. By accessing or using our Services in the United States or any other country or jurisdiction, you agree that your information may be transferred and processed in the United States and any other country or jurisdiction.
In cases of onward transfer to third parties of Personal Information of EU individuals received pursuant to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, Artsy remains accountable for the onward transfer of such Personal Information.
CHILDREN’S INFORMATION
Our Services are not directed to children under the age of 16, and we do not knowingly collect Personal Information from people in this age group. If you believe we may have collected Personal Information from anyone under the age of 16, please
contact us
.
SECURITY
Every Artsy account is protected by a password to help maintain privacy and security on our Services. If you register for an account, we urge you to use a strong password containing unique numbers, letters and special characters, and to protect the confidentiality of your password at all times. If you suspect or become aware of any unauthorized access to or use of your account or password, you agree to immediately
notify us
and change your password. Please note that while we seek to protect your information and maintain the security of our Services, due to the possibility of hardware or software failure, unauthorized entry or use and other factors, we cannot guarantee the security of any information, whether online or offline. Any transmission of information is at your own risk. Please also note that any information you provide to us via email is unencrypted.
STATUTORY REQUESTS
Some jurisdictions have laws that give people the right to access or correct their Personal Information which a company has about them. We will honor any statutory right you may have to access or correct your Personal Information that we have in our records, and you can email such requests to
privacy@artsy.net
. Once we receive your request, we will let you know if an administrative fee will apply to fulfill your request, as permitted by applicable law. However, please note that even if you have a legal right to request access to information or to correct information, as permitted by applicable law, we may reject requests that are unreasonably repetitive, would require disproportionate technical effort (for example, developing a new system or materially changing an existing practice), would jeopardize the privacy of others, or would be extremely impractical to fulfill (for example, requests to access information located on backup systems).
PRIVACY INFORMATION FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS ONLY
If you are a California resident, California law requires us to provide you with some additional information regarding how we collect, use, and share your “Personal Information” (in this section, all terms as defined in the California Consumer Privacy Act ("CCPA")).
Categories of Personal Information we collect.
Throughout this Policy, we discuss in detail the specific pieces of Personal Information we collect from and about users. Under the CCPA, we are also required to provide you with the “categories” of Personal Information we collect. The categories, and some examples of what we may collect, are:
Identifiers
; we may collect, e.g., name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol (IP) address, email address, account name, social security number, driver’s license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers
Customer records information
; we may collect, e.g., name, signature, social security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver’s license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, bank account number, credit or debit card number, other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information
Characteristics of protected classifications under CA or federal law
; we may collect, e.g., gender, identity, or age
Commercial and financial information
; we may collect, e.g., records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies
Internet or other electronic network activity information
; we may collect, e.g., browsing history, search history, or information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an Internet website, application, or advertisement
Geolocation data
; we may collect, e.g., city, state, and ZIP code associated with your IP address or derived through Wi-Fi triangulation; and, with your permission in accordance with your mobile device settings, based on your mailing address
Inferences
that could be used to create a profile about a consumer reflecting the consumer’s preference, characteristics, psychological trends, preferences, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes
Other Information
, e.g., any other information you choose to directly provide to us in connection with your use of the Services
How we use your Personal Information.
We use and share the categories of Personal Information we collect about you consistent with the various business purposes we discuss throughout this Policy, as described in the “How we Use the Information we Collect and the Reasons for Doing So” and “With Whom do we Share Personal Information?” sections above.
CCPA rights disclosure.
If you are a California resident, the CCPA allows you or an authorized agent on your behalf to make certain requests about your Personal Information. Specifically, the CCPA allows you or your agent to request:
Right to know.
Information about the categories of Personal Information we collect or disclose about you; the categories of sources of such information; the business or commercial purpose for collecting your Personal Information; and the categories of third parties with whom we share/disclose Personal Information. Such information is also set forth in this Policy.
Right to access.
Provide access to and/or a copy of certain information we hold about you and that we have collected about you during the past twelve (12) months.
Right to request deletion.
Delete certain information we have about you.
Information about the financial incentives that we offer to you, if any.
Please note that certain information may be exempt from such requests under California law. For example, we need certain information in order to provide the Services to you. We also will take reasonable steps to verify your identity before responding to a request. You are also permitted to designate an authorized agent to subject certain requests on your behalf. To verify that your agent has been authorized to make a request on your behalf, we may require them to provide us with a signed written authorization or a copy of a power of attorney.
Right to non-discrimination.
The CCPA further provides you with the right to not be discriminated against (as provided for in applicable law) for exercising your rights.
Right to opt-out of the sale of Personal Information.
If you are a California resident, the CCPA allows you to opt-out of the sale of your Personal Information. To opt-out of such sales, please click on “Do not sell my Personal Information” in the footer of our
website
and confirm your decision.
If you would like further information regarding your legal rights under California law or would like to exercise any of them, please contact us at
privacy@artsy.net
or click on “Do not sell my personal information” in the footer of our
website
and fill out the form.
Shine the Light.
The California “Shine the Light” law gives residents of California the right under certain circumstances to request information from us regarding the manner in which we share certain categories of Personal Information (as defined in the Shine the Light law) with third parties for their direct marketing purposes. We do not share your Personal Information with third parties for their own direct marketing purposes, except with your consent.
EU-U.S. DATA PRIVACY FRAMEWORK
Artsy complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Artsy has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.  If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles, the EU-U.S. DPF Principles shall govern. To learn more about the EU-U.S. DPF, and to view our certification, please visit the Data privacy framework website
here
.
DISPUTE RESOLUTION
As this Policy is part of our Terms and Conditions, any disputes involving you and us that relate to privacy or the use of your information, and that arise out of or are related to this Policy or our Services, will be subject to our Terms and Conditions, including any provisions regarding the limitation of damages and liability, choice of law, and dispute resolution.
If you do not receive timely acknowledgement of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, you can also submit your complaint to PrivacyTrust, an independent third-party. Visit PrivacyTrust’s website
here
to file a complaint. In limited situations, EU individuals may seek redress from the International Centre for Dispute Resolution-American Arbitration Association (ICDR-AAA), a binding arbitration mechanism, and please note that you have the right to register a complaint with your data protection regulator in your country, a list of which can be found
here
.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
Our business changes with time, and our Privacy Policy will change also. We reserve the right to change this Policy, including our Cookie Policy, without prior notice, at any time at our sole discretion. For example, and without limitation, we may change this Policy to reflect changes to the law or changes to our Services. All changes to this Policy will be effective when posted on our Services, or at such later date as may be specified in the updated Policy. We will notify you of any changes to this Policy by posting the updated Policy on our Services, and you agree to review this Policy regularly and inform yourself of all applicable changes. By continuing to use our Services after any changes to this Policy become effective, you agree to such changes and the updated Policy. Unless we notify you otherwise, the current version of this Policy will apply to all information that we have about you or your account.
COOKIE POLICY
Cookies, Web Beacons, and Similar Technologies
: We may use cookies, web beacons and similar technologies, such as tracking URLs, to collect information about how you or others access or engage with our Services, Content, emails, and ads displayed on or off our Services, and to operate, develop, improve, and customize our Services, Content, and marketing, including ads displayed on or off our Services. Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but your browser may have settings that enable you to decline or delete cookies on your device. Please note that if you decline cookies, you may not be able to sign in, customize, or use some of the interactive features of our Services, as some of our Services require cookies to operate.
What these Technologies Are
: “Cookies” are small data files placed on your computer or other device which record information. For example, a cookie could enable our Services to recognize your browser, while another cookie could store your account preferences and other information to help make our Services more customized. We may use two kinds of cookies, “session cookies” and “persistent cookies.” Session cookies normally expire when you close your browser, while persistent cookies remain on your device until they expire or are deleted. “Web beacons” (also known as “pixel tags” or “clear GIFS”) are pieces of code or pixels embedded in a web page or email to track engagement with and responses to emails, web pages or ads, or to access or communicate with cookies. “Tracking URLs” are special URLs that can be used to track engagement with and responses to emails or web pages.
Third-Party Analytics, Service, and Ad Providers
: We may use third-party analytics and services providers who help us to better understand how our Services and Content are accessed and used, including for web analytics, audience measurement, personalization and segmentation, and relationship management purposes. In turn, this information helps us to develop and improve our Services and Content. Our third-party analytics and service providers include but are not limited to Google Analytics. These providers may use cookies, web beacons and similar technologies to collect information about how Users access or engage with our Services, Content, emails, and ads on or off our Services. For more information about how Google may collect and process information in connection with Google Analytics, click
here
.
We may also use third-party advertising providers, including ad networks or exchanges, to help display ads on our Services or on other websites, including customized ads based on past online activity. These third parties may use cookies, web beacons and similar technologies to help provide their services to us, and to collect information about your and others’ online activity across different websites. These providers may also collect your IP address, device identifier, or identifier for advertising (IDFA). The third-party advertising providers we use include but are not limited to Google Analytics, and we use its Remarketing and Demographics and Interest Reporting features, which enables Google Analytics to collect data about traffic on our Services through
Google advertising cookies
and anonymous identifiers. We and third-party providers, including Google Analytics, may use first-party cookies (i.e. cookies set by the website you are visiting) and third-party cookies (i.e. cookies set by a third-party website other than the website you are visiting) to inform, optimize, and serve ads based on past visits to our Services. We do not control the practices of any third-party providers, and this Cookie Policy (and our Privacy Policy in general) does not cover the use of cookies, web beacons, or similar technologies by any third parties.
Opting-Out
: Third-party providers may offer you a way to opt-out of receiving cookies from them by visiting their own websites or the websites of industry groups such as the
Network Advertising Initiative
and the
Digital Advertising Alliance
. For example, you may opt-out of receiving ad-related cookies from Google through its
Ad Settings
. If you opt-out of receiving cookies from one of these providers, it may place a cookie on your device to remember your preference. For more information about AdChoice, please visit their
website
.  Accordingly, if you delete cookies, install a new browser, or start using a new device, you may need to repeat the opt-out process. To opt out of receiving any marketing materials, please email us at
privacy@artsy.net
.
Changes to this Cookie Policy
: As this Cookie Policy is part of our Privacy Policy, we may update it at any time as described in our Privacy Policy. Please review this Cookie Policy regularly to be informed of any updates.
CONTACTING ARTSY
If you have questions or comments about our Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, would like to know what Personal Information we hold about you, or would like to update, delete, or request access to such Personal Information, you may contact us by email sent to
privacy@artsy.net
, or by postal mail sent to Art.sy, Inc., 401 Broadway, 24th Floor, New York, NY 10013, U.S, Attn: Privacy.
EU CONTACT INFORMATION:
If you need to be in touch with our EU representative, please contact us in either London or Berlin:
Artsy UK Ltd
49-51 Farringdon Road
London EC1M 3JP UK
Email:
privacy@artsy.net
Art.sy Inc GmbH
Weserstraße 175
12045 Berlin, Germany
Email:
privacy@artsy.net
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://stripe.com/us/privacy:
Stripe Services Agreement
Stripe Connected Account Agreement
Stripe Payments Company Terms
Acquirer Terms
Acquirer Disclosure
Cross River Bank
Deutsche Bank
Goldman Sachs Bank USA
PNC Bank
Issuing Bank Terms
Payment Method Terms
User Bank Debit Authorizations
Prohibited & Restricted Businesses
Other Products and Programs
Stripe Terminal Device EULA
Stripe Terminal Purchase Terms
Stripe Terminal Reseller Terms
Stripe Atlas Agreement
Stripe Climate Contribution Terms
Stripe Partner Ecosystem
Stripe Apps
App Developer Agreement
App Marketplace Agreement
Privacy
Privacy Policy
Cookies Policy
Privacy Shield Policy
Service Providers List
Data Processing Agreement
Data Transfers Addendum
Stripe Privacy Center
Intellectual Property
Intellectual Property Notice
Marks Usage
E-SIGN Disclosure
Licenses
Consumer Terms
Last updated: January 16, 2025
This Privacy Policy includes important information about your personal data and we encourage you to read it carefully.
Welcome
We provide financial infrastructure for the internet. Individuals and businesses of all sizes use our technology and services to facilitate purchases, accept payments, send payouts, and manage online businesses.
This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) describes the Personal Data that we collect, how we use and share it, and details on how you can reach us with privacy-related inquiries. The Policy also outlines your rights and choices as a data subject, including the right to object to certain uses of your Personal Data.
Depending on the activity, Stripe assumes the role of a “data controller” and/or “data processor” (or “service provider”). For more details about our privacy practices, including our role, the specific Stripe entity responsible under this Policy, and our legal bases for processing your Personal Data, please visit our
Privacy Center
.
Defined Terms
In this Policy, “Stripe”, “we”, “our,” or “us” refers to the Stripe entity responsible for the collection, use, and handling of Personal Data as described in this document. Depending on your jurisdiction, the specific Stripe entity accountable for your Personal Data might vary.
Learn More
.
“Personal Data” refers to any information associated with an identified or identifiable individual, which can include data that you provide to us, and that we collect about you during your interaction with our Services (such as device information, IP address, etc.).
“Services” refers to the products, services, devices, and applications, that we provide under the Stripe Services Agreement (“Business Services”) or the Stripe Consumer Terms of Service (“End User Services”); websites (“Sites”) like Stripe.com and Link.com; and other Stripe applications and online services. We provide Business Services to entities (“Business Users”). We provide End User Services directly to individuals for their personal use.
“Financial Partners” are financial institutions, banks, and other partners such as payment method acquirers, payout providers, and card networks that we partner with to provide the Services.
Depending on the context, “you” might be an End Customer, End User, Representative, or Visitor:
End Users.
When you use an End User Service, such as saving a payment method with Link, for personal use we refer to you as an “End User.”
End Customers.
When you are not directly transacting with Stripe, but we receive your Personal Data to provide Services to a Business User, including when you make a purchase from a Business User on a Stripe Checkout page or receive payments from a Business User, we refer to you as an “End Customer.”
Representatives.
When you are acting on behalf of an existing or potential Business User—perhaps as a company founder, account administrator for a Business User, or a recipient of an employee credit card from a Business User via Stripe Issuing—we refer to you as a “Representative.”
Visitors.
When you interact with Stripe by visiting a Site without being logged into a Stripe account, or when your interaction with Stripe does not involve you being an End User, End Customer, or Representative, we refer to you as a “Visitor.” For example, you are a Visitor when you send a message to Stripe asking for more information about our Services.
In this Policy, “Transaction Data” refers to data collected and used by Stripe to facilitate transactions you request. Some Transaction Data is Personal Data and may include: your name, email address, contact number, billing and shipping address, payment method information (like credit or debit card number, bank account details, or payment card image chosen by you), merchant and location details, amount and date of purchase, and in some instances, information about what was purchased.
1. Personal Data that we collect and how we use and share it
2. More ways we collect, use and share Personal Data
3. Legal bases for processing data
4. Your rights and choices
5. Security and retention
6. International data transfers
7. Updates and notifications
8. Jurisdiction-specific provisions
9. Contact us
10. US Consumer Privacy Notice
1. Personal Data we collect and how we use and share it
Our collection and use of Personal Data differs based on whether you are an End User, End Customer, Representative, or Visitor, and the specific Service that you are using. For example, if you're a sole proprietor who wants to use our Business Services, we may collect your Personal Data to onboard your business; at the same time, you might also be an End Customer if you've bought goods from another Business User that is using our Services for payment processing. You could also be an End User if you used our End User Service, such as Link, for those transactions.
1.1 End Users
We provide End User Services when we provide the Services directly to you for your personal use (e.g., Link). Additional details regarding our collection, usage, and sharing of End User Personal Data, including the
legal bases
we rely on for processing such data, can be found in our
Privacy Center
.
a. Personal Data we collect about End Users
Using Link or Connecting your bank account
. Stripe offers a service called "Link," which allows you to create an account and store information for future interactions with Stripe’s Services and Business Users. You may save a number of different kinds of Personal Data using Link. For instance, you may save your name, payment method details, contact information, and address to conveniently use saved information to pay for transactions across our Business Users. When you choose to pay with Link, we will also collect Transaction Data associated with your transactions.
Learn More
.
You can also share and save bank account details to your Link account using Stripe’s
Financial Connections
product. When you use Financial Connections, Stripe will periodically collect and process your account information (such as bank account owner information, account balances, account number and details, account transactions, and, in some cases, log-in credentials). You can ask us to cease the collection of such data at any time.
Learn More
.
Finally, you can use Link to store your identity documents (such as your driver’s license) so that you can share them in future interactions with Stripe or its Business Users.
Paying Stripe
. When you purchase goods or services directly from Stripe, we receive your Transaction Data. For instance, when you make a payment to Stripe Climate, we collect information about the transaction, as well as your contact and payment method details.
Identity/Verification Services
. We offer an identity verification service that automates the comparison of your identity document (such as a driver’s license) with your image (such as a selfie). You can separately consent to us using your biometric data to enhance our verification technology, with the option to revoke your consent at any time.
Learn More
.
More
. For further information about other types of Personal Data that we may collect about End Users, including about your online activity and your engagement with our End User Services, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
b. How we use and share Personal Data of End Users
Services
. We use and share your Personal Data to provide the End User Services to you, which includes support, personalization (such as language preferences and setting choices), and communication about our End User Services (such as communicating Policy updates and information about our Services). For example, Stripe may use cookies and similar technologies or the data you provide to our Business Users (such as when you input your email address on a Business User’s website) to recognize you and help you use Link when visiting our Business User’s website. Learn more about how we use cookies and similar technologies in Stripe’s
Cookie Policy
.
Our Business Users.
When you use Link to make payments with our Business Users, we share your Personal Data, including name, contact information, payment method details, and Transaction Data with those Business Users.
Learn More
. You can also direct Stripe to share your saved bank account information and identity documents with Business Users you do business with. Once we share your Personal Data with Business Users, we may process that Personal Data as a Data Processor for those Business Users, as detailed in Section 1.2 of this Policy.  You should consult the privacy policies of the Business Users’ you do business with for information on how they use the information shared with them.
Fraud Detection and Loss Prevention
. We use your Personal Data collected across our Services to detect fraud and prevent financial losses for you, us, and our Business Users and Financial Partners, including detecting unauthorized purchases. We may provide Business Users and Financial Partners, including those that use our fraud prevention-related Business Services (such as Stripe Radar), with Personal Data about you (including your attempted transactions) so that they can assess the fraud or loss risk associated with the transaction. Learn more about how we may use technology to assess the fraud risk associated with an attempted transaction and what information we share with Business Users and Financial Partners
here
and
here
.
Advertising
. Where permitted by applicable law, we may use your Personal Data, including Transaction Data, to assess your eligibility for, and offer you, other End User Services or promote existing End User Services, including through co-marketing with partners such as Stripe Business Users.
Learn more
. Subject to applicable law, including any consent requirements, we use and share End User Personal Data with third party partners to allow us to advertise our End User Services to you, including through interest-based advertising, and to track the efficacy of such ads. We do not transfer your Personal Data to third parties in exchange for payment, but we may provide your data to third-party partners, such as advertising partners, analytics providers, and social networks, who assist us in advertising our Services to you.
Learn more
.
More
. For further information about ways we may use and share End Users' Personal Data, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
1.2 End Customers
Stripe provides various Business Services to our Business Users, which include processing in-person or online payments or payouts for those Business Users. When acting as a service provider—also referred to as a Data Processor—for a Business User, we process End Customer Personal Data in accordance with our agreement with the Business User and the Business User's lawful instructions. This happens, for example, when we process a payment for a Business User because you purchased a product from them, or when the Business User asks us to send you funds.
Business Users are responsible for ensuring that the privacy rights of their End Customers are respected, including obtaining appropriate consents and making disclosures about their own data collection and use associated with their products and services. If you're an End Customer, please refer to the privacy policy of the Business User you're doing business with for its privacy practices, choices, and controls.
We provide more comprehensive information about our collection, use, and sharing of End Customer Personal Data in our
Privacy Center
, including the
legal bases
we rely on for processing your Personal Data.
a. Personal Data we collect about End Customers
Transaction Data
. If you're an End Customer making payments to, receiving refunds or payments from, initiating a purchase or donation, or otherwise transacting with our Business User, whether in-person or online, we receive your Transaction Data. We may also receive your transaction history with the Business User.
Learn More
. Additionally, we may collect information entered into a checkout form even if you opt not to complete the form or transaction with the Business User.
Learn More
. A Business User who uses Stripe’s Terminal Service to provide its goods or services to End Customers may use the Terminal Service to collect End Customer Personal Data (like your name, email, phone number, address, signature, or age) in accordance with its own privacy policy.
Identity/Verification Information
. Stripe provides a verification and fraud prevention Service that our Business Users can use to verify Personal Data about you, such as your authorization to use a particular payment method. During the process, you’d be asked to share with us certain Personal Data (like your government ID and selfie for biometric verification, Personal Data you input, or Personal Data that is apparent from the physical payment method like a credit card image). To protect against fraud and determine if somebody is trying to impersonate you, we may cross-verify this data with information about you that we've collected from Business Users, Financial Partners, business affiliates, identity verification services, publicly available sources, and other third party service providers and sources.
Learn More
.
More
. For further information about other types of Personal Data that we may collect about End Customers, including about your online activity, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
b. How we use and share Personal Data of End Customers
To provide our Business Services to our Business Users, we use and share End Customers' Personal Data with them. Where allowed, we also use End Customers' Personal Data for Stripe’s own purposes such as enhancing security, improving and offering our Business Services, and preventing fraud, loss, and other damages, as described further below.
Payment processing and accounting
. We use your Transaction Data to deliver Payment-related Business Services to Business Users — including online payment transactions processing, sales tax calculation, and invoice, bill, and dispute handling — and to help them determine their revenue, settle their bills, and execute accounting tasks.
Learn More
. We may also use your Personal Data to provide and improve our Business Services.
During payment transactions, your Personal Data is shared with various entities in connection with your transaction. As a service provider or data processor, we share Personal Data to enable transactions as directed by Business Users. For instance, when you choose a payment method for your transaction, we may share your Transaction Data with your bank or other payment method provider, including as necessary to authenticate you, Learn More, process your transaction, prevent fraud, and handle disputes. The Business User you choose to do business with also receives Transaction Data and might share the data with others. Please review your merchant’s, bank’s, and payment method provider’s privacy policies for more information about how they use and share your Personal Data.
Financial services
. Certain Business Users leverage our Services to offer financial services to you via Stripe or our Financial Partners. For example, a Business User may issue a card product with which you can purchase goods and services. Such cards could carry the brand of Stripe, the bank partner, and/or the Business User. In addition to any Transaction Data we may generate or receive when these cards are used for purchases, we also collect and use your Personal Data to provide and manage these products, including assisting our Business Users in preventing misuse of the cards. Please review the privacy policies of the Business User and, if applicable, our bank partners associated with the financial service (the brands of which may be shown on the card) for more information.
Identity/Verification services
. We use Personal Data about your identity to perform verification services for Stripe or for the Business Users that you are transacting with, to prevent fraud, and to enhance security. For these purposes we may use Personal Data you provide directly or Personal Data we obtain from our service providers, including for phone verification.
Learn More
. If you provide a selfie along with an image of your identity document, we may employ biometric technology to compare and calculate whether they match and verify your identity.
Learn More
.
Fraud detection and loss prevention.
We use your Personal Data collected across our Services to detect and prevent losses for you, us, our Business Users, and Financial Partners. We may provide Business Users and Financial Partners, including those using our fraud prevention-related Business Services, with your Personal Data (including your attempted transactions) to help them assess the fraud or loss risk associated with a transaction. Learn more about how we may use technology to assess the fraud risk associated with an attempted transaction and what information we share with Business Users and Financial Partners
here
and
here
.
Our Business Users (and their authorized third parties).
We share End Customers' Personal Data with their respective Business Users and parties directly authorized by those Business Users to receive such data. Here are common examples of such sharing:
When a Business User instructs Stripe to provide another Business User with access to its Stripe account, including data related to its End Customers, via Stripe Connect.
Sharing information that you have provided to us with a Business User so that we can send payments to you on behalf of that Business User.
Sharing information, documents, or images provided by an End Customer with a Business User when the latter uses Stripe Identity, our identity verification Service, to verify the identity of the End Customer.
The Business Users you choose to do business with may further share your Personal Data with third parties (like additional third party service providers other than Stripe). Please review the Business User’s privacy policy for more information.
Advertising by Business Users
. If you initiate a purchasing process with a Business User, the Business User receives your Personal Data from us in connection with our provision of Services even if you don't finish your purchase. The Business User may use your Personal Data to market and advertise their products or services, subject to the terms of their privacy policy. Please review the Business User’s privacy policy for more information, including your rights to stop their use of your Personal Data for marketing purposes.
More
. For further information about additional ways by which we may use and share End Customers' Personal Data, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
1.3 Representatives
We collect, use, and share Personal Data from Representatives of Business Users (for example, business owners) to provide our Business Services. For more information about how we collect, use, and share Personal Data from Representatives, as well as the
legal bases
we rely on for processing such Personal Data, please visit our
Privacy Center
.
a. Personal Data we collect about Representatives
Registration and contact information
. When you register for a Stripe account for a Business User (including incorporation of a Business), we collect your name and login credentials. If you register for or attend an event organized by Stripe or sign up to receive Stripe communications, we collect your registration and profile data. As a Representative, we may collect your Personal Data from third parties, including data providers, to advertise, market, and communicate with you as detailed further in the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below. We may also link a location with you to tailor the Services or information effectively to your needs.
Learn More
.
Identification Information
. As a current or potential Business User, an owner of a Business User, or a shareholder, officer, or director of a Business User, we need your contact details, such as name, postal address, telephone number, and email address, to fulfill our Financial Partner and regulatory requirements, verify your identity, and prevent fraudulent activities and harm to the Stripe platform. We collect your Personal Data, such as ownership interest in the Business User, date of birth, government-issued identity documents, and associated identifiers, as well as any history of fraud or misuse, directly from you and/or from publicly available sources, third parties such as credit bureaus and via the Services we provide.
Learn More
. You may also choose to provide us with bank account information.
More
. For further information about other types of Personal Data that we may collect about Representatives, including your online activity, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
b. How we use and share Personal Data of Representatives
We typically use the Personal Data of Representatives to provide the Business Services to the corresponding Business Users. The ways we use and share this data are further described below.
Business Services
. We use and share Representatives’ Personal Data with Business Users to provide the Services requested by you or the Business User you represent.
In some instances, we may have to submit your Personal Data to a government entity to provide our Business Services, for purposes such as the incorporation of a business, or calculating and paying applicable sales tax. For our tax-related Business Services, we may use your Personal Data to prepare tax documents and file taxes on behalf of the Business User you represent. For our Atlas business incorporation Services, we may use your Personal Data to submit forms to the IRS on your behalf and file documents with other government authorities, such as articles of incorporation in your state of incorporation.
We share Representatives’ Personal Data with parties authorized by the corresponding Business User, such as Financial Partners servicing a financial product, or third party apps or services the Business User chooses to use alongside our Business Services. Here are common examples of such sharing:
Payment method providers, like Visa or WeChat Pay, require information about Business Users and their Representatives who accept their payment methods. This information is typically required during the onboarding process or for processing transactions and handling disputes for these Business Users.
Learn More
.
A Business User may authorize Stripe to share your Personal Data with other Business Users to facilitate the provision of Services through Stripe Connect.
The use of Personal Data by a third party authorized by a Business User is subject to the third party’s privacy policy.
If you are a Business User who has chosen a name that includes Personal Data (for example, a sole proprietorship or family name in a company name), we will use and share such information for the provision of our Services in the same way we do with any company name. This may include, for example, displaying it on receipts and other transaction-identifying descriptions.
Fraud detection and loss prevention
. We use Representatives’ Personal Data to identify and manage risks that our Business Services might be used for fraudulent activities causing losses to Stripe, End Users, End Customers, Business Users, Financial Partners, and others. We also use information about you obtained from publicly available sources, third parties like credit bureaus and from our Services to address such risks, including to identify patterns of misuse and monitor for terms of service violations. Stripe may share Representatives' Personal Data with Business Users, our Financial Partners, and third party service providers, including phone verification providers,
Learn More
, to verify the information provided by you and identify risk indicators.
Learn More
. We also use and share Representatives' Personal Data to conduct due diligence, including conducting anti-money laundering and sanctions screening in accordance with applicable law.
Advertising
. Where permitted by applicable law, and where required with your consent, we use and share Representatives’ Personal Data with third parties, including
Partners
, so we can advertise and market our Services and Partner integrations. Subject to applicable law, including any consent requirements, we may advertise through interest-based advertising and track the efficacy of such ads. See our
Cookie Policy
. We do not transfer your Personal Data to third parties in exchange for payment. However, we may provide your data to third party partners, like advertising partners, analytics providers, and social networks, who assist us in advertising our Services.
Learn more
. We may also use your Personal Data, including your Stripe account activity, to evaluate your eligibility for and offer you Business Services or promote existing Business Services.
Learn more
.
More
. For further information about additional ways by which we may use and share Representatives’ Personal Data, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
1.4 Visitors
We collect, use, and share the Personal Data of Visitors. More details about how we collect, use, and share Visitors’ Personal Data, along with the
legal bases
we rely on for processing such Personal Data, can be found in our
Privacy Center
.
a. Personal Data we collect about Visitors
When you browse our Sites, we receive your Personal Data, either provided directly by you or collected through our use of cookies and similar technologies. See our
Cookie Policy
for more information. If you opt to complete a form on the Site or third party websites where our advertisements are displayed (like LinkedIn or Facebook), we collect the information you included in the form. This may include your contact information and other information pertaining to your questions about our Services. We may also associate a location with your visit.
Learn More
.
More
. Further details about other types of Personal Data that we may collect from Visitors, including your online activity, can be found in the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
b. How we use and share Personal Data of Visitors
Personalization
. We use the data we collect about you using cookies and similar technologies to measure engagement with the content on the Sites, improve relevancy and navigation, customize your experience (such as language preference and region-specific content), and curate content about Stripe and our Services that's tailored to you. For instance, as not all of our Services are available globally, we may customize our responses based on your region.
Advertising
. Where permitted by applicable law, and where required with your consent, we use and share Visitors’ Personal Data with third parties, including
Partners
, so we can advertise and market our Services and Partner integrations. Subject to applicable law, including any consent requirements, we may advertise through interest-based advertising and track the efficacy of such ads. See our
Cookie Policy
. We do not transfer your Personal Data to third parties in exchange for payment, but we may provide your data to third party partners, like advertising partners, analytics providers, and social networks, who assist us in advertising our Services.
Learn more
.
Engagement
. As you interact with our Sites, we use the information we collect about and through your devices to provide opportunities for further interactions, such as discussions about Services or interactions with chatbots, to address your questions.
More
. For more information about additional ways we may use and share Visitors’ Personal Data, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
2. More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
In addition to the ways described above, we also process your Personal Data as follows:
a. Collection of Personal Data
Online Activity
. Depending on the Service used and how our Business Services are implemented by the Business Users, we may collect information related to:
The devices and browsers you use across our Sites and third party websites, apps, and other online services (“Third Party Sites”).
Usage data associated with those devices and browsers and your engagement with our Services, including data elements like IP address, plug-ins, language preference, time spent on Sites and Third Party Sites, pages visited, links clicked, payment methods used, and the pages that led you to our Sites and Third Party Sites. We also collect activity indicators, such as mouse activity indicators, to help us detect fraud.
Learn More
. See also our
Cookie Policy
.
Communication and Engagement Information
. We also collect information you choose to share with us through various channels, such as support tickets, emails, or social media. If you respond to emails or surveys from Stripe, we collect your email address, name, and any other data you opt to include in your email or responses. If you engage with us over the phone, we collect your phone number and any other information you might provide during the call. Calls with Stripe or Stripe representatives may be recorded.
Learn More
. Additionally, we collect your engagement data, like your registration for, attendance at, or viewing of Stripe events and any other interactions with Stripe personnel.
Forums and Discussion Groups
. If our Sites allow posting of content, we collect Personal Data that you provide in connection with the post.
b. Use of Personal Data.
Besides the use of Personal Data described above, we use Personal Data in the ways listed below:
Analyzing, Improving, and Developing our Services
. We collect and process Personal Data throughout our various Services, whether you are an End User, End Customer, Representative, or Visitor, to improve our Services, develop new Services, and support our efforts to make our Services more efficient, relevant, and useful to you.
Learn More
.  We may use Personal Data to generate aggregate and statistical information to understand and explain how our Services are used.  Examples of how we use Personal Data to analyze, improve, and develop our products and services include:
Using analytics on our Sites, including as described in our Cookie Policy, to help us understand your use of our Sites and Services and diagnose technical issues.
Training machine learning models to power our Services and protect against fraud and other harm.
Learn more
.
Analyzing and drawing inferences from Transaction Data to reduce costs, fraud, and disputes and increase authentication and authorization rates for Stripe and our Business Users.
Communications
. We use the contact information we have about you to deliver our Services,
Learn More
, which may involve sending codes via SMS for your authentication.
Learn More
. If you are an End User, Representative, or Visitor, we may communicate with you using the contact information we have about you to provide information about our Services and our affiliates’ services, invite you to participate in our events, surveys, or user research, or otherwise communicate with you for marketing purposes, in compliance with applicable law, including any consent or opt-out requirements. For example, when you provide your contact information to us or when we collect your business contact details through participation at trade shows or other events, we may use this data to follow up with you regarding an event, provide information requested about our Services, and include you in our marketing information campaigns. Where permitted under applicable law, we may record our calls with you to provide our Services, comply with our legal obligations, perform research and quality assurance, and for training purposes.
Social Media and Promotions
. If you opt to submit Personal Data to engage in an offer, program, or promotion, we use the Personal Data you provide to manage the offer, program, or promotion. We also use the Personal Data you provide, along with the Personal Data you make available on social media platforms, for marketing purposes, unless we are not permitted to do so.
Fraud Prevention and Security
. We collect and use Personal Data to help us identify and manage activities that could be fraudulent or harmful across our Services, enable our fraud detection Business Services, and secure our Services and transactions against unauthorized access, use, alteration or misappropriation of Personal Data, information, and funds. As part of the fraud prevention, detection, security monitoring, and compliance efforts for Stripe and its Business Users, we collect information from publicly available sources, third parties (such as credit bureaus), and via the Services we offer. In some instances, we may also collect information about you directly from you, or from our Business Users, Financial Partners, and other third parties for the same purposes. Furthermore, to protect our Services, we may receive details such as IP addresses and other identifying data about potential security threats from third parties.
Learn More
. Such information helps us verify identities, conduct credit checks where lawfully permitted, and prevent fraud. Additionally, we might use technology to evaluate the potential risk of fraud associated with individuals seeking to procure our Business Services or arising from attempted transactions by an End Customer or End User with our Business Users or Financial Partners.
Compliance with Legal Obligations
. We use Personal Data to meet our contractual and legal obligations related to anti-money laundering, Know-Your-Customer ("KYC") laws, anti-terrorism activities, safeguarding vulnerable customers, export control, and prohibition of doing business with restricted persons or in certain business fields, among other legal obligations. For example, we may monitor transaction patterns and other online signals and use those insights to identify fraud, money laundering, and other harmful activity that could affect Stripe, our Financial Partners, End Users, Business Users and others.
Learn More
. Safety, security, and compliance for our Services are key priorities for us, and collecting and using Personal Data is crucial to this effort.
Minors
. Our Services are not directed to children under the age of 13, and we request that they do not provide Personal Data to seek Services directly from Stripe. In certain jurisdictions, we may impose higher age limits as required by applicable law.
c. Sharing of Personal Data.
Besides the sharing of Personal Data described above, we share Personal Data in the ways listed below:
Stripe Affiliates
. We share Personal Data with other Stripe-affiliated entities for purposes identified in this Policy.
Service Providers or Processors
. In order to provide, communicate, market, analyze, and advertise our Services, we depend on service providers. These providers offer critical services such as providing cloud infrastructure, conducting analytics for the assessment of the speed, accuracy, and/or security of our Services, verifying identities, identifying potentially harmful activity, and providing customer service and audit functions. We authorize these service providers to use or disclose the Personal Data we make available to them to perform services on our behalf and to comply with relevant legal obligations. We require these service providers to contractually commit to security and confidentiality obligations for the Personal Data they process on our behalf. The majority of our service providers are based in the European Union, the United States of America, and India.
Learn More
.
Financial Partners
. We share Personal Data with certain Financial Partners to provide Services to Business Users and offer certain Services in conjunction with these Financial Partners. For instance, we may share certain Personal Data, such as payment processing volume, loan repayment data, and Representative contact information, with institutional investors and lenders who purchase loan receivables or provide financing related to Stripe Capital.
Learn More
.
Others with Consent
. In some situations, we may not offer a service, but instead refer you to others (like professional service firms that we partner with to deliver the Atlas Service). In these instances, we will disclose the identity of the third party and the information to be shared with them, and seek your consent to share the information.
Corporate Transactions
. If we enter or intend to enter a transaction that modifies the structure of our business, such as a reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer, change of control, or other disposition of all or part of our business, assets, or stock, we may share Personal Data with third parties in connection with such transaction. Any other entity that buys us or part of our business will have the right to continue to use your Personal Data, subject to the terms of this Policy.
Compliance and Harm Prevention
. We share Personal Data when we believe it is necessary to comply with applicable law; to abide by rules imposed by Financial Partners in connection with the use of their payment method; to enforce our contractual rights; to secure and protect the Services, rights, privacy, safety, and property of Stripe, you, and others, including against malicious or fraudulent activity; and to respond to valid legal requests from courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies, and other public and government authorities, which may include authorities outside your country of residence.
3. Legal bases for processing Personal Data
For purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and other applicable data protection laws, we rely on a number of legal bases to process your Personal Data.
Learn More
. For some jurisdictions, there may be additional legal bases, which are outlined in the
Jurisdiction-Specific Provisions
section below.
a. Contractual and Pre-Contractual Business Relationships
. We process Personal Data to enter into business relationships with prospective Business Users and End Users and fulfill our respective contractual obligations with them. These processing activities include:
Creation and management of Stripe accounts and Stripe account credentials, including the assessment of applications to initiate or expand the use of our Services;
Creation and management of Stripe Checkout accounts;
Accounting, auditing, and billing activities; and
Processing of payments and related activities, which include fraud detection, loss prevention, transaction optimization, communications about such payments, and related customer service activities.
b. Legal Compliance
. We process Personal Data to verify the identities of individuals and entities to comply with obligations related to fraud monitoring, prevention, and detection, laws associated with identifying and reporting illicit and illegal activities, such as those under the Anti-Money Laundering ("AML") and Know-Your-Customer (“KYC") regulations, and financial reporting obligations. For example, we may be required to record and verify a Business User’s identity to comply with regulations designed to prevent money laundering, fraud, and financial crimes. These legal obligations may require us to report our compliance to third parties and subject ourselves to third party verification audits.
c. Legitimate Interests
. Where permitted under applicable law, we rely on our legitimate business interests to process your Personal Data. The following list provides an example of the business purposes for which we have a legitimate interest in processing your data:
Detection, monitoring, and prevention of fraud and unauthorized payment transactions;
Mitigation of financial loss, claims, liabilities or other harm to End Customers, End Users, Business Users, Financial Partners, and Stripe;
Determination of eligibility for and offering new Stripe Services (
Learn More
);
Response to inquiries, delivery of Service notices, and provision of customer support;
Promotion, analysis, modification, and improvement of our Services, systems, and tools, as well as the development of new products and services, including enhancing the reliability of the Services;
Management, operation, and improvement of the performance of our Sites and Services, through understanding their effectiveness and optimizing our digital assets;
Analysis and advertisement of our Services, and related improvements;
Aggregate analysis and development of business intelligence that enable us to operate, protect, make informed decisions about, and report on the performance of our business;
Sharing of Personal Data with third party service providers that offer services on our behalf and business partners that help us in operating and improving our business (
Learn More)
;
Enabling network and information security throughout Stripe and our Services; and
Sharing of Personal Data among our affiliates.
d. Consent
. We may rely on consent or explicit consent to collect and process Personal Data regarding our interactions with you and the provision of our Services such as Link, Financial Connections, Atlas, and Identity. When we process your Personal Data based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time, and such a withdrawal will not impact the legality of processing performed based on the consent prior to its withdrawal.
e. Substantial Public Interest
. We may process special categories of Personal Data, as defined by the GDPR, when such processing is necessary for reasons of substantial public interest and consistent with applicable law, such as when we conduct politically-exposed person checks. We may also process Personal Data related to criminal convictions and offenses when such processing is authorized by applicable law, such as when we conduct sanctions screening to comply with AML and KYC obligations.
f. Other valid legal bases
. We may process Personal Data further to other valid legal bases as recognized under applicable law in specific jurisdictions. See the Jurisdiction-specific provisions section below for more information.
4. Your rights and choices
Depending on your location and subject to applicable law, you may have choices regarding our collection, use, and disclosure of your Personal Data:
a. Opting out of receiving electronic communications from us
If you wish to stop receiving marketing-related emails from us, you can opt-out by clicking the unsubscribe link included in such emails or as described
here
. We'll try to process your request(s) as quickly as reasonably practicable. However, it's important to note that even if you opt out of receiving marketing-related emails from us, we retain the right to communicate with you about the Services you receive (like support and important legal notices) and our Business Users might still send you messages or instruct us to send you messages on their behalf.
b. Your data protection rights
Depending on your location and subject to applicable law, you may have the following rights regarding the Personal Data we process about you as a data controller:
The right to request confirmation of whether Stripe is processing Personal Data associated with you, the categories of personal data it has processed, and the third parties or categories of third parties with which your Personal Data is shared;
The right to request access to the Personal Data Stripe processes about you (
Learn More
);
The right to request that Stripe rectify or update your Personal Data if it's inaccurate, incomplete, or outdated;
The right to request that Stripe erase your Personal Data in certain circumstances as provided by law (
Learn More
);
The right to request that Stripe restrict the use of your Personal Data in certain circumstances, such as while Stripe is considering another request you've submitted (for instance, a request that Stripe update your Personal Data);
The right to request that we export the Personal Data we hold about you to another company, provided it's technically feasible;
The right to withdraw your consent if your Personal Data is being processed based on your previous consent;
The right to object to the processing of your Personal Data if we are processing your data based on our legitimate interests; unless there are compelling legitimate grounds or the processing is necessary for legal reasons, we will cease processing your Personal Data upon receiving your objection (
Learn More
);
The right not to be discriminated against for exercising these rights; and
The right to appeal any decision by Stripe relating to your rights by contacting Stripe’s Data Protection Officer (“DPO”) at
dpo@stripe.com
, and/or relevant regulatory agencies.
You may have additional rights, depending on applicable law, over your Personal Data. For example, see the Jurisdiction-specific provisions section under United States below.
c. Process for exercising your data protection rights
To exercise your data protection rights related to Personal Data we process as a data controller, visit our
Privacy Center
or contact us as outlined below.  For Personal Data we process as a data processor, please reach out to the relevant data controller (Business User) to exercise your rights. If you contact us regarding your Personal Data we process as a data processor, we will refer you to the relevant data controller to the extent we are able to identify them.
5. Security and Retention
We make reasonable efforts to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk associated with the processing of your Personal Data. We maintain organizational, technical, and administrative measures designed to protect the Personal Data covered by this Policy from unauthorized access, destruction, loss, alteration, or misuse.
Learn More
. Unfortunately, no data transmission or storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
We encourage you to assist us in protecting your Personal Data. If you hold a Stripe account, you can do so by using a strong password, safeguarding your password against unauthorized use, and avoiding using identical login credentials you use for other services or accounts for your Stripe account. If you suspect that your interaction with us is no longer secure (for instance, you believe that your Stripe account's security has been compromised), please
contact us
immediately.
We retain your Personal Data for as long as we continue to provide the Services to you or our Business Users, or for a period in which we reasonably foresee continuing to provide the Services. Even after we stop providing Services directly to you or to a Business User that you're doing business with, and even after you close your Stripe account or complete a transaction with a Business User, we may continue to retain your Personal Data to:
Comply with our legal and regulatory obligations;
Enable fraud monitoring, detection, and prevention activities; and
Comply with our tax, accounting, and financial reporting obligations, including when such retention is required by our contractual agreements with our Financial Partners (and where data retention is mandated by the payment methods you've used).
In cases where we keep your Personal Data, we do so in accordance with any limitation periods and record retention obligations imposed by applicable law.
Learn More
.
6. International Data Transfers
As a global business, it's sometimes necessary for us to transfer your Personal Data to countries other than your own, including the United States. These countries might have data protection regulations that are different from those in your country. When transferring data across borders, we take measures to comply with applicable data protection laws related to such transfer. In certain situations, we may be required to disclose Personal Data in response to lawful requests from officials, such as law enforcement or security authorities.
Learn More
.
If you are located in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), the United Kingdom ("UK"), or Switzerland, please refer to our
Privacy Center
for additional details. When a data transfer mechanism is mandated by applicable law, we employ one or more of the following:
Transfers to certain countries or recipients that are recognized as having an adequate level of protection for Personal Data under applicable law.
EU Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the European Commission and the UK International Data Transfer Addendum issued by the Information Commissioner’s Office. You can obtain a copy of the relevant Standard Contractual Clauses.
Learn More
.
Other lawful methods available to us under applicable law.
Stripe, Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce and as applicable.
Learn More
.
Stripe’s privacy practices, as described in this Privacy Policy, comply with the Cross Border Privacy Rules System (“CBPR”) and Privacy Rules for Processor (“PRP”) systems. These systems provide a framework for organizations to ensure protection of personal data transferred among participating economies. Where CBPR and/or PRP are recognized as a valid transfer mechanism under applicable law, Stripe will transfer Personal Data in accordance with the CBPR and PRP certifications Stripe has obtained. More information about the framework can be found
here
and
here
. If you have unresolved privacy or data use concerns that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S. based third-party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
. To view the status of our certifications, please click
here
(CBPR) and
here
(PRP).
7. Updates and notifications
We may change this Policy from time to time to reflect new services, changes in our privacy practices or relevant laws. The “Last updated” legend at the top of this Policy indicates when this Policy was last materially revised. Any changes are effective the latter of when we post the revised Policy on the Services or otherwise provide notice of the update as required by law.
We may provide you with disclosures and alerts regarding the Policy or Personal Data collected by posting them on our website and, if you are an End User or Representative, by contacting you through your Stripe Dashboard, email address and/or the physical address listed in your Stripe account.
8. Jurisdiction-specific provisions
Australia
. “Personal Data” includes “personal information” as defined under applicable privacy laws in Australia, including the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) as amended from time to time.
If we use personal information to make automated decisions that could reasonably be expected to significantly affect your rights or interests, we will provide the legally required information and transparency via our
Privacy Center
, and/or on a case by case basis.
If you are an Australian resident and dissatisfied with our handling of any complaint you raise under this Policy, you may consider contacting the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner.
Brazil
. You may exercise your rights by contacting our DPO Adi Gilad at dpo@stripe.com. Brazilian residents, for whom the Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais (“LGPD”) applies, have rights set forth in Article 18 of the LGPD.
Canada
. As used in this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Federal Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (“PIPEDA”), the Personal Information Protection Act, SBC 2003 c 63, in British Columbia, the Personal Information Protection Act, SA 2003 c P-6.5, in Alberta, and the Act Respecting the Protection of Personal Information in the Private Sector, CQLR c P-39-1 (“Quebec Private Sector Act”), in Quebec.
Learn more.
“Personal Data” includes “personal information” as defined under those laws.
Stripe’s Chief Privacy Officer is the person in charge of personal information, including under the Quebec Private Sector Act.  You may contact them via email at privacy@stripe.com.  When Stripe collects Personal Data belonging to Canadian (including Quebec) residents, it transfers that data to data centers in the United States.  When Stripe relies on service providers to process Personal Data as described herein, those service providers may also be located outside of Canada or Quebec.
You have the right to request access or rectification of the Personal Data Stripe holds related to you or to withdraw any consent given to the processing of such personal data.  You may exercise those rights by contacting Stripe’s Chief Privacy Officer at privacy@stripe.com.  If you are an End Customer, you should contact the Business User with which you transacted to exercise your rights.
EEA and UK
. You may exercise your rights by contacting our DPO at dpo@stripe.com. If you are a resident of the EEA or the Stripe entity accountable for your Personal data is otherwise subject to the GDPR, and you believe our processing of your information contradicts the GDPR, you may direct your questions or complaints to the Irish Data Protection Commission. If you are a resident of the UK, direct your questions or concerns to the UK Information Commissioner’s Office. You also have additional rights under the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.
Learn More
.
India
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Digital Personal Data Protection Act (“DPDPA”) once the DPDPA enters into effect. Further, the term “data controller” includes “data fiduciaries,” and the term “data subject” includes “data principal,” both as defined in the DPDPA.
In some cases, and as permitted under the DPDPA, we may rely on “legitimate use” as a legal basis. For example, we might do so when you voluntarily provide your Personal Data to us. Where we are required to obtain your explicit and informed consent, we will do so on a case by case basis. “Consent Managers” as defined under the DPDPA may submit a request to revoke or provide consent using the methods described in the Contact Us section below, or as set out in the following paragraph, or via other means made available by Stripe in the future. We may ask for proof of authorization and identity before processing such a request.
You have the right to contact Stripe to nominate another individual, who may, in the event of your death or incapacity, exercise your rights under this Privacy Policy and under the DPDPA and implementing regulations.
In certain cases, you may be asked to consent to the collection and processing of your Aadhaar number by Stripe India Private Limited and/or its third party verification partner(s). The purpose of this collection is to facilitate the identification verification process as required under applicable laws. Your provision of Aadhaar details is purely voluntary, and you may provide other identification documents as may be accepted by us from time to time. You will not be denied service merely for not submitting Aadhaar details.
If you have any questions or complaints regarding the processing of your Personal Data in India, or if you want to receive this Policy or communicate with us about privacy in one of India’s official languages, please
contact our Nodal and Grievance Officer
.
Learn More
. Alternatively, you may contact our DPO at dpo@stripe.com. If we are unable to address your complaint or grievance, you have the right to escalate the matter to the Data Protection Board of India.
Indonesia
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes Law No. 11 of 2008 as amended by Law No. 19 of 2016 on Electronic Information and Transactions, Government Regulation No. 71 of 2019 on the Implementation of Electronic Systems and Transactions, and Minister of Communication and Informatics Regulation No. 20 of 2016 on Personal Data Protection in Electronic Systems, and from September 2024, Law No. 27 of 2022 concerning Personal Data Protection (“PDP Law”). If you have any questions or complaints about this Policy, please contact our DPO at dpo@stripe.com.
Japan
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Act on the Protection of Personal Information (“APPI”). When we transfer Personal Data of data subjects in Japan to jurisdictions not recognized as ‘adequate’ by the Personal Information Protection Commission, we enter into written agreements with any third parties located outside of Japan. These written agreements provide rights and obligations equivalent to those provided under the Japanese Act on the Protection of Personal Information. For more information on how we ensure that third parties protect your data and where your data is located, please see above or contact us as described below. For a description of foreign systems and frameworks that may affect the implementation of equivalent measures by the third party, see
here
. In some cases, and as permitted under the APPI, we may rely on “public interest” as a legal basis, such as fraud detection and loss prevention.
Malaysia
. If you have any questions or complaints about this Policy, please contact our DPO at dpo@stripe.com.
Singapore
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Personal Data Protection Act 2012 (“PDPA”) (No. 26 of 2012) as amended from time to time. In some cases, and as permitted under the PDPA, we may rely on “deemed consent” as a legal basis. For example, we do so when you voluntarily provide your personal data to us. If you have any questions or complaints about this Policy, please contact our DPO at dpo@stripe.com.
Switzerland
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Swiss Federal Act on Data Protection (“FADP”), as revised. To exercise your rights under the FADP, please contact our DPO at dpo@stripe.com. You may also have additional rights under the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework.
Learn More
.
Thailand
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Personal Data Protection Act 2019 (“PDPA”). If we rely on certain legal bases (such as “legal obligation” or “contractual necessity” and you do not provide us with your Personal Data, we may not be able to lawfully provide you services. If you have any questions or complaints about this Policy, please contact our DPO at
dpo@stripe.com
. Where required, we have put in place appropriate safeguards for the cross-border transfer of Personal Data from Thailand, including the EU Standard Contractual Clauses as adapted for Thailand data transfers in accordance with the Notification of the Personal Data Protection Committee on Criteria for the Protection of Personal Data Sent or Transferred to a Foreign Country Pursuant to Section 29 of the Personal Data Protection Act, B.E. 2562 B.E. 2566 (2023).
United States
. If you are a consumer located in the United States (“US”), we process your personal information in accordance with US federal and state privacy laws. For additional  details, please review the information below and see our additional U.S. Privacy Disclosures
here
. Stripe uses cookies, including advertising cookies, as described in our
Cookie Policy
.
Your Rights and Choices
. As a US consumer and subject to certain limitations under US privacy laws, you may have choices regarding our use and disclosure of your Personal Data.  In addition to the
above rights
, you may also have the rights listed in this section. Please see our Privacy Center to
learn more
about data subject rights metrics and
learn more
about the laws under which these rights may apply.
Exercising the right to know: You have a right to request additional information about the categories of personal information collected, sold, disclosed, or shared; purposes for which this personal information was collected, sold, or shared; categories of sources of personal information; and categories of third parties with whom we disclosed or shared this personal information.
Exercising the right to opt-out from a sale or sharing: We do not transfer your personal data to third parties in exchange for payment. However, as noted above, we may provide the data to third party partners, such as advertising partners, analytics providers, and social networks, who assist us in advertising our products and Services to you. Because these third parties may use the data Stripe provides for their own purposes, Stripe's provision of data to these parties may be considered a data “sale” or “sharing” (for behavioral advertising) as those terms are defined under the CCPA and other applicable US privacy laws. You can opt out of targeted advertising and any related data “sales” or “sharing” (for behavioral advertising)
here
.
Exercising the right to limit the use or sharing of Sensitive Personal Information: We do not sell or share (for behavioral advertising) Sensitive Personal Information as defined by US privacy laws and have not done so in the past 12 months. Learn more about our collection and use of Sensitive Personal Information over the last 12 months
here
.
Profiling with legal or similarly significant effects
: In the event that we engage in profiling or automated decision making for which applicable law entitles you to an opt out we will provide you with notice of how to exercise that opt-out right.
Appeal
: If you wish to appeal any of our decisions regarding a rights request under US privacy laws, you may do so by contacting Stripe’s Data Protection Officer (“DPO”) at
dpo@stripe.com
.
To submit a request to exercise any of the rights described above, please contact us using the methods described in the Contact Us section below. Please note that rights under some U.S. state laws do not apply to Personal Data we collect, process, and disclose when you act as a consumer to obtain financial products or services from Stripe for personal, family, or household purposes. The federal Gramm-Leach Bliley Act may govern how Stripe shares and protects that data instead. See our
US Consumer Privacy Notice
below for more information.
We will verify your request by asking you to send it from the email address associated with your account or requiring you to provide information necessary to verify your identity, including name, address, transaction history, photo identification, and other information associated with your account.
You may designate, in writing or through a power of attorney, an authorized agent to make requests on your behalf to exercise your rights under the CCPA and other applicable US privacy laws. Your agent may submit a request on your behalf by contacting us using the methods described in the Contact Us section below. We may still require you to directly verify your identity and confirm that you gave the authorized agent permission to submit the request.
Global Privacy Control signals
. Stripe honors the Global Privacy Control (GPC) opt-out preference signals.
Learn More
.
9. Contact us
If you have any questions or complaints about this Policy, please
contact us
. If you are an End Customer (i.e., an individual doing business or transacting with a Business User), please refer to the privacy policy or notice of the Business User for information regarding the Business User’s privacy practices, choices and controls, or contact the Business User directly.
10. US Consumer Privacy Notice
The following Consumer Privacy Notice applies to you if you are an individual who resides in the United States and obtains financial services from Stripe primarily for your own personal, family, or household purposes.
Last updated: January 16, 2025
FACTS
WHAT DOES STRIPE DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information.  Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing.  Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information.  Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
• Social Security Number
• Contact details
• Account balances and transaction history
• Payment, transaction, and purchase information and history
When you are
no longer
our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
How?
All financial companies need to share customers' personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers' personal information; the reasons Stripe chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does Stripe Share?
Can you limit this sharing
For our everyday business purposes – such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
For our marketing purposes - to offer our products and Services to you
Yes
No
For joint marketing with other financial companies
Yes
No
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes - information about your transactions and experiences
Yes
No
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes - information about your creditworthiness
No
We don’t share
For our affiliates to market to you
No
We don’t share
For nonaffiliates to market to you  (for data not collected through Financial Connections)
Yes
Yes
For nonaffiliates to market to you  (for data collected through Financial Connections)
No
We don’t share
To limit our sharing
Login to your Link account at
app.link.com/settings
and toggle off data sharing from the Messaging menu.
Please note: If you are a new customer, we can begin sharing your information 30 days from the date we sent this notice. When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
However, you can contact us at any time to limit our sharing.
Questions?
Contact us at privacy@stripe.com or visit us at https://support.link.com
Who we are
Who is providing this notice?
Stripe, Inc., Stripe Payments Company, and their affiliates that provide consumers services in the U.S.
What we do
How does Stripe protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access, destruction, loss, alteration, or misuse we use security measures to comply with federal law.  These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.  We impose access controls along with ongoing monitoring to prevent data misuse, and we require our service providers to take similar steps to protect your information.
How does Stripe collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you
• open a Link account;
• ask Stripe to process a payment for goods or services;
• provide bank account information to Stripe using Financial Connections
We also collect your personal information from others, such as affiliates or other companies.
Why can’t I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only
• sharing for affiliates’ everyday business purposes — information about your creditworthiness
• affiliates from using your information to market to you
• sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you.
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing. See the Other Important Information section below for more information on your rights under state law.
What happens when I limit sharing for an account I hold jointly with someone else?
Your choices will apply to everyone on your account.
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
• Our affiliates include companies operating under the Stripe name, such as Stripe Technology Europe, Ltd. and Stripe Payments UK, Ltd.
Nonaffiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control.  They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
• Nonaffiliates with which we share personal information include service providers that perform services or functions on our behalf, Business Users with which you choose to transact, partners with which we share data to provide you with services, and advertising partners, analytics providers, and social networks, who assist us in advertising our Services to you.
Joint Marketing
A formal agreement between non-affiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.
• Our joint marketing partners include financial companies we partner with to provide you with financial services.
Other important information
Vermont: If your account with us is associated with a Vermont billing address, we will not disclose information about your creditworthiness to our affiliates and will not disclose your personal information, financial information, credit report, or health information to nonaffiliated third parties to market to you, other than as permitted by Vermont law, unless you authorize us to make those disclosures.  For joint marketing, we will only disclose your name, contact information, and information about your transactions.  Additional information concerning our privacy policies can be found in our
Privacy Policy
and
Privacy Center
.
California: If your account with us is associated with a California billing address, we will not disclose Personal Data we collect about you except to the extent permitted under California law.  For instance, we may disclose your Personal Data as necessary to process transactions or provide products and services you request, at your instruction, as required for institution risk control, and to safeguard against fraud, identity theft, and unauthorized transactions.
For additional information about our privacy practices, please visit the
Stripe Privacy Center
.