Privacy Policy and Terms of Use
Last updated and effective from: Jun 27, 2022
Your privacy and trust are critically important to us. Our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use describes the information we collect from you, how it’s collected, and what we do with it after we collect it, as well as terms of use for our applications.
We don’t share your information with anyone except to comply with the law, provide a service you request, or protect our rights. We don’t store your information on our servers unless required for the on-going operation of one of our services.
Information we collect
The only account used by our apps is your Apple ID account, used for in-app purchases and iCloud sync. We do not have access to personal information associated with your Apple ID, such as your name, email or credit card information.
If you initiate an email for support or feedback, your email address will not be used for promotional purposes.
We only store anonymous information about your use of our services, and only where deemed necessary to operate those services.
Collection details
If you enable push notifications, we must store a token in order to send them. We use notifications only for the purposes described in the app, and never for additional marketing or promotions.
Our server software may also temporarily store basic technical information in logs, such as your IP address.
Information usage
We use the information we collect to operate and improve our website, apps and customer support.
We do not share your information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to accomplish functionality of the service you request.
We may disclose information to prevent an emergency, to prevent harm to others, to respond to legal requirements, to protect or enforce our rights and policies, to protect or enforce the rights of a third party, or as required or permitted by law (including, without limitation, to comply with a subpoena or court order).
In the future, we may sell to, buy, merge with, or partner with other businesses. In such transactions, information we collect may be among the transferred assets. It is our practice to seek appropriate protection for information in these types of transactions.
Security
We implement a variety of security measures to help keep your information secure. For instance, all information transmitted between our apps and web services uses industry standard Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) to encrypt information during transmission to our servers. However, we assume no liability for any disclosure of data due to errors in transmission, unauthorized third party access or other acts of third parties, or acts or omissions beyond our reasonable control.
Exclusions
You may be able to access third party websites and services directly from our website and applications. This Privacy Policy does not apply when you access third party websites and services.
Terms applicable for inRoute
So long as you comply with these terms, we give you a limited, nonexclusive, nontransferable, revocable license to use inRoute for your own internal business or personal use and not for resale, distribution, sublicense or commercial use.
Unless the following restrictions are prohibited by law, you agree not to reverse engineer or decompile inRoute and its suppliers, attempt to do so, or assist anyone in doing so.
inRoute is provided on an “AS IS” and “WITH ALL FAULTS BASIS” and Carob Apps and its suppliers expressly disclaim all warranties, express or implied, including but not limited to, the implied warranties of non-infringement, merchantability, satisfactory quality, accuracy, title and fitness for a particular purpose. No oral or written advice or information provided by Carob Apps or any of its agents, employees or third party providers shall create a warranty, and you are not entitled to rely on any such advice or information.
You shall not use inRoute to create (or assist in the creation of) a digital map database. A “digital map database” means a database of geospatial data containing the following information and attributes: (x) road geometry and street names; or (y) routing attributes that enable turn-by-turn navigation on such road geometry; or (z) latitude and longitude of individual addresses and house number ranges.
Your use of this real time route guidance application is at your sole risk. Location data may not be accurate.
Your Consent
By using our website or apps, you consent to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
Changes to this policy
Carob Apps reserves the right to make changes to the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use at any time. The latest version will always be available from a link on the website.
Contacting Us
If you have questions regarding this privacy policy, you may email privacy@inroute.com.