Privacy Policy
We value and respect your privacy
Privacy Notice
This notice informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our apps or services along with the choices you have associated with that data. This privacy policy is applicable for websites and published apps owned and operated by Eighth Day Software, L.L.C.
Personal Data
Personal data is information that identifies you as an individual or relates to an identifiable individual.
Usage Data
Usage data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of our services or from the service infrastructure itself, for example, the duration of a page visit or task within an app.
Types of Data Collected
Neither our website nor our apps collect any personally identifiable information about you. However, we do use third party providers as advertising partners. Specifically, Google and Amazon are used in some of our apps to provide advertising services which help fund our development. These advertising partners may use cookies, mobile ad identifiers, and other similar technologies to facilitate relevant services to you, providing you with a customized experience.
The privacy policy for Google’s ad services can be found at
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
.
The privacy policy for Amazon’s ad services can be found at
https://advertising.amazon.com/legal/privacy-notice
.
We only have access to or collect information that you voluntarily give us via our website, email, or other direct contact from you. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request. Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to inform you of specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contact from us at any time. You may also contact us to see what data we have about you, if any, change or correct any data we have about you, have us delete any data we have about you, and/or express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take your privacy very seriously and take precautions to protect any and all information we have about you. When you submit sensitive information via email, our website, and/or direct contact, your information is protected both online and offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Contact
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy or have any questions/concerns, you should contact us immediately at
support@eighthdaysoftware.com
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://advertising.amazon.com/legal/privacy-notice:
Privacy Notice
Select your country to see the Privacy Notice
North America
Canada
Mexico
United States
Europe
Belgium
France
Germany
Italy
Netherlands
Poland
Spain
Sweden
Turkey
United Kingdom
Asia Pacific
Australia
India
Japan
Singapore
Middle East
Egypt
Saudi Arabia
United Arab Emirates
South America
Brazil
On this site, we use cookies and similar tools (collectively, "cookies") to provide and improve services to you and to show ads. To learn more about how Amazon Ads uses cookies, please read the
Amazon Cookies Notice.
Continue without accepting
Accept all cookies