The World Walking website requires Javascript to be enabled in your browser. Please
enable Javascript
and reload the page
Privacy Policy
Last updated: 21st November 2023
This privacy policy explains how we collect and process data received from you on our site and apps. Please read the following carefully to understand how we treat your data, and if you have any comments on this privacy policy, please email them to privacy@worldwalking.org.
This privacy policy references GDPR. For the avoidance of doubt, this relates to General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 of the European Parliament, concerning the protection of natural persons with regards to the processing of
personal data and on the free movement of such data.
Who we are
The worldwalking.org website, iOS and Android apps (collectively “World Walking”) are a free service operated by World Walking - a registered Scottish Charitable Incorporated Organisation with charity number SC046245.
Our data controller contact details are:
Our website is:
https://worldwalking.org
Our organisation is: World Walking, a registered charity in Scotland
Our Data Protection Officer is Duncan Galbraith who can be contacted on duncan@worldwalking.org
What we may collect
We may collect and process the following data about you through:
Information you put into forms and input fields on our website and mobile apps.
A record of any correspondence between us
Details of transactions you carry out through our site
Details of your visits to our site and the resources you use
Information about your computer (e.g. your IP address, browser, operating system, etc.) for system administration and to report aggregate information to our advertisers
We take the privacy and security of your data seriously, and we are bound under GDPR to ensure that your personal data is processed lawfully, fairly and transparently, without adversely affecting your rights. We will only process your personal data if at least one of the following core basis applies:
a)  you have given consent to the processing of your personal data for one or more  specific purposes;
b)  processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party or   in order to take steps at the request of you prior to entering into a contract;
c)  processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject;
d)  processing is necessary to protect the vital interests of you or of another natural     person;
e)  processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest    or in the exercise of official authority vested in the controller; and/or
f)  processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us or by    a third party such as our payment processing, except where such interests   are overridden by the fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject which     require protection of personal data, in particular where the data subject is a child.
Google Fit
Our Android app gives you the option to connect with the Google Fit health-tracking platform. We use this to collect and process your step count data, but we will only collect this data while we have your permission to do so. This feature can be disabled by you at any time and we will only attempt to collect new data while the app is running. Our use of the information received from Google Fit will adhere to the
Google API Services User Data Policy
, including the Limited Use requirements.
Cookies
The site uses cookies or similar technology to collect information about your access to the site. Cookies are pieces of information that include a unique reference code that a website transfers to your device to store and sometimes track information about you.
A few of the cookies we use last only for the duration of your web session and expire when you close your browser. Other cookies are used to remember you when you return to the site and will last for longer. All cookies used on our site are set by us.
Most computer and some mobile web browsers automatically accept cookies but, if you prefer, you can change your browser to prevent that or to notify you each time a cookie is set. You can prevent the setting of cookies by adjusting the settings on your browser. Please note however, that by blocking or deleting cookies you may not be able to take full advantage of the site.
Our cookies will be used for:
Essential session management
creating a specific log-in session for a user of the site in order that the site remembers that a user is logged in and that their page requests are delivered in an effective, secure and consistent manner;
recognising when a user of the site has visited before allowing us to identify the number of unique users we receive to the site and make sure we have enough capacity for the number of users that we get;
recognising if a visitor to the site is registered with us in any way;
we may also log information from your computer including the existence of cookies, your IP address and information about your browser program in order to allow us to diagnose problems, administer and track your usage of our site.
Functionality
customising elements of the promotional layout and/or content of the pages of the site.
Performance and measurement
collecting statistical information about how our users use the site so that we can improve the site and learn which parts are most popular to users.
How we use what we collect
We use information about you to:
Present site content effectively to you.
Allow you to use our services, if you choose to.
To help us to identify accounts and related information (e.g. walks, groups, location, settings, etc)
Tell you about other goods and services that might interest you.
If you don't want receive communication from us, please tick the relevant box that you will find on your account pages while logged in to our website or contact us.
In addition, if you don’t want us to use your personal data for any of the other reasons set out in this section, you can let us know at any time by contacting us at privacy@worldwalking.org, and we will delete your data from our systems. However,  you acknowledge this will limit our ability to provide our services to you, both now and in the future.
In some cases, the collection of personal data may be a statutory or contractual requirement, and we will be limited in the services we can provide you if you don’t provide your personal data in these cases.
Where we store your data
We may transfer your collected data to storage outside the European Economic Area (EEA). It may be processed outside the EEA in order to use our trusted third party hosting or email providers.
By giving us your personal data, you agree to this arrangement. We will do what we reasonably can to keep your data secure.
For donation payments, we do not receive or store your confidential payment method information - this is sent directly to our payment providers.
If you set or receive a login password, you must keep it confidential - please don't share it. Although we try to provide protection, we cannot guarantee complete security for your data, and you take the risk that any sending of that data turns out to be not secure despite our efforts.
We only keep your personal data for as long as we need to in order to use it as described above, and/or for as long as we have your permission to keep it. In any event, we will conduct an annual review to ascertain whether we need to keep your personal data. Your personal data will be deleted if we no longer need it.
Disclosing your information
We are allowed to disclose your information in the following cases:
If we transfer ownership of our website and apps in the future, we can disclose it to the acquirer.
We can disclose it if we have a legal obligation to do so, or in order to protect other people's property, safety or rights.
We can exchange information with others to protect against fraud or credit risks.
We may contract with third parties to supply services to you on our behalf. These may include payment processing, search engine facilities, advertising and marketing. In some cases, the third parties may require access to some or all of your data. These are the third parties that have access to your information:
Email Delivery: Postmark (postmarkapp.com)
Email Inbox: Cloud Above / SW Broadband (cloudabove.com)
Error Handling: Sentry (sentry.io)
Server Management: Laravel Forge (forge.laravel.com)
Hosting: Cloud Above / SW Broadband (cloudabove.com)
Hosting: Digital Ocean (digitalocean.com)
Hosting: UpCloud (upcloud.com)
Data Backups: Amazon Web Services (aws.amazon.com)
Analytics: Google (analytics.google.com)
Development and Support: Papertank (papertank.com)
Where any of your data is required for such a purpose, we will take all reasonable steps to ensure that your data will be handled safely, securely, and in accordance with your rights, our obligations, and the obligations of the third party under GDPR and the law.
Your rights
You can ask us not to use your data for marketing. You can do this by ticking the relevant boxes on our forms, or by contacting us at any time at privacy@worldwalking.org.
Under the GDPR, you have the right to:
request access to, deletion of or correction of, your personal data held by us at no cost to you;
request that your personal data be transferred to another person (data portability);
be informed of what data processing is taking place;
restrict processing;
to object to processing of your personal data; and
complain to a supervisory authority.
To enforce any of the foregoing rights or if you have any other questions about our site or this Privacy Policy, please contact us at privacy@worldwalking.org.
Links to other sites
Please note that our terms and conditions and our policies will not apply to other websites that you get to via a link from our site. We have no control over how your data is collected, stored or used by other websites and we advise you to check the privacy policies of any such websites before providing any data to them.
Changes
If we change our Privacy Policy, we will post the changes on this page. For new ways in which we use your data, we will email you and/or show an additional consent checkbox the next time you login or use our service.