Privacy Policy
Last Updated: January 6, 2021
Winsome Truth, Inc. (“
Minno Kids
,” “
we
,” “
our,
” or “
us
”) takes your privacy seriously. Please take a moment to review this Privacy Policy (“
Privacy Policy
”), which describes how Minno Kids collects, uses, and shares your personal information.
Minno Kids provides a subscription video service offering a selection of streaming videos, games, and other content (collectively, “
Content
”) available on the
gominno.com
website (the “
Minno
Kids
Site
”), Minno Kids affiliate and distribution partner websites (“
Distribution
Sites
”), and other websites where users may embed the Content (these websites, together with the Minno Kids Site and Distribution Sites, are referred to collectively as the “
Sites
”). Our video service, including the Content and our video player, the Minno Kids Site, and any other features, tools, applications, materials, or other services offered from time to time by Minno Kids in connection with its business on any of the apps and/or sites are referred to collectively as the “
Minno Kids Services
.” We are a company based in the United States.
By visiting the Minno Kids Site (whether or not you are a registered subscriber) or using any of the Minno Kids Services on any of the apps and sites, you agree to the collection and use of your personal data as set forth in this Privacy Policy. If you do not want information about you to be used in the manner set forth in this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Minno Kids Services or access the Minno Kids Site.
Minno Kids is intended for individuals age 18 and over. We do not accept subscriptions from or provide access to the Minno Kids Service to children under the age of 18 unless accompanied by a parent or legal guardian.
PARENTS, PLEASE NOTE
: Due to the interactive nature of our site, and in order to comply with Federal laws designed to protect your children on the Internet, Minno Kids is compliant with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA). It is the parent’s responsibility to apply such limitations on a user’s account so as to prevent them from accessing material that is deemed inappropriate for younger audiences. Minno Kids will never require your child to submit any more personal information other than what is required for activity participation.
What does this Privacy Policy cover?
The Privacy Policy applies to your information when you visit our website or otherwise use the Minno Kids Services.  We are based in the United States. The Minno Kids Services are controlled and operated by us from the United States and are not intended to subject us to the laws or jurisdiction of any state, country, or territory other than that of the United States.
The Minno Kids Services may be linked to internet websites operated by other companies. Some of these websites may be co-branded with our name or logo, even though they are not operated or maintained by us. For example, users can use the Minno Kids Services on the Distribution Sites. Minno Kids is not responsible for the privacy practices of the Distribution Sites or other websites operated by third parties that are linked to any of the Sites. Once you have left the Minno Kids Site by clicking on a link, or if you are using the Minno Kids Services on another Site, you should check the privacy policy of the other website to determine how it handles any personally identifiable information they collect from you.
What information do we collect?
Minno Kids collects personal information when you use the Minno Kids Services. Minno Kids may combine information about you that we collect with information we obtain from business partners or other companies.
When you register, we will ask for your name, email address, credit card information, and ZIP code. You may also provide your phone number. From time to time, we may also ask you optionally to provide other information. If you choose to provide such information, you are giving Minno Kids permission to use and store it consistent with this Policy.
We may also collect personally identifiable information from you if you are voluntarily submitting the information to us.
In addition, we may collect the following technical information regarding your use and interaction with the Minno Kids Services, including by using the automated tracking technologies described further below in this Privacy Policy:
Services Metadata
: When a user interacts with the Minno Kids Services, metadata is generated that provides additional context about the way you interact with the Minno Kids Services.
Log Data
: Our servers may automatically collect information about a user’s visit to our Minno Kids Services, including IP addresses and associated information, visit history, browser type and settings, the date and time the Minno Kids Services were accessed and used, information about browser configuration and plugins, language preferences.
Device Information
: Your device “
fingerprint
” (e.g., hardware model, operating system and version, unique device identifiers, and mobile network information) when you access Minno Kids Services.
Location Information
: We may receive information from you that helps approximate your location, such as using an IP address received from your browser to determine an approximate location.
In addition, Minno Kids collects information about your transactions with us and with some of our business partners.
Why does Minno Kids collect personally identifiable information about me?
We will only collect and process personally identifiable information about you where we have lawful bases. Lawful bases include consent(where you have given consent), contract (where processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you (e.g., to deliver the Services you have requested)), and our legitimate interests. Minno Kids’ use of this information includes the following general purposes: contacting you, customizing the Content and advertising you view, fulfilling your requests for products or services, improving our services, conducting research, and providing anonymous reporting for internal and external clients.
We also may obtain personally identifiable information from reputable third parties in order to further enhance your user experience with the Minno Kids Services.
How do we share your information?
We do not rent, sell, or share your Personal Information with other people or non-affiliated third parties except with your consent or as necessary to complete any transaction or provide any service you have requested or authorized.
To help us do our work, we may provide limited access to some of your Personal Information to the following parties:
Affiliates
:
We may share your information with our affiliates and/or subsidiaries.
Technology Service Providers
:
We work with a wide range of third-party providers, notably our database administrators, cloud computing services, advertising services, data analysts, application service providers, bulk SMS services, and other non-governmental organizations.
Payment Processors
:
We work with payment processors to help process credit card transactions and other payment methods made through the Minno Kids Services. These payment processors will store certain information about you. Please refer to their privacy policies to learn more about how they use your Personal Information.
Automated Tracking Technologies
We collect information through the use of “
cookies
,” web beacons/tracking pixels, log files, data analytics tools like Google Analytics, and other third-party technologies to understand how you navigate through and interact with our Minno Kids Services.
Log files track actions occurring on the Minno Kids Services and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps.
Cookies are small bits of information placed on the hard drive of your computer. Cookies remember information about your activities on a website. For example, cookies can store your session for easy sign-in to a website you have previously visited. They enable us to make your visits to the Minno Kids Site more enjoyable.
We may use cookies and similar tools to relate your use of the Minno Kids Services to personally identifiable information obtained from you or a reputable third party and to obtain anonymous aggregated data (as described below). For example, if you have asked us to send you information about our upcoming services or promotions, cookie or clickstream data about your activities using the Minno Kids Services may allow us to limit the materials we send you to items that we think you will find interesting, based on your prior online activities and preferences. You can program your computer to warn you each time a cookie is being sent or to refuse cookies altogether. However, without cookies, you will not have access to certain Minno Kids Services.
We use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use the Minno Kids Site, and you can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here:
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
.  You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
].
Do you collect anonymous aggregated data, and what do you do with it?
Anonymous data is information (originally personally identifiable or non-personally identifiable) that subsequently is used in aggregate form. We may use anonymous data for purposes of research or analysis. We may conduct research on our customer demographics, internet usage, and interests, and behavior based on the personal data we gather. Minno Kids may share this type of anonymous data with various third parties, including its affiliates, advertisers, and other current and prospective business partners. But because it is anonymous, these third parties will not be able to contact you based on this data.
Certain third-party service providers (e.g., Google Analytics) collect anonymous data for website administration and promotional purposes. This data collected through these mechanisms is anonymous, is not associated or merged with any personally identifiable information.
Do I have a choice in how Minno Kids uses my personal information?
This Privacy Policy is our primary disclosure to you of when and how your information may be used. At times, however, we may choose or be required by law to provide you with additional notice. You will be given an opportunity to notify Minno Kids how it may use your personally identifiable information (for more information on specific uses for which you will have consent rights, please refer to the section titled “
How does Minno Kids use my personally identifiable information?
”).
You may set your communication preferences through your Account page. For example, if you wish to receive additional communications relevant to you, such as alert messages about your favorite Content, you will need to elect to receive them. Therefore, please take that opportunity to review and select your preferences carefully. You can also opt-out of marketing emails by following the unsubscribe link at the bottom of the email. Whether you opt-in or opt-out of receiving communications from Minno Kids, we reserve the right to send you administrative messages, service announcements, and other similar communications without offering you the opportunity to opt-out of receiving them. This is important in case we need to communicate with you about items such as your account, website maintenance, and other non-promotional matters.
How does Minno Kids use my personally identifiable information?
We will use the personally identifiable information you provide to us in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Only if you have given Minno Kids consent, we may (i) use your personally identifiable information to provide you with information about Minno Kids’ features, services, and other offerings that may be of interest to you; or (ii) send information or offers to users on behalf of Minno Kids’ partners (please note that if we were to do this, we would not give those partners personally identifiable information such as your name or address).
We may use your geolocation data and other device data for the purposes of determining Content available in your country or location.
There may be instances when we may disclose personally identifiable information without providing you with a choice in order to protect the legal rights of Minno Kids or its affiliates and each of their respective investors, directors, officers, employees, agents, and suppliers; to protect the safety and security of users of the Minno Kids Services or to enforce our Terms of Use; to protect against fraud or for risk management purposes; or to comply with or respond to the law or legal process, whether or not legally required. If you submit a Notice of Copyright Infringement pursuant to the Terms of Use, we will send a copy to the person or entity who uploaded, stored, or transmitted the material addressed by the communication. If we sell all or part of our business, or make a sale or transfer of assets, or are otherwise involved in a merger or business transfer, we may transfer your personally identifiable information to a third party as part of that transaction.
Is the personal information collected about me secure?
We use reasonable physical, electronic, and procedural measures to safeguard personally identifiable information in our possession against loss, theft, and unauthorized use, disclosure, or modification. For example, passwords and other sensitive information are encrypted in transit.
We endeavor to limit access to personal information about you to employees whom we believe reasonably need that information to provide products or services to you or to do their jobs.
We will retain your email, name, IP history, video play data, and account login information until your account is removed or your access to the Minno Kids Services terminates.
How do we protect the privacy of children?
We are committed to protecting the privacy of children under the age of 13 (“
child
” or “
children
”). This Policy is in accordance with the U.S. Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“
COPPA
”) and outlines our practices in the United States and Latin America regarding children’s personal information. For more information about COPPA and general tips about protecting children’s online privacy, please visit
OnGuard Online
(https://www.consumer.ftc.gov/features/feature-0038-onguardonline). If you have questions or concerns about our privacy practices, please contact us at
support@gominno.com
What information do we collect from children, how do we use it, and how and when do we communicate with parents?
Minno Kids offers users various sites and applications, some of which target children. Below, please find summaries of certain potential instances when we may collect information about your child and when we will provide parental notice and/or seek parental consent to collect such information. If we discover that we collected information from a child in a manner that is inconsistent with COPPA, we will immediately delete the information and seek the parent’s consent for that specific collection.
Registration:
Children can, in many cases, register with our sites and applications to view Content, play games, participate in contests, and engage in special features, among other things. During the registration process, we may ask the child to provide certain information for notification and security purposes, including a parent or guardian’s email address, the child’s first name, and gender, the child’s member or account username and password. We also may ask for birth dates from children to validate their ages. We strongly advise children never to provide any personal information in their usernames. Please note that children can choose whether to share their information with us, but certain features cannot function without it. As a result, children may not be able to access certain features if required information has not been provided. We will not require a child to provide more information than is reasonably necessary in order to participate in an online activity.
About the collection of parent email address: Consistent with the requirements of COPPA, on any child-targeted site or application, or in any instance where we ask for age and determine the user is age 12 or under, we will ask for a parent or guardian email address before we collect any personal information from the child. If you believe your child is participating in an activity that collects personal information and you or another parent/guardian have NOT received an email providing notice or seeking your consent, please feel free to contact us
support@gominno.com
. We will not use parent emails provided for parental consent purposes to market to the parent unless the parent has expressly opted in to email marketing or has separately participated in an activity that allows for such email contact.
About Verifiable Parental Consent:
Email Consent
. If we wish to collect personal information from a child, COPPA requires that we first seek a parent or guardian’s consent by email. In the email, we will explain what information we are collecting, how we plan to use it, how the parent can provide consent, and how the parent can revoke consent. If we do not receive parental consent within a reasonable time, we will delete the parent’s contact information and any other information collected from the child in connection with that activity.
High-Level Consent
. If we collect personal information from a child that will be posted publicly, we will seek a higher level of consent than email consent. Such “high-level” methods of consent include but are not limited to asking for a credit card or other payment method for verification (with a nominal charge involved), speaking to a trained customer service representative by telephone or video chat, or requiring a signed consent form by mail, email attachment, or fax. After providing high-level consent, a parent may have the opportunity to use a pin or password in future communications to confirm the parent’s identity.
Contests and Sweepstakes:
For contests and sweepstakes, we typically require only the information necessary for a child to participate, such as first name (to distinguish among family members) and parent email address (to notify the parent where required by law). We only contact the parent for more personalized information for prize-fulfillment purposes when the child wins the contest or sweepstakes.
Of course, some contests and sweepstakes ask the child to submit their own created Content along with the child’s entry. In those instances, we may require parental consent prior to submission.
Push Notifications:
Push notifications are notifications on mobile and other devices that are typically associated with downloaded applications and which can communicate to the device holder even when the application is not in use. We will require a child to provide a parent email address before the child can receive push notifications from our child-directed applications that collect a device identifier. We will then provide the parent with notice of our contact with the child and will provide the parent with the opportunity to prevent further notifications. Finally, we will not associate the device identifier with other personal information without contacting the parent to get consent.
Geolocation Data:
If a child-directed Minno Kid’s site or application collects geolocation information that is specific enough to equate to the collection of a street address, we will first seek parental consent via email.
Persistent Identifiers:
When children interact with us, certain information may automatically be collected, both to make our sites and applications more interesting and useful to children and for various purposes related to our business. Examples include the type of computer operating system, the child’s IP address or mobile device identifier, the web browser, the frequency with which the child visits various parts of our sites or applications, and information regarding the online or mobile service provider. This information is collected using technologies such as cookies, flash cookies, web beacons, and other unique identifiers. This information may be collected by Minno Kids or by a third party. This data is principally used for internal purposes only, in order to:
provide children with access to features and activities on our sites and applications
customize Content and improve our sites and applications
conduct research and analysis to address the performance of our sites and applications
generate anonymous reporting for use by us
In the event we collect (or allow others to collect) such information from children on our sites and applications for other purposes, we will notify parents and obtain consent prior to such collection.
Please contact us at the mailing address, email, or phone number below with questions about the operators’ privacy policies and collection and use practices:
Attention: Legal Department
Winsome Truth, Inc.
818 18th Avenue S., 10th Floor
Nashville, TN 37203
Tel: 615-463-5039
Fax: (615) 297-5020
Email:
support@gominno.com
What happens when Minno Kids changes its Privacy Policy?
From time to time, Minno Kids may revise this Privacy Policy to reflect industry initiatives or changes in the law or to the scope of the Minno Kids Services, among other reasons. Any revisions will be effective upon posting the new Privacy Policy on the Minno Kids Site at
https://www.gominno.com/privacy
. Therefore, it is important to check the effective date of the Privacy Policy posted at this location each time you visit the Minno Kids Site or use any of the Minno Kids Services to ensure you are familiar with the most updated policies and practices. If you do not agree with any changes to the Privacy Policy, you must leave the Minno Kids Site and discontinue any use of the Minno Kids Services. Any visit to the Minno Kids Site or use of the Minno Kids Services on any of the Sites by you after the new Privacy Policy is posted will indicate your agreement to the new Policy.
Whom can I contact if I have concerns about this Privacy Policy?
If you have concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, including if you believe that Minno Kids may have incorrect information for you or if you would like your personally identifiable information to be permanently removed from our database, you may email us via our customer service email form here. You may also contact using the Legal Department contact information provided above.
Notice to California Residents
If you are a California resident, you may have certain additional rights. California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits you to request information regarding the disclosure of your personal information by us to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. California Business and Professions Code Section 22581 permits registered users who are minors to request and obtain deletion of certain posted Content. To make such a request, please contact us using the Legal Department contact information provided above.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.