PRIVACY POLICY
ZEEPPO GAMES LTDA.
​
By installing, using, registering to, or otherwise accessing our services, you agree to this Privacy Policy and give explicit and informed consent to the processing of your personal data in accordance with this policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not install, use, register to, or otherwise access the services. Your continued use of the services will signify your acceptance of any changes to this Privacy Policy.
1. Information Collection
We collect the following types of information:
Personal Information: This may include your device ID and habits of usage of our games.
Usage Data: We collect data on how you interact with our Applications, such as game progress, levels achieved, and interactions with game elements.
Device Information: Information about your device, including hardware model, operating system version, unique device identifiers, and mobile network information.
2. Use of Information
The information we collect is used for the following purposes:
To provide and improve our Applications.
To personalize your gaming experience.
To communicate with you about game updates, new products, and promotional offers, if you opt-in.
To enforce our terms, conditions, and policies.
3. Information Sharing
We may share your information with:
Service providers who assist us in operating the Applications, conducting our business, or serving our users, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential.
Affiliates, in which case we will require them to honor this Privacy Policy.
Third parties if we believe disclosure is necessary to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property, or safety.
4. Advertising
This app includes adverts. Companies that display ads on our products may have access to your usage habits only to serve ads that best serve the user.
5. Data Security
We take the following precautions to make sure it cannot be accessed or altered: Industry standard internal security protocols.
6. Children’s Privacy
Our Applications are aimed at people over the age of 13 and do not intentionally target or solicit to children under the age of 13.
7. Your Rights and Control
Apps and Games by Zeeppo do not allow you to access, amend, and/or delete your data.
8. Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
9. Contact Us
All questions, comments, or enquiries should be directed to Zeeppo at
support@zeeppo.com
. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.
< Back