Find us on Facebook
YouTube Channel
Follow us on Twitter
Home
|
True Surf
|
True Skate
|
Jet Car Stunts 2
|
Jet Car Stunts
|
Space Tripper
|
True Axis Physics SDK
Contact
Jet Car Stunts 2
|
Support: iOS
|
Support: Android
|
Privacy Policy
Jet Car Stunts 2 Privacy Policy
In the process of providing connectivity services, we may collect various information during your usage of the game Jet Car Stunts 2 as describe below.
You may op out of data collection on the login screen by either (a) unchecking all the check boxes then pressing "Play", or by (b) pressing the "skip login" button. By opting out, you will not have access to all of the connectivity features of the game Jet Car Stunts 2.
DELETE USER DATA
If you would like to delete your personal data, email support@trueaxis.com. Note you will be subject to our ability to reasonably verify your identity.
	  Please be prepared to provide us with identifying information such as Player ID so we can match against our records in order to confirm you are the rightful account holder.
THIRD PARTY SERVICES
Jet Car Stunts 2 may make use of Third Party Services, which are services that are not under our control, such as Facebook and Google AdMob. Google AdMob may use a device ID to better serve ads to targeted audiences. Ads can be disabled by making any In-App Purchase. For additional details, we encourage you to seek and check Third Party Services privacy policies yourself. You too acknowledge that we are not liable when Third Party Services use information you provide to them.
PERSONAL IDENTIFIABLE DATA
If you check the Facebook Connect box, we may collect your Facebook ID, and your Facebook name. Your Display Name will be changed to your Facebook name, but you have the option to change this. Other users of Jet Car Stunts 2 will be able to see your Display Name.
In the future, we may allow other users of Jet Car Stunts 2 to see your Facebook ID in leaderboards where you have posted a score, but we will give the option to opt out.
DEVICE INFORMATION
Where allowed, we may collect data to identify your device for the purpose of security. We may also collect information about your devices hardware for the purpose of improving the quality of our games. Your personal Device Information will not be shared with other users.
LOCATION DATA
If permission is given, we may collect your precise geographical location for the purpose of displaying leaderboards of other users local to you. Any scores you post on our leaderboards may allow other users to know that you are local to them. Other users will not be able to know your precise location.
USEAGE DATA
We may collect data on how frequently you play the game. This will not be made available to other other users of Jet Car Stunts 2.
SCORES AND RECORDED PLAY DATA
We may collect your scores, and recorded play data for the purpose of global leaderboards with replays. This data will be shared with other users and attached to your Display Name.
OTHER PRIVATE DATA
We will not collect any other private data such as phone numbers or addresses.
SHARING YOUR DATA WITH OTHER PARTIES
We may use your usage data, and approximate location, and Device Information to help generate aggregated Usage Statics for the game Jet Car Stunts 2 across all users. No Personal Identifiable data, Display Names or individual data will be retained in these Usage Statistics. We may share these Usage Statistics with other parties for any reason.
DATA SECURITY
We take reasonable steps to secure your data against unauthorised access or disclosure. We encrypt transmission of data. However, no security or encryption method can be guaranteed to protect information from hackers or human error.
Information we collect may be stored or processed on computers located in any country where we do business.
EXCEPTIONS
It may be the case that we will be required to provide some or all of your collected information to a 3rd party by law. In this case we comply with the law. We may also provide any of your information to any 3rd party if you give us expressed permission to do so.
accounts@trueaxi.com
sales2@trueaxis.com
sales3@trueaxis.com
sales4@trueaxi.com
contracto@trueaxis.com
red@trueaxis.co
sed@trueaxis.co
sales@trueskate.org
connect@trueskate.org
sales@trueskate.com.tv
connect@trueskate.co.uk
sales@trueskate.net
connect@trueskate.net