Year of Code
Steps
Contact
STEPS - ACTIVITY TRACKER
PRIVACY POLICY
Last updated:
October 18
,
			2020
Welcome to
Steps - Activity Tracker!
Steps - Activity Tracker
is owned and operated
			by
Year of Code, LLC.
To make this Policy easier to
			read, we will sometimes
			refer to
Year of Code,
LLC (including our directors,
			officers, members, managers, employees, service providers, affiliates, successors and assigns) as
			‘
Year of
			Code
”, “our”, “we”, or “us”; and we
			will refer to user(s) of the Service (including you) as “you” or “User(s)”. Certain
			portions of this Policy may
			apply differently depending on how you use the Service.
This Policy describes the types of information we may collect from you when you
			access or use the
Steps - Activity Tracker
mobile
			application (the
			“
App
”), or when you use or interact
			with any other products, applications, or features provided by us through the App (collectively, the
			“
Service
”). This policy also explains
			our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information.
If you do not agree with this Policy, you should not use the Service. This Policy
			may change from time to time. We will notify you of significant changes, such as changes that affect how you
			can use or interact
			with the Service, or changes that affect how we process or share your personal data. However, it is your
			responsibility to check this Policy periodically for updates.
WE BELIEVE PRIVACY IS IMPORTANT
We understand the value
of
privacy
when it comes to your personal data, so we have designed
			the App with privacy in mind.
			Specifically, most of your personal data is stored within the App on your local device, and is only
			accessible by you through your device. You should keep in mind that most of your personal data is only
			stored within the App on your device; so,
			if you delete the App, you are also deleting your data and we cannot recover your data after you have
			deleted the App. Keep reading for more details about what information and data we collect in connection with
			the Service and how we use and
			share that data.
TYPES OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT & HOW WE COLLECT IT
We, along with certain third-party companies or individuals with whom we work, may
			collect information directly and voluntarily from you when you use the Service or contact us directly. We
			collect both personal
			information and non-personal information, depending on how you use the Service and what information you
			provide to us.
Personal Information.
Personal Information is
			generally any information that can be used to identify you individually, either by itself or in conjunction
			with other
			information
. The table below contains examples of Personal Information we may
			collect and how we collect it, depending on how you use the Service.
Category of Data
Specific Examples
How is it collected?
Contact Information
Name, Phone number, Email address, Postal address, IP
							Address
Directly from you when you send it to us directly (eg, through a
							support request)
Health Information
Height, Weight, Date of birth, Biological sex
Directly from you when you provide it through the App
Workout & Activity Information
Workout data, Total steps taken, Total stairs climbed or
							descended, Heart rate, other physical activity metrics
Directly from you when you provide it through the App and/or
							automatically by the App when you use the App
Location Information
User location, Distance traveled, Recorded route of a walk or
							run
Automatically by the App when you are using the App, but only if
							you have agreed to location collection
Non-Personal Information
.
Non-Personal Information includes information that is about you or about your use of the
			Service but does not identify you
			personally. Sometimes, Non-Personal information may be considered Personal Information if it is or can be
			linked with other information to identify you.
The table below contains examples of Personal Information we may collect and
			how we collect it, depending on how you use the Service.
Category of Data
Specific Examples
How is it collected?
Device Information
IP Address, Phone carrier name and country, Language preference,
							Time zone,
V
endor identifier, Advertising
							identifier
Automatically by the App and/or Third-Party Analytics Tools we
							use in connection with providing the Service
Usage & Analytics Information
Usage details and data, device and crash log information; Date
							and time of user requests; Diagnostic information about the App’s functionality
Automatically by the App and/or Third-Party Analytics Tools we
							use in connection with providing the Service
Please keep in mind that some of the types of information listed in the table
			above as Non-Personal Information may be considered Personal Information if it is or can be linked with
			other information to identify
			you.
The preceding
examples
of
P
ersonal
I
nformation and
N
on-
P
ersonal
			Information we may collect are illustrative, not exhaustive. All information we collect from you depends on
			how you use and interact with
			us and the Service.
Automatic Data Collection,
Third Party Tools,
and How We Use Them
.
We may use automatic
			data collection
			technologies and analytics tools
(such as
Google
Firebase and Microsoft App Center
)
to
			collect information from your
			device
regarding your equipment,
functionality of the
			App,
browsing actions,
and
			patterns when you access, use, and interact with the Service. The information we collect automatically is
			statistical data, and generally does not include personal information. We use this information to gain
			insights about the functionality and
			use of the Service in order to improve the Service.
A Note About Location Information
. The App is inherently
			designed to collect and track your location information in order to carry out its primary function, which is
			to provide you with
			accurate information regarding your steps and physical activity.
Use location may
			also be tracked in connection with our use of automatic data collection technologi
es,
such as Google
Firebase
.
You can turn off location tracking through your device settings or
			simply delete the App if you do not want to allow for location
			tracking.
If you turn off your the location tracking capability through your device
			settings, you will still be able to use some features of the App, including the basic step counter, but you
			will not be able to track or
			map the route you travel while working out or walking.
WE DO NOT COLLECT INFORMATION FROM MINORS
We do not knowingly solicit data from or market to children under 1
8
years of age. We
do not have actual
			knowledge that we sell any
			personal information of minors.
By using the Service, you represent that you are
			at least 18, or that you are the parent or guardian of a minor who is at least 13 years old, and you consent
			to and supervise such minor
			dependent’s use of the App. If we learn that personal information from users less than 13 years of age
			has been collected, we will deactivate the account and take reasonable measures to promptly delete such data
			from our records. If you
			become
aware of any data we have collected from children under age 13, please
			contact us at
privacy@yearofcode.com.
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
We use personal information collected via the Service for a variety of business
			purposes described below. We process your personal information for these purposes in reliance on our
			legitimate business interests
			("
Business Purposes
"), in order to enter
			into or perform a contract with you ("
Contractual
"), with your
			consent ("
Consent
"), and/or for
			compliance with our legal obligations ("
Legal Reasons
"). We indicate the
			specific processing grounds we rely on next to each purpose listed below.
We use the information we collect or receive:
To create
your account
and
			facilitate the
account setup
process with your
			Consent.
We use the information you provide us, such as your contact information,
			to facilitate account creation and logon if you decide to create an account.
To facilitate your interactions with the Service for Contractual and Business
			Purposes.
We use the information you provide to us and/or information that
is
			collected automatically through the App
in order to facilitate your use of
			the Service. For example, the primary purpose of the App is to provide you
with
			information about the total number
			of steps you have taken in a given time period, so we use the information we collect to do just that.
To respond to inquiries you submit to us with your Consent.
We use the information you provide to us directly through electronic forms on the
A
pp, such as your contact information, to respond to any inquiries or
			requests you submit to us. Please note, by submitting a request or inquiry to us through the App, or via
			email, you are consenting to us using
			your information to respond directly to you regarding the request or inquiry.
To send administrative information to you for Business Purposes and/or possibly
			for Contractual Purposes.
We may use your personal information to send you
			product, service and new
			feature information, as well as information about changes to our terms, conditions, and policies.
Deliver targeted advertising to you for our Business Purposes
. We may use your information to develop and display content and advertising tailored to your
			interests and/or location and
			to measure its effectiveness.
Please see below for more information about
			third-party advertising through
our App, and how you can adjust your device
			settings in relation to third-party
			advertisements.
To send you marketing and promotional communications for Business
			Purposes.
We
may use the
			personal information you send to us
			for our marketing purposes, if this is in accordance with your marketing preferences. You can opt out of our
			marketing emails (if and when we send any marketing emails) at any time by clicking the unsubscribe button
			at the bottom of the
			email.
To post testimonials with your Consent.
We may
in the future
post testimonials on our App that may contain personal
			information. Prior
			to posting a testimonial, we will obtain your consent to use your name and testimonial. If you wish to
			update or delete your testimonial, please contact us at
privacy@yearofcode.com
and be
			sure to include your name, testimonial location, and contact information.
To protect the Service for Business Purposes and/or for Legal Reasons
. We may use your information as part of our efforts to keep our App safe and secure (for
			example, for fraud
			monitoring and prevention) and to enforce our terms, conditions, and policies.
To respond to legal requests and prevent harm for Legal Reasons
. If we receive a subpoena or other legal request, we may need to inspect the data we hold to
			determine how to
			respond.
For other Business Purposes
. We may use your
			information for other Business Purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, requesting
			feedback from you regarding the
			Service, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and to evaluate and improve the Service
			and your experience.
HOW WE SHARE INFORMATION WITH OTHERS
We share and disclose your information in the following situations:
Third-Party Advertisers
. We may share your data with
			third parties who pay us to provide advertising that you see through the App. The data we share with third
			party advertisers
			typically includes device data, such as
an advertising identifier (which is
			generated from your device and can be reset by you through your device), the ios software version that is
			operating on your device, your device
			model, language settings, network connection type, and wireless carrier
.
You can adjust the settings in your device to opt out of interest-based advertising. Please see
			the instructions
			provided by Apple to opt out of interest-based advertising:
https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT202074
Vendors, Consultants and Other Third-Party Service Providers
. We may share your data with third party vendors, service providers, contractors or agents
			who perform services for us or on
			our behalf and require access to such information to do that work. Examples i
nclude:
data analysis, hosting services, customer service and marketing
			efforts
.
Unle
ss described in this Policy, we do not share, sell, rent or trade any of your information with
			third parties for their promotional purposes. This list is
			an example of some of our technology providers, but is not exhaustive and is subject to
change from time to time.
•
Google
				Analytics
•
Amazon
				Web Services
•
Zendesk
Vital Interests and Legal Rights
. We may disclose your
			information where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding potential
			violations of our policies,
			suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person and illegal activities,
			or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.
Business Transfers
. We may share or transfer your
			information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or
			acquisition of all or a
			portion of our business to another company. Any information we share for this purpose will usually be in
			de-identified form.
With your Consent
. We may disclose your personal
			information for any other purpose with your consent.
OUR DATA RETENTION PRACTICES
Most of your data is stored locally within the App on your device.
We do retain information received as part of support requests and
			usage of the App.
We may also retain and use your Personal Information as necessary to satisfy any legal
			requirements, including enforcing our rights and agreements and resolving disputes.
W
e
may
not
			delete
data that has been rendered completely
			anonymous or maintained in de-identified, aggregated form with data of
			other users (such as usage trend reports or other an
alytics data
).
Since most of your information is not backed up to our servers and
			is instead only accessible through
			the App on your device, you may lose all of your data if you delete the App, and we cannot recover any data
			that was stored solely within the App on your device before you deleted it.
To determine the appropriate retention period for Personal Information, we
			consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from
			unauthorized use or disclosure of
			your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those
			purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
OUR DATA SECURITY PRACTICES
We implement security measures designed to protect your information from
			unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. We protect your information from potential security breaches by
			implementing
			certa
in technological security measures including
encryption
			and secure socket layer technology
, among
other
			measures
.
H
owever, these
			measures do not guarantee that your information will not be accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed by
			breach of such firewalls and secure server software. By using
			our Service, you acknowledge that you understand and agree to assume these risks, and
Year of Code
shall not be responsible for the circumvention of
			any of the Service’s privacy
			settings or security measures.
YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS
We
strive
to provide
			transparency, security, and accessibility when it comes to your personal data.
You may request a copy of your personal data from us at any time. You may also
			request information regarding: (1) the categories of personal information we have collected about
			you
and categories of sources from which we collected such
			information
; (2)
specific pieces of personal information
			we have collected about you;
(
3
)
categories of personal information
			that we have disclosed to third parties for a business purpose, and the categories of
			third-party recipients to whom this information was disclosed; (4) categories of personal information we
			have sold (as that term is defined by the CCPA), and the categories of third parties to whom the information
			was sold, if applicable; and
			(5) our business or commercial purposes for collecting or selling
personal information.
We will need to verify that you are the individual about whom the requested
			information relates before we provide specific information to you. If you request a copy of your data, and
			we can complete the
			verification process described in more detail below, we will provide you a copy in a structured, electronic
			format. Please see the section below called “Exercising Your Rights & Request Verification”
			for more
			details.
You may also request that your personal data be corrected if you believe it is
			incorrect or incomplete, or that it be deleted entirely. We will delete your personal data upon your request
			if you send us a
			request with a description of the basis for your request; however, we may first restrict processing of your
			data as permitted under applicable law in order to assess your request prior to any deletion of
			data.
We may
			also instruct you to delete the App if you wish to delete data that is stored solely on the App and
			accessible solely through your device.
Finally, you may object to our processing of your personal data, or request that
			we restrict the processing of your personal data. If you request that we restrict processing of your data,
			we will stop processing
			your data, but it may impact our ability to provide the Service to you, and we may still store your data as
			permitted under applicable law pending an assessment of your request.
We may not be able to delete your personal data except by also deleting your
			account, if applicable. We may not be able to accommodate a request to change or delete information if the
			change would violate any
			law or legal requirement, or if such change would cause the information to be incorrect.
You may revoke consent to our processing activities that are based on your
			consent, if and when applicable. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain
			products or services to you. We
			will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area and you believe we are
			unlawfully processing your personal information, you also have the right to complain to your local data
			protection supervisory
			authority. You can find their contact details here:
			http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.htm
If you fail to provide personal information when it is required by law or
			necessary for us to perform our obligations under a contract with you, we may not be able to perform the
			contract.
Among the rights described above, you also have the right to
			non-discrimination, which means we will not charge you different prices or provide different quality of
			services if you choose to exercise your
			rights, unless those differences are related to your personal information.
Exercising Your Rights & Requesting Verification
You do not need to create an account with us to exercise your rights to opt out,
			obtain your personal information, or request that we delete your information. However, we may ask you to
			provide additional
			personal information so that we can properly identify you to respond to your request. We will only use
			personal information that you provide in connection with an information and/or deletion request in order to
			review and comply with your
			request, and to track compliance with your request. If you choose not to provide this information, we may
			only be able to process your request to the extent we are able to identify you in our data systems.
In order to verify any requests you submit to receive or delete your
			information,
you must contact us by using the “Get Help” link in the
			settings page of the
			App
. We may ask for additional information if needed in order to complete the
			verification if we cannot verify you without additional information
. You can
			submit a request by sending us an email
			with your name
, email address, and a brief description regarding your request.
			Please submit all requests to
privacy@yearofcode.com
with
the subject line
			“Privacy Request.”
You may also request that we do not sell your personal information, as defined by California law, at
https://yearofcode.com/steps/do-not-sell/
.
You may also designate an authorized agent to make requests on your behalf. In
			order to respond to a request from an authorized agent, the authorized agent must provide sufficient
			evidence to demonstrate that
			the requestor is an authorized agent with written permission to act on your behalf.
In certain circumstances, we may decline a request described above, particularly
			if we suspect fraudulent activity and/or if we are unable to verify your identity. If we are unable to
			comply with all or a
			portion of your request, we will explain the reasons for declining to comply with the request.
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES AND SERVICES
As part of the Service, we may provide links to or compatibility with other
			websites or applications. However, we are not responsible for the privacy practices employed by those
			websites or the information or
			content they contain. This Policy applies solely to information collected by us through the Service.
			Therefore, this Policy does not apply to your use of a third party website accessed by selecting a link on
			our Site or otherwise via our
			Service. To the extent that you access or use the Service through or on another website or application, then
			the privacy policy of that other website or application will apply to your access or use of that site or
			application. We encourage our
			users to read the privacy statements of other websites or integrations before proceeding to use them.
WE MAY UPDATE THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may update this privacy policy from time to time. The updated version will be
			indicated by an updated “Revised” date and the updated version will be effective as soon as it
			is accessible. If we
			make material changes to this privacy policy, we may notify you either by prominently posting a notice of
			such changes or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to review this privacy policy
			frequently to be informed of how we
			are protecting your information.
CONTACT US
You have the right to make a complaint at any time to your local data protection
			authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under applicable law. We would, however, appreciate the
			chance to address
			your concerns so please contact us first so that we can discuss a resolution with you directly.
If you have questions or comments about the Service, this Policy, or any of our
			other policies, you may email us a
t
privacy@yearofcode.com
.
Our full details are:
Legal entity:
Year of Code, LLC
Email address:
privacy@yearofcode.com