Santa Spy Cam iOS App User Data & Privacy Policy
SANTA SPY CAM iOS APP USER DATA & PRIVACY POLICY v2.0
October 25, 2022
BELIEVEin LLC (“Developer”) provides this User Data & Privacy Policy (“Policy”) to inform users about policies and procedures regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personally identifiable information.
THIS IS A LEGAL AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU AND DEVELOPER. APPLE INC. IS NOT A PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT. DEVELOPER, NOT APPLE, IS SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR THE SOFTWARE AND THE CONTENT HEREOF. PLEASE READ THIS POLICY CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE APPLICATION SOFTWARE (“APPLICATION “). BY USING THE APPLICATION, YOU ARE AGREEING TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS LICENSE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS POLICY, DO NOT CLICK THE “I AGREE” BUTTON. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS POLICY, DO NOT INSTALL OR USE ANY PART OF THE SOFTWARE.
Information Collection
When you register with us and use the services, you provide information about yourself. Depending on how you use the services, such information that you provide to us may include: (a) your name, email address, age, user name, password and other registration information; (b) your interaction with the Services and advertisements; (c) transaction-related information, such as when you respond to any offers, or download or use applications from Developer; (d) information you provide us when you contact us for help; (e) information you enter into our system when using the services, such as contact information and project management information.
In addition, Developer may collect certain information that cannot be used to personally identify any user, and may be provided to third parties. Such non-personal data ordinarily includes aggregate, summary, or other usage data such as statistics regarding total users, information regarding cellular provider, usage patterns, etc. Developer may collect non-personal data about users to help diagnose problems with our software, and to administer our services.
Developer does not access or store information that you have saved on your mobile device such as contacts and appointments. Although in order to provide the services, Developer’s mobile applications may interact with some features on your mobile device, such as your social network accounts and e-mail applications, all processing occurs on the mobile device itself, and no information is transferred to Developer.
Information Usage
Developer may track usage data and user traffic patterns throughout an application to improve the content of our and the quality of our service. Developer may use your information (a) to deliver the services and features desired by you, (b) to improve our services to you, (c) to personalize content and offers that may be of interest to you, (d) to respond to your inquiries, and (e) to fulfill your service requests.
Developer may work with advertisers and third party advertising networks, who need to know how you interact with advertising provided in the Application that helps us keep the cost of the Application low. Advertisers and advertising networks may use some of the information collected by the Application, including, but not limited to, the unique identification ID of your mobile device or your mobile telephone number. These third parties may also obtain anonymous information about other applications you’ve downloaded to your mobile device, the mobile websites you visit, your non-precise location information (e.g., your zip code), and other non- precise location information in order to help analyze and serve anonymous targeted advertising on the Application and elsewhere. Developer may also share encrypted versions of information you have provided in order to enable Developer partners to append other available information about you for analysis or advertising related use.
Developer does not share personal identifying information collected on the Services, including email addresses, with third parties for their direct marketing or solicitation.
Developer may disclose your personally identifiable information if Developer reasonably believes we are required to do so by law, regulation or other government authority or to protect our rights and property or the rights and property of the public. Developer may also cooperate with law enforcement agencies in any official investigation and we may disclose your personally identifiable information to the relevant agency in doing so.
Content Usage
All content and information posted by you to the App is owned by you. However, by using the App you grant Developer non-exclusive, transferable, sub-licensable, royalty-free, worldwide license to use any Intellectual Property like photo and video content that you post on or in connection with Developer’s applications or affiliated organizations.
Third Party Applications
The services may include links or otherwise allow you to access and submit information to third-party applications or sites. This Policy applies to the Application and services only. Any information you submit to linked sites or other applications will be subject to the privacy policies of those sites or applications.
Children
Developer does not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should contact us at:
support@santaspycam.com
. Developer will delete such information from our files within a reasonable time.
Security
Developer requires physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect personal information about you. Developer limits access to personal information about you to authorized employees who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our services.
Changes
This Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason; each version will apply to information collected while it was in place. The changes shall take effect after we post or otherwise notify you about the changes. You are advised to consult this Policy regularly for any changes.
Acquisition
Developer reserves the right to transfer your personal information in the event of a transfer of ownership of Developer, such as an acquisition by or merger with another company. If an acquiring company should plan to materially change this privacy policy, we will notify you beforehand.
Questions, complaints, or claims related to this Policy should be directed to:
support@santaspycam.com