Privacy Notice
Board Intelligence Ltd (BI)
is a company registered in England and Wales that offers a SaaS platform and professional services that help businesses to have better and more informed board meetings. BI is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This notice (together with our website terms of use and any other documents referred to in it) sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect (here, by phone, by email or otherwise), will be processed by us. We will only collect and use personal data in ways that are described here and in a manner that is consistent with our obligations and your rights under the law. Please read the following carefully to understand our practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it. To help you navigate this notice, please click on any of the links below to move to the section of the notice that you are interested in:
Definitions
Your Rights
What Data Do We Collect?
How Do We Use Your Data?
How And Where Do We Store Your Data?
Do We Share Your Data?
How Can You Control Your Data?
Your Right To Withhold Information
How Can You Access Your Data?
Our Use Of Cookies
Contacting Us
Changes To This Privacy Notice
1. Definitions
In this notice, the following terms have the following meanings:
“Cookie” means a small text file placed on your computer or device by us or a third party when you visit certain parts of our website and/or when you use certain features of our website;
“data controller” means the natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of personal data;
“DPL” means all applicable data protection and privacy legislation in force from time to time in the UK including: the General Data Protection Regulation ((EU) 2016/679) as it forms part of the law of England and Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland; the Data Protection Act 2018; the Privacy and Electronic Communications Directive 2002/58/EC (as updated by Directive 2009/136/EC) and the Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations 2003 (SI 2003/2426);
“personal data” means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (a ‘data subject’); an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person; and
“we/us/our” means Board Intelligence Ltd, the data controller for the purposes of this notice.
2. Your Rights
2.1 As a data subject, you have the following rights under the GDPR, which this notice and our use of personal data have been designed to uphold:
The right to be informed about our collection and use of personal data;
The right of access to the personal data we hold about you (see section 9);
The right to rectification if any personal data we hold about you is inaccurate or incomplete (please contact us using the details in section 11);
The right to be forgotten (subject to any exceptions outlined in the DPL);
The right to restrict (i.e. prevent) the processing of your personal data;
The right to data portability (i.e. obtaining a copy of your personal data to re-use with another service or organisation) where processing is automated and based on consent or the performance of a contract;
The right to object to us using your personal data for particular purposes; and
Rights with respect to automated decision making and profiling.
2.2 If you have any cause for complaint about our use of your personal data, please contact us using the details provided in this notice and we will do our best to resolve the problem for you. If we are unable to help, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with the UK’s supervisory authority, the Information Commissioner’s Office.
3. What Data Do We Collect?
We may collect and process personal data and non-personal data (such as contact data, financial data, transaction data, technical data, profile data, usage data, marketing and communications data) depending on the purpose of the processing:
When you visit our Website
Depending upon your use of our website, we may collect personal and non-personal data from you directly (e.g. when you sign up to an event) or via Cookies or web beacons (please also see section 10 on our use of Cookies and similar technologies) including: name; business/company name; job title; contact information such as email addresses and telephone numbers; your log-in information; time-zone; demographic information such as post code, preferences and interests; IP address; web browser type and version; web browser plug-in type and version; operating system; a list of URLs starting with a referring site and the site you exit to; your activity on our website including date and time; content you viewed or searched for; page response times, download errors, length of visits to the website, page interaction information (such as pages viewed, scrolling and clicks) and methods used to browse away from the page.
When we provide our services
We will process contact and verification data including your name, title, surname, address, email address, IP address and telephone number in order to manage your account and to provide you with services and support as described in our contract - this will include sharing some personal data (such as your name and IP address) with our third party sub-processors, details of which can be found
here
. We may also process client IP addresses, audit logs (which may include personal data), interaction and user data in order to validate and monitor access to our service and to provide service data to enable our clients and users to get the, out of our service. If you purchase Lucia (our report writing tool), your organisation will have the option to enable AI within that tool, for live feedback and real-time prompts to improve your writing. Before the AI in Lucia is enabled, we provide our ‘AI explainer’ document to clients, which details how data (including personal data) is processed by the AI. We also provide an on-screen notice to all users within the AI tool, which includes a link to the ‘AI explainer’ document, before individual users can use the AI. This notice does not override or supersede the provisions in our contract that describe how we use personal data.
When we undertake sales and marketing activities
We may process your data in connection with our sales and marketing activities, for example we may process contact data such as your name, job title and email address to provide you with information or updates about our services, in connection with events that we are running, to manage your preferences, and to provide you with marketing communications that you have subscribed to or that we reasonably consider you might be interested in. From time to time, we may process your data (such as your email or postal address) to invite you to an event or in connection with feedback that you have provided to us or a survey that you have completed. We may also monitor and analyse some of our communications and interactions with you in order to track and improve our communications and marketing or to comply with a request that you have made (e.g. to download thought leadership content or to update your preferences). We use a limited number of third party providers to assist with our communications and analysis and to obtain personal data for the purposes of contacting individuals who we think are likely to be interested in our product, services or events. For more details on how we process personal data gathered from the third parties that support our marketing activities, please refer to our
Transparency Notice.
When we engage with suppliers
We will process your personal data (such as your name, surname, email address and postal address) in order to facilitate the provision and payment of services from you to us. We may process financial data that you have shared with us for the purposes of payment.
In connection with a role with us
We may process your personal data in order to progress or consider a career or role with us. For details of how we process your personal data in this regard, please refer to our
Candidate Privacy Notice.
When we engage with third parties
In addition to those analytics providers referred to in section 10 below, we may also receive and process personal data from referees or third parties that we have relationships with (such as social media organisations, recruitment agencies, our contractors, partners and business contacts). This data (which may include but is not limited to contact and payment data such as your name, telephone number, email address and payment details) is used in accordance with the provisions of this notice and in particular section 4 below.
To exercise/comply with our legal obligations
We may process your personal data (which may include but is not limited to your name and contact data) to comply with our legal rights and obligations (e.g. where it is necessary to do so to comply with a legal obligation such as a court order).
4. How Do We Use Your Data?
4.1 All personal data is processed and stored securely, for no longer than is necessary in light of the reason(s) for which it was collected.
4.2 Our use of your personal data will always have a lawful basis, either because it is necessary for our performance of a contract with you (or the organisation through which you use our services), because you have consented to our use of your personal data (e.g. by subscribing to newsletters), to comply with our legal obligations or in connection with our (or those of a third party’s) legitimate interests. Specifically, we may use your data for the purposes set out below:
Providing and managing your access to our website;
Personalising and tailoring your experience on our website;
Notifying you (directly or via the organisation through which you use our services) about changes to our service;
In the management and provision of our services and to carry out our contractual obligations;
To support our sales and marketing activities, which may include recording and analysing sales calls in order to support and develop our sales process;
Providing you with information about other products and services we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased, use or enquired about;
Replying to emails from you or responding to unsubscribe or preference updates;
Supplying you with marketing communications and emails that you may unsubscribe from or opt-out of at any time by contacting us or by using the unsubscribe link provided in the applicable communication;
Conducting market research and marketing analysis;
Analysing your use of our website and gathering feedback to enable us to continually improve our website and your user experience and to provide you with tailored advertising based on your browsing history;
Analysing your use of our service (which may include gathering feedback) to enable us to continually improve our services and your user experience;
Administering our website and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
To manage your relationship with us.
4.3 With your permission and/or where permitted by law, we may also use your data for marketing purposes which may include contacting you by post, telephone or email with information, news and offers in connection with our services. We will take all reasonable steps to ensure that we protect your rights and comply with our obligations under the DPL.
4.4 You have the right to withdraw your consent to us using your personal data at any time, and to request that we delete it. Under the DPL, you have the right at any time to object to us:
using your personal data for direct marketing purposes, and to request that we delete it;
processing your personal data in reliance upon our legitimate interests or those of a third party.
4.5 We will only retain your personal data for as long as reasonably necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or reporting requirements. We may retain your personal data for a longer period if it relates to a complaint or in connection with our legal rights or obligations.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, together with any applicable legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or other requirements.
5. How and Where Do We Store Your Data?
5.1 We only keep your personal data for as long as we need to in order to use it as described in section 4 and/or for as long as we have your permission to keep it.
5.2 Our services are provided and supported from the UK. Some or all of your data may be stored outside of the UK or the European Economic Area (“the EEA”). This may include transferring data to the USA. If we do store data outside the UK or the EEA, we will take all reasonable steps to ensure that your data is treated safely and securely in compliance with the DPL.
5.3 Data security is very important to us and to protect your data we have taken suitable measures to safeguard and secure the data we collect, including: suitable measures to protect data we collect via our website, secure servers, use of strict procedures and security features to prevent unauthorised access and the maintenance of our ISO27001 and Cyber Essentials Plus certifications.
6. Do We Share Your Data?
6.1 We may share your personal data with any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, as defined in section 1159 of the UK Companies Act 2006. From time to time, we may restructure, expand or reduce our business and this may involve the sale and/or the transfer of control of all or part of our business. Any personal data that you have provided will, where it is relevant to the change, be transferred along with that part and the new owner or newly controlling party will, under the terms of this privacy notice, be permitted to use that data only for the same purposes for which it was originally collected by us.
6.2 We may sometimes contract with third parties to supply services (such as payment processing, document signature and management, search engine facilities, advertising and marketing services) to you on our behalf or use third party tools within our business to support our operations. In some cases, the third parties may require access to some or all of your data. Where any of your data is required for such a purpose, we will take all reasonable steps to ensure that your data will be handled safely, securely, and in accordance with your rights (including under any contract that you have in place with us), our obligations, and the obligations of the third party under the law.
6.3 We may compile statistics about the use of our website including data on traffic, frequency, dwell time, usage patterns, user numbers, and other information. From time to time we share such data with third parties such as prospective investors, affiliates, partners, and advertisers to assist in analysing the use of our website and improving our communications.
6.4 We may sometimes use third party data processors that are located outside of the UK or the EEA. Where we transfer any personal data outside the UK or the EEA, we will take all reasonable steps to ensure that your data is treated safely and securely as described in section 5 above and in accordance with any contract that we have in place with you.
6.5 In certain circumstances, we may be legally required to share certain data held by us, which may include your personal data, for example, where we are involved in legal proceedings, where we are complying with legal requirements, a court order, or a governmental authority.
7. How Can You Control Your Data?
7.1 In addition to your rights under the DPL, you will be given options to restrict our use of your data. This includes the ability to opt-out of receiving marketing emails from us, by contacting us or unsubscribing using the link provided in our communications. We maintain a marketing suppression list to ensure that where you have opted out of our communications, you are not contacted again. You may also decline or delete Cookies in accordance with section 10 below.
7.2 You may also wish to sign up to one or more of the preference services operating in the UK: The Telephone Preference Service (“the TPS”), the Corporate Telephone Preference Service (“the CTPS”), and the Mailing Preference Service (“the MPS”). These may help to prevent you receiving unsolicited marketing. Please note, however, that these services will not prevent you from receiving marketing communications that you have consented to receiving.
8. Your Right to Withhold Information
8.1 You may access certain areas of our website without providing any data at all. However, to use all features and functions available on our website you may be required to submit or allow for the collection of certain data.
8.2 You may restrict our use of Cookies. For more information, see section 10.
9. How Can You Access Your Data?
You have the right to ask for a copy of your personal data held by us. Under the GDPR, there is generally no fee payable for this. Please contact us for more details at:
info@boardintelligence.com
10. Our Use of Cookies
10.1 Our website may place and access certain first party Cookies on your computer or device. First party Cookies are those placed directly by us and are used only by us. By using our website you may also receive certain third party Cookies on your computer or device. Third party Cookies are those placed by websites, services, and/or parties other than us. We use Cookies to facilitate and improve your experience of our website and to provide and improve our services and communications, including the serving of personalised and non-personalised ads to you. Our
Cookie Policy
provides details of the Cookies that are placed on our website. If you would prefer us not to use your data in this way, please refer to the
‘How do I change my cookie settings?’
section in our
Cookie Policy
10.2 When you visit our website for the first time, you will be shown a pop-up requesting your consent to our Cookie settings. By giving your consent, you are agreeing to our Cookies and are enabling us to provide the best possible experience and service to you. You may, if you wish, choose the type of Cookies that are acceptable however certain features of our website may not function fully or as intended if you alter the recommended Cookie settings.
10.3 Our website uses analytics services provided by Google Analytics and other third party analytics service providers from time to time. Website analytics refers to a set of tools used to collect and analyse usage information, enabling us to better understand how our website and its assets are used. This, in turn, enables us to improve our website, our communications and the services offered through it. You do not have to allow us to use these Cookies, however it does enable us to continually improve our website and services, making it a better and more useful experience for you. For more information on how Google Analytics (including how user data may be shared between Google services) and our other Cookies work, please click on the individual links in the table in our
Cookie Policy.
10.4 Our website uses marketing services provided by third parties. Such third parties may place a Cookie on your device in connection with such marketing services, which include using data collected by these Cookies to serve more personalised ads to you. We rely on your consent to deploy these Cookies and on legitimate interests to use the data collected by them in connection with our marketing activities. The expected lifespan of these Cookies ranges by provider and are refreshed in accordance with industry standards. For a full list of lifespans per service/Cookie, please visit our
Cookie Policy.
10.5 Please visit our
Cookie Policy
page for a full list of providers and associated Cookies, including a summary of their intended purpose.
10.6 In addition to the controls that we provide, you can choose to delete, enable or disable Cookies in your internet browser. Most internet browsers also enable you to choose whether you wish to disable all Cookies or only third party Cookies. By default, most internet browsers accept Cookies but this can be changed. For further details, please consult the help menu in your internet browser. You can also find out more about Cookies (and how to see what cookies have been set) here:
www.allaboutcookies.org
.
10.7 You can choose to delete Cookies on your computer or device at any time, however you may lose any information that enables you to access our website more quickly and efficiently including, but not limited to, login and personalisation settings.
10.8 It is recommended that you keep your internet browser and operating system up-to-date and that you consult the help and guidance provided by the developer of your internet browser and manufacturer of your computer or device if you are unsure about adjusting your privacy settings.
10.9 Our website may include links to third-party websites. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and we are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy notice of every website you visit.
11. Contacting Us
We have appointed a DPO. To contact our DPO or if you have any questions about our website or this privacy notice, please contact us by email at
info@boardintelligence.com
, by telephone on +44 (0)207 192 8218, or by post at 24 Cornhill, London, EC3V 3ND.
12. Changes to this privacy notice
We may change this privacy notice from time to time (for example, if the law changes). Any changes to this privacy notice in the future will be posted on our website and, where appropriate, may be notified to you via email. Please check back frequently to see any update or changes to our privacy notice because you will be deemed to have accepted them on your first use of our website following the alterations and it represents the current and applicable version of the notice.
Last updated:
25th April 2024
Link to prior version:
14/02/2024 - 25/04/2024
Newsletter Sign up
What you
need
to know, when you
need
to know it
Register for our newsletter to get a monthly compilation of our latest chair interviews, governance research, and upcoming webinars and events, along with weekly round-ups of the top news that matter to board members.
Register Now
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.boardintelligence.com/candidate-privacy-policy:
Candidate Privacy Notice
What is the purpose of this notice?
The purpose of this notice is to tell you about how we use your data, and how we comply with data protection laws in connection with your interest in a role or contract with us (whether as an employee, worker or contractor).
When we carry out activities relating to hiring or engaging people, Board Intelligence acts as a "data controller" under the law. Put simply, this means that we are responsible for deciding how we hold and use personal information about you. We will hold some of your details as part of the hiring or contract making process. This notice makes you aware of how and why your personal data will be used, namely for the purposes of a recruitment or engagement exercise, and how long it will usually be retained for. It provides you with certain information that must be provided under the UK GDPR and the Data Protection Act 2018 (
DPA
).
Data protection principles
We will comply with data protection law and principles, which means that your data will be:
Used lawfully, fairly and in a transparent way
Collected only for valid purposes that we have clearly explained to you and not used in any way that is incompatible with those purposes
Relevant to the purposes we have told you about and limited only to those purposes
Accurate and kept up to date
Kept only as long as necessary for the purposes we have told you about
Kept securely
The kind of information we hold about you
In connection with your interest in working with us, we may collect, store, and use the following categories of personal information about you:
Information you provide to us in your curriculum vitae and covering letter
Information provided (directly or indirectly) on an application form, including name, title, address, telephone number, personal email address, date of birth, gender, employment history, qualifications, or personal interests
Information provided by third parties such as your referee(s) (for example in a reference) or a credit agency
Details in connection with any vetting that we carry out (a DBS check for example)
Any information you provide to us during an interview (which may include your video in circumstances where we conduct an interview via video)
Any information provided to us through an online job site, via email/written correspondence, in person and/or by any other method
A record of your progress through any hiring process that we may conduct
Results of psychometric, aptitude or technical tests used as part of a selection process
We may also collect, store and use the following types of more sensitive personal information:
Information about your race or ethnicity or sexual orientation
Information about your health, including any medical condition, disabilities or vaccination status that we may need to know about (for example in order to facilitate fair access for you during a selection process)
Information about criminal convictions and offences
To the extent that you interact with our applicant tracking system (the ‘
ATS
’), details of your visits to the ATS website including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data, the site that referred you to the ATS website and the resources that you access
How is your personal information collected?
We collect personal information in connection with our recruitment and hiring activities from the following sources:
You, the individual
Recruitment agencies, from which we collect the following categories of data: name, contact details (address, email, telephone number or digital equivalent), nationality, employment history, qualifications, interests, interview notes
Disclosure and Barring Service in respect of criminal convictions
Credit referencing/credit checking agencies
Your named referees, from whom we collect information about your previous employment, including dates, HR records, and their opinions on your performance (e.g. as provided in a reference), qualities and/or development needs
Via our ATS which provides us with the facility to link the data you provide to us with other publicly available information about you that you have published on the internet – this may include sources such as LinkedIn and other social media profiles. Our ATS also allows us to search various databases – some publicly available and others not, to find possible candidates to fill our roles, so we may obtain your personal data from these sources as well
A third party who recommends you as a candidate for a specific role or for our business more generally
The following data from third parties (e.g. universities or colleges) or publicly accessible sources such as LinkedIn and professional bodies (e.g. Law Society, ACAS, ACCA, BCS):
Details of professional qualifications
Details of interests/hobbies
Educational history and qualifications
How we will use information about you
We will use the personal information we collect about you to:
Assess your skills, qualifications, and suitability for the role or contract
Carry out background and reference checks, where applicable
Communicate with you about the recruitment/engagement process
Keep records related to our hiring processes
Comply with legal or regulatory requirements
It is in our legitimate interests to decide whether to appoint you to a role or contract since it would be beneficial to our business to appoint someone to that role. Where you apply for a role through our ATS, we rely on your consent, which is freely given by you during the application process, to disclose your personal data to
Indeed Careers/Glassdoor Jobs
on the basis described in the Data Sharing section below.
We also need to process your personal information to decide whether to enter into a contract with you.
We will use any details provided to us by you or a recruiter to take a decision on whether you are suitable for a current or future role or contract. We will then use these details to contact you in order to offer you relevant opportunities and/or to conduct a recruiting or contract-making process.
If you fail to provide personal information
If you fail to provide information when requested, which is necessary for us to consider your application (such as evidence of qualifications or work history), we will not be able to process your application successfully. For example, if we require a credit check or references for a role and you fail to provide us with relevant details, we will not be able to take your application further.
How we use particularly sensitive personal information
We will use your particularly sensitive personal information in the following ways:
We will use information about your disability status or your health to consider whether we need to provide appropriate adjustments during the recruitment process, for example whether adjustments need to be made during a test or interview or otherwise
We may use information about your race or national or ethnic origin, your sexual life or sexual orientation, or disability status to support equal opportunity monitoring and reporting
Information about criminal convictions
We envisage that we will process information about criminal convictions. We may collect information about your criminal convictions history if we would like to offer you a role (conditional on checks and any other conditions, such as references, being satisfactory). We may carry out a criminal records check in order to satisfy ourselves that there is nothing in your criminal convictions history which makes you unsuitable for the role. For example:
Where the role that you are applying for involves access to highly confidential data or requires a high degree of trust and integrity we will ask you to seek a basic disclosure of your criminal records history; or
If the role in question is one which is listed on the Rehabilitation of Offenders Act 1974 (Exceptions) Order 1975 (SI 1975/1023) and so is eligible for a check (standard or enhanced, in accordance with the Order) from the Disclosure and Barring Service.
We have in place an appropriate policy document and safeguards which we are required by law to maintain when processing such data.
Automated decision-making
We may use automation functionality within an ATS to select appropriate candidates for consideration based on criteria expressly identified by us, or typical in relation to the role for which you have applied to automate aspects of the process, however you will not be subject to decisions that will have a significant impact on you based solely on automated decision-making. Any decision as to who we will engage to fill the role will be made by our personnel.
Data sharing
Why might you share my personal information with third parties?
We will share your personal information with the following third parties for the purposes of processing your application: search consultancies, psychometric, aptitude or technical assessment providers, background, reference or credit checking services and our group companies and their personnel. Our third-party service providers and other entities in the group are required to take appropriate security measures to protect your personal information. Save as expressly set out in this notice, we do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data that we have shared with them for their own purposes. We only permit them to process your personal data that we have provided to them for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
We may use information held about you to help our service providers (e.g. our ATS provider*) and third parties (such as a job sites through which you may have applied) to improve their services.
Where you have applied for a role opening through the 'Indeed Apply' functionality within our ATS, and where you have consented to this disclosure, we will disclose to Indeed certain personal data that we hold, including but not limited to a unique identifier used by Indeed to identify you, and information about your progress through our hiring process for the applicable role, as well as tangible, intangible, visual, electronic, present, or future information that we hold about you in our ATS, such as your name, contact details and other information involving analysis of data relating to you as an applicant for employment (collectively “Disposition Data”). Indeed’s Privacy Notice in respect of Indeed’s use of the Disposition Data is available on
Indeed’s website
.
Where you have applied for a role through another service provider, we may disclose data similar to the Disposition Data defined above to such service provider. The service provider shall be the data controller of this data and shall therefore be responsible for complying with all applicable law in respect of the use of that data following its transfer by us.
*We use an ATS provided by Workable Software Limited, a link to their privacy notice is available
here
.
Data security
We take data security seriously. We are ISO27001 and Cyber Essentials Plus certified and accordingly have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal information from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal information to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need-to-know. They will only process your personal information on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted through any online means, therefore any transmission remains at your own risk.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected data security breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a suspected breach where we are legally required to do so.
Data retention
How long will you use my information for?
We will only retain your personal data for as long as reasonably necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or reporting requirements. We may retain your personal data for a longer period if it relates to a complaint or in connection with our legal rights or obligations. To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, together with any applicable legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or other requirements.
Unless we have a specific reason (as described above) to keep your data, we will not retain it for longer than three years without your consent. If you would like us to retain your personal information on file for longer than this (e.g. to consider you for future roles), please provide written confirmation of this to us and we will keep your data on file for up to five years (noting that at any time during this period, you may withdraw your consent and ask us to remove your details from our records) for this purpose. Where you do confirm that you would like us to keep your data on file for longer than three years, we would ask that if any of your details change (e.g. your address), that you let us know so that we can keep your records up to date.
Rights of access, correction, erasure, and restriction
Your rights in connection with personal information
Under certain circumstances, by law you have the right to:
Request access to your personal information (commonly known as a "data subject access request"). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal information we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it
Request correction of the personal information that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate information we hold about you corrected
Request erasure of your personal information. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal information where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal information where you have exercised your right to object to processing (see below)
Object to processing of your personal information where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal information for direct marketing purposes
Request the restriction of processing of your personal information. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of personal information about you, for example if you want us to establish its accuracy or the reason for processing it
Request the transfer of your personal information to another party
If you want to review, verify, correct or request erasure of your personal information, object to the processing of your personal data, or request that we transfer a copy of your personal information to another party, please contact a member of the Board Intelligence People team, via
people@boardintelligence.com
Right to withdraw consent. To the extent that we have relied upon your consent to process any of your personal information for the purposes of the recruitment exercise, please note that you have the right to withdraw your consent to the processing for that purpose at any time. To withdraw your consent, please contact
people@boardintelligence.com
. Once we have received notification that you have withdrawn your consent, subject to any rights that we may have, we will no longer process the applicable personal information and we will proceed to dispose of your personal data securely
Data protection officer
We have appointed a data protection officer (DPO) to oversee compliance with this notice. If you have any questions about this notice or how we handle your personal information, please contact the DPO via:
info@boardintelligence.com
, by telephone on +44 (0)207 192 8218, or by post at 24 Cornhill, London, EC3V 3ND. You have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues.
Last updated:
16th March 2024
Close