Global Privacy Policy
Download PDF
The purpose of this Global Privacy Policy (the "
Policy
") is to describe how Louis Vuitton Malletier SAS, a French company with registered office at 2 rue du Pont Neuf, 75001 Paris, France and/or its affiliates (“
LV"
), each in their quality of controller, process personal information about its clients and prospects in order to provide you with the best possible service.
You can get the name and address of the entity acting as data controller in your jurisdiction,
here
.
Louis Vuitton Malletier and/or Your responsible local LV entity, as described in this Policy (hereinafter: "We", "Our", or "Us") collects, stores, processes, uses and discloses personal information about you in connection with your use of LV web sites, LV apps, your use of our connected products (if and when available), or when you visit our stores or visit our social media pages, in your jurisdiction.
1. What type of personal information do we collect?
For the purposes described in this Policy, LV may collect the following categories of personal information:
Identification and Contact information (such as name, address, phone number or e-mail address), when you are willing to provide them for instance to sign up for an online account or fill out a customer information card in store, to participate in an event, to make a purchase, or ID information necessary when you request a VAT-refund or a “click and collect” service in store.
Payment information: for instance credit card details, bank account numbers, PayPal account details, or other payment details which you must provide to receive products or services you have ordered from us.
Demographic information like your gender and birthday.
Your image when you visit our stores (as CCTVs are in place), or your voice when you call LV Clients Services (since your call may be recorded).
Preferences and interests which you choose to disclose in the course of your privileged contacts or encounters with our client advisors (which may include your preferences about our collections or other luxury brands, your size, your lifestyle, or basic information on your family circle).
Information, which may include health information, related to possible adverse effects caused by our cosmetic products.
Information you submit or post in a public space, on our social media pages, or our websites, for example for a product review.
Information about your purchases online or in stores. This could include the products you purchased and their prices.
If you use our websites, we may collect information about the browser you are using, the device with which you visit our website, and your browsing behavior.
If you use our mobile app, we may collect your GPS location, subject to your consent when required. We might also look at how often you use the app and where you downloaded it. We may collect information about the browser you are using, and your browsing behavior.
If you use our connected products, we may collect information regarding your use of such products (such as which features on our product you use the most, or battery level information), as well as geolocation information if necessary to provide you the service you requested.
We may also collect information posted on third party websites or social media platforms about LV products and services, when necessary for the purposes defined hereunder.
Your personal information is collected either directly from you (e.g., if you create an account on one of our sites/apps or make a purchase or otherwise interact with our client advisors in stores or with our LV Client Services), or from you passively (e.g., when using tracking tools like browser cookies), or from third parties (e.g., through social media platforms).
If you choose not to submit any personal information when requested to perform a contract or when required by law, you will not be able to receive the product or service you ordered or otherwise register on our websites, apps, or other media.
2. How do we use your personal information?
We use the information described above for the purposes specified at the time of collection or hereafter in this Policy:
to improve our understanding of your interests and concerns, and to improve our understanding of your use of our products: we may use your information to make our website, apps and products/services better. We may use your information to customize your experience with Us and to tailor our marketing activities to fit your needs and interests as we believe that it is also in our legitimate interest to better serve you and respond to your needs.
to provide you with our connected services, to process your order or repair request, respond to your requests or questions, and manage your complaints: for example, we use your information to process your order and deliver your products. Or, we may use your information to send you information you requested, or to communicate with you about your account or our relationship: we may contact you about changes to the Site or about service updates. We may also contact you about feedback or about this Policy or website terms. In such case, your information is processed to perform the contract we have with you.
for security purposes: we may use information to protect Our company, Our customers, Our associates, and Our websites or apps against fraud, theft or any wrongdoing which may affect our activity as it is our legitimate interest to ensure the security of our activity online and offline.
to manage the possible adverse effect caused by our cosmetic products in accordance with our legal obligations as cosmetic manufacturer.
for anti-counterfeiting purposes, and fight against illegal resale channels for LV products in violation of LV's general terms and conditions of sale and LV's selective distribution network (by monitoring in particular, quantities or frequency of products purchased), as it is our legitimate interest to protect against online counterfeiting and preserve our distribution network.
for marketing purposes: we may use your information to contact you, subject to your consent when applicable, about new products and special offers we think you will find valuable.
for analytics purposes, we may use your information to analyse the e-reputation of LVM or Our products and to measure the effectiveness of our online or offline campaigns or events, as it is our legitimate interest to preserve LV's image and optimise our marketing campaigns.
other purposes: we use information to maintain transaction and other business records for legal, administrative and audit purposes. We also use information to meet legal, insurance and processing requirements.
3. Who do we share your personal information with?
We do not disclose or otherwise share your personal information We collect, except:
With Our parent and affiliated companies within Louis Vuitton Group of Companies: only authorized personnel with a need to know have access to the information, for purposes of internal audit, billing or administrative and to provide you with the same level of services around the world. Please find a list of Our affiliate
here
;
With service providers and agents who perform services on Our behalf: for example, We share information with vendors who send emails for Us. We may also share personal information with service providers that help Us operate our websites.
With banks or other online payment services companies,
With our service provider for fraud prevention (Riskified Ltd., established in Israel), to the extent necessary for fraud prevention. You can find information on the processing of your personal data by Riskified Ltd. in the privacy policy of Riskified Ltd., which is available
here
.
Subject to your consent, with Our business partners: for example We will share information with third parties who jointly sponsor an event or promotion with Us.
With any third party as part of any business restructuring or reorganization (including dissolution or liquidation). This includes if We are merged of all or part of Our business or assets are transferred, assigned or sold.
When we are required to do so in order to comply with applicable law, to respond to a court order, or more generally to respond to any request from a competent authority.
4. Tracking tools and use of cookies
We may collect certain information through cookies, web beacons and other automated means. A cookie is a text file which is stored in a dedicated area of your device’s hard drive, for instance when you visit online service, when you read an email or while installing or using a mobile app. A cookie allows its sender to identify the device on which it is stored during the period of validity of consent, which does not exceed 13 months.
What type of cookies do we use?
a)    Some cookies may be functional to collect information which will allow Us to facilitate your browsing such as languages preferences, memorizing log-in, or saving the content of your shopping basket or wish list.
b)    Other cookies also collect information on your behaviour by collecting referring URLS (where our visitors come from, which banners they clicked on and which directed them to our website), pages accessed, times of websites visits. Such information will allow Us to enhance our web sites and apps, have a better understanding of the products and services you would prefer, and offer you more personalized communications and/or more personalized content on our website or our applications.
c)    We also use cookies for web analytics to measure the web sites activity and determine the areas of the web sites which are the most visited, hence improving visibility of our content.
d)    We use cookies to ensure security of online transactions/purchases through device fingerprinting, which allows to identify certain aspects of the equipment used to place an order.
e)    Our websites or apps may contain third party cookies (delivered by advertising agencies, analytics providers, etc.) enabling them to collect browsing information on your Devices, including to measure the efficiency of our advertising campaigns on third party websites. Third party cookies are subject to said third party privacy policies. We hereby inform you about the purpose of these cookies and how you can manage them, to the extent we are aware thereof.
f)    We may include in our website or apps the possibility to share content with third parties or to let other persons know you browsed our website. Such is the case for instance of “Like” and “Share” functionalities offered by social network platforms (“Facebook”, “Twitter”, etc) .
Social networks which offer these functionalities may identify you even though you do not use these functionalities on our website. Indeed, such functionalities allow social network platforms to track information about your browsing on our website whenever your social network account is active while browsing our website.
We do not control how these platforms collect your personal data while you are browsing our website. We invite you to read the Privacy policies of these social networks to find out how they use information they collect (including for advertising purposes) through these buttons. These Privacy policies should provide you information about how to manage your preferences on your social networks account.
Acceptance of cookies
Except for functional or security cookies, the use of cookie on a Device depends on the user’s choice, which can be made and modified freely and at any time.
You can manage cookies either
here
or by setting your browser to accept or reject cookies on your Device, either globally or cookie by cookie. Settings that you make may change your internet browsing capacity and may sometimes alter your ability to access to certain services that require the use of cookies.
Such is also the case if we or one of our business partners can no longer recognize the type of browser your Device is using such as language, display settings or country / region of connection. We cannot be held liable for the minimized access to our services as a result of cookies you previously deleted or rejected.
How to manage cookie settings in your browser?
Each browser has its own cookie management system, as described in the “Help” menu of your browser, where you will be provided with all necessary information about how to set your preferences.
For Microsoft Internet Explorer 8.0 and more:
Go to "Tools" menu, then "Internet Options"
Click on "Confidentiality"
Select your preferred level of confidentiality
For Mozilla Firefox:
Go to "Tools" then "Options" menu
Click on the "Privacy" settings
Select your preferred option on the "Cookie" menu
For Opera:
Go to "Files" > "Preferences"
Click on "Privacy"
Select your preferred options
For Android browser:
Click on the upper right button
Go to "Settings" then "Privacy & security menu"
Select your preferred option
For Dolphin Browser on Android:
In the Menu, go to "More" then "Settings"
Select the "Privacy & security settings" menu
Select you preferred option in the "cookies" menu
For Safari on iOS:
In the "Settings" app, go to "Safari" menu
Go to "Accept cookies" entry under "Privacy"
Select your preferred option
For Google Chrome:
Click the Chrome menu on the browser toolbar
Select “settings” then click “show advanced settings”
In the "Privacy" section, click the “Content settings” button.
In the "Cookies" section, you can change cookies settings
If you share your Device with other people and the Device operates several browsers, we cannot guarantee that personalised services and advertisement designed to match your personal use of the Device (if such personalised services and advertisement are available) will correspond to your own use and rather than someone else’s.
5. Transferring your personal information
Information We collect about you may be transferred to, stored and processed in countries / regions where a LV entity is located to ensure you may benefit from better services wherever you visit us and for the purposes defined in this Policy. You may obtain a list of these countries / regions
here
.
We may also transfer your personal information to the service providers involved in the maintenance of our web sites, apps or social media or any other tool used for the processing of our clients or prospects information.
These recipients may be established in a third country for which an adequacy decision of the European Commission exists (e.g., Israel; a list of the adequacy decisions is available
here
[SJFV1] ).
Some recipients, however, are located in third countries / regions which are considered as not providing the same level of data protection as the EU country in which you provided your information.
When we transfer your information to recipients in third countries / regions without the same level of data protection, we will protect and provide adequate protection for the transfer of your personal information to recipients in those countries / regions by entering into data transfer agreements based either on the European Commission standards clauses (as they may be revised or replaced by the EU Commission or supplemented by additional measures when required) with such data recipients or any other valid transfer mechanisms that may be available in the future.
You can obtain a list of the relevant third countries / regions and copy of these safeguards upon request.
6. Retention period
Your personal information will not be kept in a form that allows you to be identified for any longer than is reasonably considered necessary by LV for achieving the purposes for which it was collected or processed or as it is established in the applicable laws related to data retention periods. The data retention term of Your personal data collected by Us is determined per purpose of data processing according to the following criteria:
●   Data collected for the specific purposes defined in Article 2 will be stored only:
○  For up to four (4) years, as far as personal information processed for the purpose of fraud prevention is concerned  (see Article 2 c)).
○  For three (3) years since our last contact, if You are a prospect (
i.e
. you have not made any purchase with Us but You are interested by LV), or
○  For the duration of your commercial relationship with LV and 10 years thereafter, if You are a client (
ie
;You have made a purchase of Our products or services),
○  except some specific processing which have shorter retention period: the images collected in stores by CCTV systems which are stored for the retention period specified in the store; the telephone conversations with our Client Services which are stored for the applicable legal retention periods.
●   Your personal data will then be archived to be used: in the event of a litigation or dispute for the statute of limitation term applicable to the related purpose;
●   If a judicial action is initiated, the personal information may be stored until the end of such action, including any potential periods for appeal, and will then be deleted or archived as permitted by applicable law;
Your personal data are then anonymized or deleted.
7. Your rights
You may request access to the personal information we maintain about you. If you request such access, we will provide you with all the information as required by law on the purposes of the processing, categories of data processed, categories of recipients, data retention term, etc.).
You may also obtain a copy of any personal information that We hold about you in our records in a format compatible and structure to allow you to exercise your right to data portability when the processing is based on your consent or on the performance of an Agreement between you and Us.
You can also provide general or specific instructions on how your personal data should be processed and may be used, after your death.
You may also request that We correct, amend, erase, any information which is incomplete, out of date or inaccurate.
You can request the deletion of your Personal information (i) if your personal information is no  longer necessary for the purpose of the data processing, (ii) you have withdrawn your consent on the data processing based exclusively on such consent,  (iii) you objected to the data processing, (iv) the personal information processing is unlawful, (v) the personal information must be erased to comply with a legal obligation applicable to LV. LV will take reasonable steps to inform the other entities of the LV group of such erasure.
You can request the restriction of the processing (i) in the event the accuracy of your personal information is contested to allow LV to check such accuracy, (ii) if you wish to restrict your personal information rather than deleting it despite the fact that the processing is unlawful, (iii) if you wish LV to keep your personal information because you need it for your defence in the context of legal claims (iv) if you have objected to the processing but LV conducts verification to check whether it has legitimate grounds for such processing which may override your own rights.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority.
Our Data Protection Officer contact details are
personaldata@louisvuitton.com
.  When your information processing is based on your consent (for instance when you accept to receive communication materials), You may withdraw any consent you previously provided to Us at any moment, without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on your consent before withdrawal.
When your information is processed to pursue our legitimate interests, you may object to such processing, if Our legitimate interest may be overridden by your interests and freedom).
To exercise these rights, please contact us at:
personaldata@louisvuitton.com
, and we will respond.
8. Protecting your personal information
We will provide an adequate level of protection for the personal data and make sure that appropriate technical and organizational security measures are in place to protect the personal information (including education and training of relevant personnel) against accidental or unlawful destruction, accidental loss or alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access, and against all other unlawful forms of processing.
However, to the extent that the Internet is not completely secure, we cannot guarantee that any of your personal information stored or sent to us will be completely safe. We encourage you to use caution when using internet to access our web sites, apps or social media.
9. Children
Our web sites and apps are not directed to children. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children without permission from a parent or guardian, unless permitted by applicable law.
You must be at least sixteen years old to provide Us with your personal information and eighteen years old to engage in transactions on our store or websites, or apps. By engaging in transactions with us, you affirm that you are at least eighteen years old and are fully able to enter into and be legally bound  by such transactions
If we are notified (by contacting Us at at "Contact Us") or learn that a minor has submitted personal data to us through our media or otherwise, we will delete such personal information.
10. Third party sites
We may link to third party sites or services We do not control and which are governed by their own privacy policy. This Policy does not apply to those third party sites. We strongly advise you to check the privacy policies of all third party sites you visit to find out how they are treating your personal information.
11. Changes to this policy
Our Policy may change from time to time to reflect changes in Our processing of your personal information. We will notify you of any material changes as required by law. We will post an updated copy on the Site.
12. Contact us
If you would like Us to update the information We have about you or your preferences, or if you have any questions about the protection of your personal information please contact Us by email at
personaldata@louisvuitton.com
.
Last update on 03/07/2023
1. What type of personal information do we collect?
2. How do we use your personal information?
3. Who do we share your personal information with?
4. Tracking tools and use of cookies
5. Transferring your personal information
6. Retention period
7. Your rights
8. Protecting your personal information
9. Children
10. Third party sites
11. Changes to this policy
12. Contact us
Our General Terms of Sale [version dated 2025.02.27]
Download PDF
For further information, please contact our Client Service team on: +44 207 998 6286 (local rate)
1. These terms
1.1 What these terms cover
. These are the terms and conditions (the “Terms and Conditions”) on which we supply products to you, when you order via our website www.uk.louisvuitton.com (our "Website"), by telephone (including instant messaging) with our Client Service team (the “Client Service”), or by telephone (including instant messaging) with a sales advisor from our stores when the sales advisor and you are not in the same place at the same time (the “Store Distance Sales”).
1.2 Why you should read them.
Please read these terms carefully before you submit your order to us. These terms tell you who we are, how we will provide products to you, how you and we may change or end the contract, what to do if there is a problem and other important information. Submitting an order constitutes your acceptance without restriction or reservation of these Terms and Conditions.
1.3 We may change these terms at any time
. We may amend these terms from time to time by posting revised terms on our Website. The terms applicable to your order will be those posted on the Website at the time of your order. If, after the date of their deletion from the Site, these Terms and Conditions nevertheless remain accessible to the public via other Internet sites or by any other means, they will however no longer be enforceable against Louis Vuitton.
2. Information about us and how to contact us
1.1
Who we are
. We are Louis Vuitton UK Limited. Our registered office is c/o Browne Jacobson, 6 Bevis Marks, London EC3A 7BA and we are registered in England and Wales under company number 01633350.
1.2
How to contact us
. You can contact us by calling Louis Vuitton Customer Service (contact information and opening hours are available in the “Can we help you?” section of the Website). Alternative contact options are made available to you in the “Can we help you?” section of the Site.
1.3
How we may contact you
. If we have to contact you, we will do so by telephone or by writing to you at the email address or postal address you provided to us in your order.
“
Writing” includes emails and SMS
. When we use the words “writing” or “written” in these terms, this includes emails and SMS.
3. Our products
1.1
Information about our products
. In order to offer its customers an optimal level of service, only certain items are available for purchase via our Website or by telephone. Information about all Louis Vuitton items that may be sold on our Website or through Louis Vuitton Client Service and/or as part of a Store Distant Sale is available, with product references, in all Louis Vuitton stores, as well as on the Website.
1.2
Personalised Products.
When we refer to personalized items in these General Conditions of Sale, this refers in particular to items manufactured according to your specific requests or clearly personalized, items with hot stamping (or other personalization) and/or engraved perfumes. This also relates to standard items that are modified according to your requests. Regarding personalized items, we invite you to consult the "Special Conditions of Sale applicable to Personalized Products", set out below .
1.3
3.3 Products may vary slightly from their pictures
. The images and/or illustrations displayed and our Website and/or otherwise communicated by Louis Vuitton are published for illustrative purposes only and have no contractual value. Although we have made every effort to ensure that the representations of the items on the Website are faithful to the items offered for sale, variations may occur and we cannot guarantee that the actual appearance of the items corresponds exactly to their appearance on the screen. We cannot be held responsible for  errors or inaccuracies in the photographs and/or graphic representations of the items appearing on the Website, in particular in the event of variations in shade and/or grain that may occur due to technical limitations in the rendering of color and/or the grain of computer equipment. Since the same product may be manufactured in one of our several workshops, it may have a stamp of origin that is different from that present on an image/illustration
4. Placing orders and our contract with you
1.1
Placing orders
. All orders are subject to availability. Orders can be placed as follows:
1.1.1
Via our Client Service
: Orders can be placed in English with our Client Service team by (i) calling tel. no. +44 207 998 6286 (local rate), Monday to Saturday from 9.00 am to 7.00 pm, and Sunday from 9.00am to 5.00 pm, excluding public holidays ; or (ii) via one of the alternative contact methods offered in the “Need Help?” section of the Website.
1.1.2
By telephone with a sales associate
. If you wish to place an order for a Store Distance Sale , you must confirm to the sales associate the details of the order you wish to make.  The sales associate will then confirm to you in writing the details of your order, including the total price (including VAT and any delivery costs, if any).  You must confirm in writing (by e-mail or SMS) that the details of your order are correct and that you wish to place the order. Our acceptance of orders is subject to availability and will be confirmed to you by email or SMS.
1.1.3
Via our Website
: Orders con be placed through our UK Website.
1.2
We only deliver in the UK
. Unfortunately, we do not deliver to (a) addresses outside the UK, (b) care of a hotel, (c) PO Box addresses or (d) business premises.
1.3
You must be 18 or over.
We only accept orders from customers aged 18 and over.
1.4
We only sell our retail products to consumers
. Your order on our Website or by telephone must not be made for or on behalf of any business activity and must be placed strictly for your personal use. To ensure better service and better availability of our products, Louis Vuitton limits the quantity of products that can be purchased as follows:
-        Per day: no more than
3
leather goods (including small leather goods),
3
accessories,
3
perfumes and/or
3
pairs of shoes.
-        Within 4 consecutive weeks a client cannot: (i) purchase more than
6
Leather Goods (including Small Leather Goods),
6
Accessories,
6
Perfumes,
6
Pairs of Shoes or
6
pieces per type of Ready to Wear; (ii) purchase more than
2
of the same identical products; and/or (iii) conduct more than
8
transactions of all kinds of products.
-        Within
12
consecutive months: no more than
12
leather goods (including small leather goods),
12
accessories,
12
perfumes,
20
pairs of shoes or
20
articles of ready to wear.
To ensure the observance of these restrictions and these Terms and Conditions, Louis Vuitton Malletier, 2 rue du Pont Neuf-75001 Paris, France processes your purchase history. If you breach these rules , our sales associates may refuse further transactions with you for a period of 2 years from your last purchase. In accordance with the law, you have a right to access, rectify and delete your persona! data, and a right to restrict or object to processing by
contacting
personaldata@louisvuitton.com
. For more information, please read our
privacy policy
in store or on Louisvuitton.com
1.5
Making sure your personalisation details are accurate
. If we are personalising products in accordance with details you have given us you are responsible for ensuring that these details are correct. We cannot accept returns of Personalised Products.
1.6
Your account with us
: When placing an order for the first time, you may either check in as a guest or open an account with us. Please note that check in as a guest is only possible once. If you place a telephone order, we will take the necessary details from you by telephone. Otherwise, all steps necessary for placing an order are detailed on our Website.
1.7
Order acknowledgement
. We will acknowledge receipt of your order without delay by sending you a confirmation email, but this confirmation email does not constitute our acceptance of your order. Your order will only be accepted by us when it is dispatched, and you receive a dispatch email from us (see Clause 4.8).
1.8
How we will accept your order
. Our acceptance of your order will take place when we email you and tell you we have accepted and/or dispatched your order, at which point a contract will come into existence between you and us.
1.9
If we cannot accept your order
. If we are unable to accept your order, we will inform you of this in writing and will not charge you for the product. This may be because the product is out of stock, because of unexpected limits on our resources which we could not reasonably plan for, because we have identified an error in the price or description of the product, because we are unable to meet a delivery deadline you have specified or if the order is not in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
1.10
Your order number
. We will assign an order number to your order and tell you what it is when we accept your order. lt will help us if you can tell us the order number whenever you contact us about your order.
5. Price and payment
1.1
Where to find the price for the product.
The price of the product in pounds sterling (£) which includes VAT (and, except where otherwise stated on our Website or notified to you by telephone by our Client Service team or our sales associate from our stores, delivery costs) will be the price indicated on the order pages when you place your order (or communicated to you by telephone and recapped in writing). We take all reasonable care to ensure that the price of the product advised to you is correct. However please see Condition 5.4 for what happens if we discover an error in the price of the product you order. Louis Vuitton reserves the right to modify the prices of the items at any time and without notice, but the price that applied at the time of your order is the one that will apply.
1.2
We will pass on changes in the rate of VAT
. If the rate of VAT changes between your order date and the date we supply the product, we will adjust the rate of VAT that you pay, unless you have already paid for the product in full before the change in the rate of VAT takes effect.
1.3
VAT-refund not available
. VAT-refund is not available for Louis Vuitton products ordered on our Website or by telephone.
1.4
What happens if we got the price wrong
. lt is always possible that, despite taking all reasonable care, some of the products we sell may be incorrectly priced. If the product's correct price at your order date is higher than the price stated to you, we will contact you for your instructions before we accept your order at the correct price. If we accept and process your order where a pricing error is material, obvious and unmistakeable and could reasonably have been recognised by you as a mispricing, we may end the contract, refund you any sums you have paid and require the return of any products provided to you.
1.5
How you must pay
. We accept payment by credit card (Visa, MasterCard and American Express) issued by banks domiciled in the European Union, by PayPal from a verified account, by bank transfer (provided that the paying bank account is held by you and domiciled in the UK or in the European Union), by Apple Pay (available only on iOS), or other payment methods as they become available from time to time by notice on our Website. Payment must be made in pounds sterling (£). ln case of a payment by bank transfer, we will send you Louis Vuitton's bank details by email. You warrant that you are the holder of the card (and/or, where applicable, the bank account) and that the name appearing on the card to be debited is yours. To pay, you shall communicate either by telephone or in a secure digital environment, the number and expiry date appearing on the front of your bank card as well as the numbers of the visual cryptogram appearing on the back (or front) of your bank card.
1.6
When you must pay
. You must pay before goods are dispatched to you. You will be debited once you have placed your order and it has been accepted by us. We will inform you by email once the products have been dispatched. Title to the product passes to you upon the latest of (i) full payment of the order ; and (ii) delivery of the product to you.
1.7
Failure to pay
. If your payment cannot be processed for any reason (including, for example, stopped payment, refusal by the issuer of the card), your order will be cancelled and the contract with you ended immediately. We will inform you of this in writing.
1.8
Security measures
.
1.8.1      Payments through our Website are managed on-line with the relevant banking organisations through facilities offered by Riskified Ltd which enables us to accept and manage payments, mitigate fraud, and secure payment data. Your persona! information including your name, email address, delivery details, telephone number, details of the order placed and credit card or other payment details will be disclosed and used by Riskified exclusively for the purposes of providing fraud screening services to us and to its own customers, as further detailed in our
Privacy Policy
. You warrant to us that you have been, are and will remain in compliance with applicable national and international laws and regulations aimed at criminalizing acts of corruption, money laundering and terrorist financing or any other breach of integrity.
1.8.2      To ensure that your credit or debit card is not being used without your consent, we will validate the name, address and other persona! information supplied by you during the order process against appropriate third party databases in accordance with our
Privacy Policy
. ln performing these checks, personal information provided by you may be disclosed to a registered Credit Reference Agency which may keep a record of that information. You can rest assured that this is done only to confirm your identity, that a credit check is not performed and that your credit rating will be unaffected.
1.8.3      If an order placed by you is considered to be fraudulent or otherwise made in breach of this Terms and Conditions, the order will be cancelled immediately, and in the event that any sums have already been debited to you, they will be refunded within 14 business days after such notification.
6. Providing the products
1.1
Delivery costs
. The costs (if any) of delivery will be as displayed to you on our website.
1.2
Where and when we will provide the products
. The delivery of the items can only take place in the UK. No deliveries can be made to hotels, professional addresses, or PO boxes. When we provide the products depends on what product you are buying:
1.2.1
For Personalised Products
: Unless another lead-time has been given by us at the time of the order, the products will be delivered within 8 weeks from the date payment is received in cleared funds;
1.2.2
For all other products
: During the order process we will let you know when we will provide the products to you, and if no deadlines are given, delivery will be within 30 days at the latest from order confirmation, subject to full payment of the price.
1.3
We are not responsible for delays outside our control
. If our supply of the products is delayed by an event outside our control then we will contact you as soon as possible to let you know and we will take steps to minimise the effect of the delay. Provided we do this we will not be liable for delays caused by the event, but if there is a risk of substantial delay you may contact us to end the contract and receive a refund for any products you have paid for but not received.
1.4
Click and Collect Service
. If you choose to collect your order from one of our stores offering the Click & Collect service, you (and not someone on your behalf) can collect the order from us up to 30 days from the date we tell you in writing that the order is available for collection, during the opening hours of the relevant store. Please check the opening hours of our stores in the “OUR STORES” section on
www.louisvuitton.com
before making any journey. Please note that your order will be kept in-store for 30 days (for personalized products, up to 6 months) after which period, we will end the contract, the products will be returned to us and we will refund any sums you have paid to us for the cancelled order excluding delivery charges (except for personalised products). No refund will be made for Personalized Products and, in case of partial payment, we reserve the right to enforce payment of the balance.
1.5
Click & Collect ID checks
. When using our Click & Collect service, we carry out the following checks, which are necessary to make sure that the order is collected by you or someone authorised by you:
1.5.1      you will be required to show your order delivery confirmation email, photographic ID such as a passport, ldentity Card or photocard driving licence and the payment card used to pay for the order;
1.5.2      we regret that copies of the documents mentioned in Conditions 6.5.1 and 6.5.2 cannot be accepted.
1.5.3      we will make take details (or, where necessary, make copies) of all photographic ID documents and we will take appropriate steps to keep your information secure. If for any reason you do not wish to comply with the procedures set out in this Condition 6.5, we regret that you will not be able to use our Click & Collect service.
1.6
If you are not at home when the product is delivered
. If no one is available at your address to take delivery, we will leave you a note asking you to contact our Client Service team in order to arrange an alternative delivery date.
1.7
If you do not re-arrange delivery
. If, after a failed delivery to you, you do not re-arrange delivery we will contact you for further instructions and may charge you further delivery costs. If, despite our reasonable efforts, we are unable to contact you or re-arrange delivery we may end the contract and Condition 10 will apply.
1.8
Delivery of gifts.
ln the case of a gift:
1.8.1      you may arrange for products to be delivered to a third party of your choice, provided always that the delivery address satisfies the requirements of Condition 4.2 above;
1.8.2      if you choose our Click & Collect Service, the third party may collect the products from one of our stores offering the Click & Collect service, but the third party will need to provide the documents set out in Condition 6.5.
1.9
Damage
. If, at the time of delivery or collection by you, the packaging is damaged, please open the package in the presence of the carrier or store assistant (where you have chosen our Click & Collect Service) in order to verify the condition of the products. ln the case of delivery, where there is damage to the products, you should note the details on the delivery note and contact our Client Service team as set out in Condition 2.2. If we deliver products to you and products are lost or damaged by our carrier we will repair or replace the products free of charge (including costs of re-delivery) but only where:
1.9.1          You tell us in writing within 48 hours of the actual delivery date in the case of damage and within 48 hours of the delivery date notified to you when you placed your order in the case of lost items (this is so that we will be able to meet our carrier's conditions of carriage);
1.9.2          You produce to us any receipt or other documents relating to the products and (in the case of damaged items) the original packaging for the products complete with all related accessories, instruction booklets, labels, protective covers and boxes.
1.10
When you become responsible for the products
. The products will be your responsibility from the time you or a person indicated by you acquires the physical possession of the goods or, if you choose to collect your products from one of our stores offering the Click & Collect service, when you collect them from us.
1.11
When you own products
. You own the products on the later of the following:
1.11.1       once we have received payment in full;
1.11.2       once the products have been delivered to you or collected by you using our Click & Collect Service.
7. Exchanging products
1.1    ln addition to your legal rights, and your right to change your mind described in Condition 8, we operate an exchange policy for our customers in respect of items delivered (but not for Personalised Products). The conditions of this exchange policy are set out in this Condition 7 below.
1.2    Within 30 days after the date of delivery (or the last delivery in the case your products are split into several deliveries over different days), you may exchange the items in question by using either method below.
1.3    Products must be returned with their original packaging, complete with any related accessories or instruction booklets, labels, protective covers and boxes, together with the original invoice and the Return Voucher. ln the case of perfume products which have been sealed for health protection or hygiene purposes, the seal on the crystal film covering the perfume box must not have been broken. In the case of a kit, you cannot exchange one of the kit’s items individually. We will not accept products for exchange that are returned incomplete, damaged or soiled or without the original packaging, related accessories or instruction booklets, labels, protective covers and boxes or, in the case of perfume products, where the seal on the crystal film covering the perfume box has been broken. You must take reasonable care of products if you wish to exchange them. For shoes in particular, we recommend that you try your Louis Vuitton shoes on a clean floor which will not alter the sole, such as a carpeted surface.
1.4    You may:
1.4.1      use our complimentary collection service as described in Condition 9.3.1, but please note that no new delivery can take place until we have received the returned products from you.
1.4.2      exchange your products within our stores in the United Kingdom (except at Harrods, Heathrow and Selfridges) or abroad (airport locations excluded as well as the following countries / regions : Brazil, China, Columbia, lndia, Jordan, Kazakhstan, Lebanon, Mexico, Mongolia, Dominican Republic, Russia, Thailand, Turkey, Vietnam or Taiwan), provided the store offers this product category.
1.5    Please note that no new delivery (of an exchanged or replacement product) can take place until we have received the returned products from you. Where products are exchanged, we will end the original contract and your payment will be applied to the price of the new product. If the new product is on sale at a higher price, you must pay the difference in store or as described in these Terms and Conditions. We will not be able to provide the replacement products until we have received payment from you. If the product is on sale at a lower price, we will refund you for the difference (but not for any delivery charges) by the method you used for payment or issue a store credit, at our discretion. If products are exchanged using our collection and delivery service, the new sale will be subject to these terms. In the event that the price of the Product and/or the currency of the country where the Product is returned differs from its price and/or currency in the country where it was purchased, the exchange or credit will be based exclusively on the price and currency in the country where the Product is returned.
1.6    Please note that you may not exchange products which you have received as a result of a prior exchange.
The terms set out in this clause 7 do not affect your legal rights.
8. Your rights to end the contract
1.1
Ending your contract with us.
You may end your contract with us in the circumstances described below. Your rights when you end the contract will depend on what you have bought, whether there is anything wrong with it, how we are performing and when you decide to end the contract:
1.1.1      If what you have bought is faulty or misdescribed you may have a legal right to end the contract (or to get the product repaired or replaced or a service re-performed or to get some or all of your money back), see Condition 11;
1.1.2      If you want to end the contract because of something we have done or have told you we are going to do, see Condition 8.2;
1.1.3      If you have just changed your mind about the product, see Condition 8.4. You may be able to get a refund if you are within the cooling-off period, but this may be subject to deductions.
1.2
Ending the contract because of something we have done or are going to do
. If you are ending a contract for a reason set out at Conditions 8.2.1 to 8.2.3 below the contract will end immediately and we will refund you in full for any products which have not been provided and you may also be entitled to compensation. The reasons are:
1.2.1      we have told you about an error in the price or description of the product you have ordered and you do not wish to proceed;
1.2.2      there is a risk that supply of the products may be significantly delayed because of events outside our control; and/or
1.2.3      you have a legal right to end the contract because of something we have done wrong.
1.3
When you don’t have the right to change your mind
. You do not have a right to change your mind in respect of:
1.3.1      Personalised Products ;
1.3.2      Earrings and Swimwear, for health protection or hygiene purposes;
1.3.3      Perfume or other products sealed for health protection or hygiene purposes, once these have been unsealed after you receive them. ln the case of perfume, the seal on the crystal film covering the perfume box must not have been broken; and/or
1.3.4      products from batches (“kits”) returned independently of the complete batch (“kit”).
1.4
How long do I have to change my mind?
For other products bought online you have a legal right to change your mind within fourteen (14) days from receipt of the product. ln order to ensure the satisfaction of our customers we extend this to allow up to 30 days after the day you receive the products, unless your products are split into several deliveries over different days. ln this case you have until 30 days after the day you receive the last delivery to change your mind about the products.
9. How to end the contract with us (including if you have changed your mind)
1.1    Tell us you want to end the contract. To end the contract with us, please let us know by doing one of the following:
1.1.1
Phone or email
. Call our Client Service team on tel. no. +44 207 998 6286 (local rate, Monday to Saturday from 9.00 am to 7.00 pm and Sunday from 9.00 am to 5.00 pm, excluding public holidays) or email us, or go to the My Orders tab of your MyLV account on the Website. Please provide your name, home address, details of the order and, where available, your phone number and email address.
1.1.2
By post
. Print off the cancellation form set out at the bottom of these Terms and Conditions and post it to us at the address on the form. Or simply write to us at that address, including details of what you bought, when you ordered or received it and your name and address.
1.2
Gifts
. If you use our Gift Service, only you may end the contract with us and not the recipient of the gift.
1.3
Returning products after ending the contract
:
1.3.1      If you end the contract for any reason after products have been dispatched to you or you have received them, we provide a complimentary collection service and you must allow us to collect the item(s) you wish to return from your preferred address. Please call our Client Service team or email us to arrange collection.
1.3.2      You may also return your products (for exchange only) within our stores in the United Kingdom (except at Harrods, Heathrow and Selfridges) or abroad (but not in Brazil, China, Columbia, lndia, Jordan, Kazakhstan, Lebanon, Mexico, Mongolia, Dominican Republic, Russia, Thailand, TUrkey or Vietnam). Kindly note that perfume products may be returned only in the United Kingdom.
1.3.3      You may request a return via your MyLV Account. To activate the pre-paid return label included in your parcel, register your return in the My Orders tab of your MyLV account. Place the item(s) in the original shipping box or any other suitable box, cover the original address label with the enclosed pre-paid return label, securely seal your parcel using the adhesive strip on the inside of the original box, and drop your parcel off at any UPS store or pick-up location.
1.3.4      You must return the products with their original packaging, complete with all related accessories, instruction booklets, labels, protective covers and boxes, together with the duly completed "Return Voucher" and the original invoice. ln the case of perfume products which have been sealed for health protection or hygiene purposes, the seal on the crystal film covering the perfume box must not have been broken.
1.4
When we will pay the costs of return.
We will pay the costs of return:
1.4.1      if the products are faulty or misdescribed;
1.4.2      if you are ending the contract because we have told you of an error in pricing or description, a delay in delivery due to events outside our control or because you have a legal right to do so as a result of something we have done wrong; or
1.4.3      if you are exercising your right to change your mind, by way of our complimentary collection service. ln all other circumstances you must pay the costs of return.
1.5
How we will refund you
. We will refund you the price you paid for the products including standard delivery costs, by the method you used for payment. However, we may make deductions from the price, as described below.
1.6
Deductions from refunds if you are exercising your right to change your mind
. If you are exercising your right to change your mind:
1.6.1      We may reduce your refund of the price (excluding delivery costs) to reflect any reduction in the value of the products, if this has been caused by your handling them in a way which would not be permitted in a store. For shoes in particular, we highly recommend that you try your Louis Vuitton shoes on a clean floor which would not alter the sole, such as a carpeted surface. Please note that the amount of the reduction could be equal to the full amount of the price if we are unable to sell the returned products because they do not meet our high standards of sale. If we refund you the price paid before we are able to inspect the products and later discover you have handled them in an unacceptable way, you must pay us an appropriate amount.
1.6.2      As standard delivery is complimentary, we will not refund delivery costs if you choose to have the product delivered by Express or Premium delivery.
1.7
When your refund will be made
. We will make any refunds due to you as soon as possible. If you are exercising your right to change your mind, your refund will be made within 14 days of your telling us you have changed your mind, except that we may withhold refund if you did not permit collection of the products as required under these Terms and Conditions within a reasonable time after notifying us of your decision to cancel the contract, or until you show us evidence you have dispatched the products in case you decided not to use our collection service.
10. Our rights to end the contract
1O. OUR RIGHTS TO END THE CONTRACT
10.1  We may end the contract if you break it. We may end the contract for a product at any time by writing to you if:
10.1.1   you do not make any payment to us when it is due; and/or
10.1.2   you do not, within a reasonable time, allow us to deliver the products to you or collect them from us.
10.2  If we end the contract in the situations set out in Condition 10.1 we will refund any money you have paid in advance for products we have not provided but we may deduct or charge you reasonable compensation for the net costs we will incur as a result of your breaking the contract.
11. If there is a problem with the product
1 1. 1
How to tell us about problems
. If you have any questions or complaints about the product, please contact us. You con telephone our Client Service Team or email us.
11.2
Your legal rights
. We are under a legal duty to supply products that are in conformity with this contract. Nothing in these terms will affect your legal rights. Are notably excluded from the warranty damage resulting from accidents, improper handling or use of the purchased item or abuse (in particular impacts, blows, crushing, abrasions, etc.), damage resulting from alterations due, in particular, to direct and prolonged exposure to sunlight and/or high temperatures, damage resulting from unauthorized modification or repair not carried out by Louis Vuitton, the consequences of normal wear and tear and aging, loss or theft of the purchased item
11.3
Your obligation to return rejected products
. If you wish to exercise your legal rights to reject products you must allow us to collect them from you. We will pay the costs of collection. Please call our Client Service Team or email us to arrange collection.
12. Our responsibility for loss or damage suffered by you
12.1
We are responsible to you for foreseeable loss and damage caused by us
. If we fail to comply with these terms, we are responsible for loss or damage you suffer that is a foreseeable result of our breaking this contract or our failing to use reasonable care and skill, but we are not responsible for any loss or damage that is not foreseeable. Loss or damage is foreseeable if either it is obvious that it will happen or if, at the time the contract was made, both we and you knew it might happen, for example, if you discussed it with us during the sales process.
12.2
We do not exclude or limit in any way our liability to you where it would be unlawful to do so
. This includes liability for death or persona! injury caused by our negligence or the negligence of our employees, agents or subcontractors; for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation; for breach of your legal rights in relation to the products; and for defective products under the Consumer Protection Act 1987.
12.3
We are not liable for business losses
. We only supply the products for domestic and private use. If you use the products for any commercial, business or re-sale purpose we will have no liability to you for any loss of profit, loss of business, business interruption, or loss of business opportunity.
13. Other important terms
13.1
Nobody else has any rights under this contract
. This contract is between you and us. No other person shall have any rights to enforce any of its terms.
13.2
If a court finds part of this contract illegal, the rest will continue in force
. Each of the paragraphs of these terms operates separately. If any court or relevant authority decides that any of them are unlawful, the remaining paragraphs will remain in full force and effect.
13.3
Even if we delay in enforcing this contract, we can still enforce it later
. If we do not insist immediately that you do anything you are required to do under these terms, or if we delay in taking steps against you in respect of your breaking this contract, that will not mean that you do not have to do those things and it will not prevent us taking steps against you at a later date. For example, if you miss a payment and we do not chase you but we continue to provide the products, we can still require you to make the payment at a later date.
13.4
Force Majeure
. Our performance of all or part of our obligations under these Terms and Conditions will be suspended in the event of the occurrence of a fortuitous event or force majeure which hinders or delays its performance
13.5
Which laws apply to this contract and where you may bring legal proceedings
. These terms are governed by English law and you can bring legal proceedings in respect of the products in the English courts. If you live in Scotland you can bring legal proceedings in respect of the products in either the Scottish or the English courts. If you live in Northern Ireland you can bring legal proceedings in respect of the products in either the Northern Irish or the English courts.
SPECIAL CONDITIONS OF SALE FOR PERSONALIZED ITEMS
Louis Vuitton offers a customization and/or customization offer for certain items. These include items made to your specific requests or clearly personalized, items with hot stamping (or other customization) and/or engraved perfumes. The Special Conditions of distance selling for these items are described below. All provisions of the Terms and Conditions above, not modified by these Special Conditions, remain applicable.
1.    ORDERING PROCESS
Ordering certain personalized items may not be available by phone. When using the customization service on the Website, the customer's creative choices are their responsibility and are only stored for the duration of their session (if the customer interrupts their session, they will be prompted to resume their creative choices from the beginning when they log in again). The customer is also fully responsible for ensuring that the details of the customization are correct, comply with their needs and all applicable laws and regulations. The customer also ensures that the content of the customization does not infringe any third-party rights and does not contain any personal data of another person.
Once the order has been validated by the customer on the Website, the customer will be debited for the amount of their order. The customer will then receive an email informing them of the shipment of the items.
Orders for items made to order from the "Perfume Engraving" service can be made by telephone or via the Website. Once the order has been placed, the customer will receive an email informing them that their order has been processed and will be debited for the total amount of their order. The customer will then receive an email informing them that the item has been shipped.
2.    RETURN OF CUSTOMIZED ITEMS
Given their clearly personalized and/or custom-made nature, the items referred to in these Special Terms and Conditions of Sale cannot be refunded or exchanged. Consequently, Article 8 of the Terms and Conditions of Sale above does not apply to these personalized and/or custom-made items. Notwithstanding the above, the customer continues to benefit from the guarantees provided for in Article 10 of the General Terms and Conditions of Sale above.
The Schedule Model Cancellation Form
(Complete and return this form only if you wish to withdraw from the contract)
To:
Louis Vuitton UK Ltd
Send us an email:
uk@contact.louisvuitton.com or using our EMAIL US contact form in the CLIENT SERVICES section of our Website.
Telephone:
call our Client Service Team at +44 207 998 6286 (local rate), Monday to Saturday from 9.00 am to 7.00 pm and Sunday 9.00 am to 5.00pm, excluding public holidays
I/We [*] hereby give notice that I/We [*] cancel my/our [*] contract of sale of the following products [*]
Ordered on [*]/received on [*],
Name of consumer(s),
Address of consumer(s),
Signature of consumer(s) (only if this form is notified on paper),
Date
[*] Delete as appropriate
© Crown copyright 2013.
[object Object]
[object Object]
[object Object]
1. These terms
2. Information about us and how to contact us
3. Our products
4. Placing orders and our contract with you
5. Price and payment
6. Providing the products
7. Exchanging products
8. Your rights to end the contract
9. How to end the contract with us (including if you have changed your mind)
10. Our rights to end the contract
11. If there is a problem with the product
12. Our responsibility for loss or damage suffered by you
13. Other important terms
SPECIAL CONDITIONS OF SALE FOR PERSONALIZED ITEMS
The Schedule Model Cancellation Form
Terms and conditions of use
Download PDF
This Web-Site (hereinafter the « Website ») is published by Louis Vuitton Malletier SAS, a company incorporated in France with a share capital of 21.119.700 Euros, registered with Paris Trade and Companies Registry under number 318 571 064, having its registered office located at 2 rue du Pont Neuf 75001 Paris, France. Tél : + 33 1 55 80 32 00.
Version 1.5
This Web-Site (hereinafter the « Website ») is published by Louis Vuitton Malletier SAS, a company incorporated in France with a share capital of 21.119.700 Euros, registered with Paris Trade and Companies Registry under number 318 571 064, having its registered office located at 2 rue du Pont Neuf 75001 Paris, France. Tél : + 33 1 55 80 32 00
Publishing Director for the Website is: Pietro Beccari.
The Website is hosted by
Orange Business Services SA
, with registered office located at 1, place des Droits de l’homme 93210 Saint-Denis La Plaine, France. Tél : +33 1 53 90 85 00
Access to the Website and the use of its contents is subject to the conditions set out below. By accessing the Website, the visitor is deemed to have irrevocably accepted these terms and conditions of use and to have agreed to abide by them. If the visitor does not accept these terms, its only remedy is to discontinue use of the Website.
This Website and all materials, text, code, content, software, graphics, photographs, illustrations, artwork, formats, files, devices and links contained in it or linked to it (together « Content ») are protected by copyrights, trademarks and other intellectual property rights owned by or licensed to, Louis Vuitton Malletier.
Anyone accessing this Website is entitled to view any part of it for private and personal use. However, Content must not be used or reproduced (in whole or in part) for any other purpose including, without limitation, on or in connection with any other Website or publication, or for direct commercial gain.
Louis Vuitton® products are sold exclusively through Louis Vuitton boutiques all over the world, or on the e-commerce section of the Website available solely within certain countries / regions as further detailed on the Website. Contracts for the supply of goods or services formed through the Website are governed by separate terms and conditions of sale.
Any purchase outside of these points of sale is entirely at the purchaser’s risk, in particular with regard to the authenticity of any such purchased items.
Subject to the terms below, Louis Vuitton Malletier takes steps to ensure that the information accessed via the Website is accurate and up-to-date but can give no guarantee or warranty as to the accuracy, timeliness or completeness of any information or material appearing on it. Louis Vuitton Malletier reserves the right to correct the Website content at any time without prior notice and without liability.
Louis Vuitton Malletier cannot be held liable for:
Any inaccuracy or omission in respect of the information or material provided on the Website by a third party
Any inability to access the Website due to any third party act or action.
The visitor hereby acknowledges that access to the Website may be interrupted at any time by Louis Vuitton for maintenance, security, or any other technical reason. Louis Vuitton will not be liable if for any reason the Website is unavailable at any time or for any period.
Save for liability which Louis Vuitton Malletier cannot by law restrict or exclude, Louis Vuitton Malletier shall have no liability to visitors to the Website or any third party for any direct, special, indirect, consequential or incidental damages, exemplary or lost profits, or any other damages of any kind whether based on warranty, contract, tort, negligence or otherwise, even where Louis Vuitton Malletier has been advised of the possibility of the same whether resulting from access to the Website, inability to access the Website or any information or material directly or indirectly provided through the Website or otherwise. This does not affect any liability of Louis Vuitton Malletier for fraud or for death or personal injury arising from its negligence.
Hypertext links to the Website (other than other websites operated by Louis Vuitton Malletier) may only be included with prior written consent from Louis Vuitton Malletier, which may be withheld at any time.  Louis Vuitton Malletier has no responsibility for the content of such pages.
Louis Vuitton hereby informs visitors that these general terms and conditions may be modified at any time. As soon as they are displayed online, each visitor who accesses the Website is deemed to have accepted these modifications without restriction.  It is therefore the visitor’s responsibility to read these terms and conditions prior to browsing the Website.
Version 1.5
UK Modern Slavery Act 2022 Statement
Download PDF
Business
LVUK is a subsidiary of Louis Vuitton Malletier SAS (“LVM”), which is closely linked to the LVMH Moët Hennessy Louis-Vuitton SE (“
LVMH
”) Group.
LVUK sells luxury and high quality products under the Louis Vuitton trademark as luggage, leather goods, bags, ready-to wear, shoes, watches and jewellery, accessories, perfumes and cosmetics, stationery, home decoration, electronic device, accessories, etc. (the “
Products
”), to clients in
the United Kingdom.
LVUK purchases from LVM the Products which are mainly manufactured through LV industrial subsidiaries (hereinafter LVM and its industrial subsidiaries together designated as the “
LV Group
”) and purchases directly to local suppliers products and services necessary to run its business.
Policies and Practices
LVUK’s commitment is to act with integrity in all its business dealings and to promote ethical conduct, to enhance compliance with applicable laws and to provide guidance with respect to business conduct.  It has a number of policies that are relevant to this commitment, which set out what LVUK expects from its employees, internal business and its external suppliers.
Key Policies are:
1- LV Group Suppliers' Code of Conduct
(the "
LV
Suppliers' Code of Conduct
"),
available upon request.
For several years now, LV Group requires its suppliers, their suppliers and contractors to share its commitments and act in full compliance with the relevant laws, including all national, local and international laws relating to the management of their businesses.
In the specific COVID-19 context, some businesses saw an increase in demand for certain products or services, which in turn required additional recruitment and new or expanded supply chains.  Time was often of the essence.
For example, as a large retail business actor, LV UK has engaged new supply chains in order to comply with new government regulations or industry-body recommendations related to COVID-19, such as the ordering and installation of plexiglass dividers. As with all other supply chains, LV UK has maintained close contact and rigorous checks on their supply chains in spite of the time pressure to comply to protect our workforce and the public.
Notwithstanding the challenge of the pandemic, LV UK continued its efforts to uphold its ethical standards within all of its activities, in particular through its LV’s Code of Conduct for landlords.
2- Louis Vuitton Ethical Charter (the “
LV Ethical Charter
")
, available upon request.
Our Anti-modern slavery Policy reflects our commitment to acting ethically and with integrity in all our business relationships and to implementing and enforcing effective systems and controls to ensure Modern Slavery including human trafficking is not taking place anywhere in our business or supply chains.
LVUK requires its employees, suppliers, their suppliers and contractors to engage in and promote honest and ethical conduct, comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations in their own area and act responsibly, with due care, competence and diligence when dealing with colleagues, customers, suppliers, agents and intermediaries.
The LV Ethical Charter reiterates the LVMH Code of Conduct and commitment to act to the highest standards of integrity, respect and engagement in their behaviours and in the way that they conduct business every day, everywhere.
The LV Ethical Charter further states that the group companies will inform all of its commercial partners of its ethical principles and expectations and will require its suppliers, their suppliers and contractors to comply with the principles set out in the LV Suppliers' Code of Conduct. In particular, this code specifies compliance with social issues to abide, respect and adhere to the company moral and ethical values in the management of the company concerning Human Rights, working conditions, forced labour and environmental issues.
LV UK promoted good business practices during the pandemic, including by maintaining open lines of communication with suppliers and taking care to avoid delaying payment owed or renegotiating contracts on unreasonable terms during this very challenging period. LV UK envisage that the measures help its commercial partners to conduct themselves ethically further reducing the risk of modern slavery in their organisation or supply chains.
Supplier and Contractor Due Diligence
LVUK ensures that LV Group new suppliers are carefully chosen and that, prior to entering into any new contractual relationship with a supplier or contractor, suppliers and contractors are complying with the LV Suppliers’ Code of Conduct.
LVUK reserves the right to check adherence of LV Group and its suppliers and contractors to the principles set out in the LV Suppliers' Code of Conduct and to conduct compliance audits at any time. Upon reasonable request, LVUK makes sure that LV Group, and its suppliers and contractors shall supply the necessary information and grant access to LVUK representatives to verify compliance with the requirements of the LV Suppliers' Code of Conduct. Suppliers and contractors shall further keep proper records to prove compliance with the LV Suppliers' Code of Conduct and provide access to complete, original, and accurate files to LVUK representatives.
LV Group suppliers and contractors may be required to improve and correct any deficiency discovered during any such audits.
LVUK shall use its reasonable endeavours to ensure that all LV Group supplier and contractor template contracts contain clauses requiring LV Group suppliers and contractors to adopt similar anti-modern slavery standards and practices.
Staff / Employees
1.
Training and Awareness
Despite the pandemic, LVUK continued to conduct regular training for its employees to ensure compliance with legal requirements across LVUK. The training enables LVUK to reduce business risk of non-compliance through efficient processes and reliable data and reporting.  All documentation, policies and updates are provided for easy access via the employee portal for all employees.
It is mandatory for all LVUK employees to familiarise themselves with this statement. It forms part of the induction training process for new employees and is available in English. LVUK’s aim is to eliminate any risk of Modern Slavery in its business operations and in its supply chains.
2.
Employees’ Code of Conduct
- Whistleblowing Policy/Internal Alert System
LV Group’s Employees Code of Conduct demonstrates LV Group’s ambition for its staff to act with, and commit to, integrity in the conduct of its business in an environment that is free from all form of unethical behaviour including modern slavery,  child labour, discrimination, corruption and harassment and therefore provides a common framework of values and principles to provide guidelines to its staff.
In the specific context of the COVID 19 pandemic, all employees continued to benefit from the whistleblowing alert system operated by an independent third party organisation, so that they can raise concerns about practices within the business or the supply chain.
Providing training on the Employees Code of Conduct and whistleblowing policy were included in the onboarding process and package to sign.
This statement is made pursuant to Section 54(1) of the Modern Slavery Act 2015 and constitutes LV UK’s slavery and human trafficking statement for the financial year ending 31 December 2021.
The Board of Directors of LVUK has approved this statement and it has been duly signed by the following director :
______________________________
Amandine ROHMER
Director - Louis Vuitton UK Limited
Date: 28 June 2023
Business
Policies and Practices
Supplier and Contractor Due Diligence
Staff / Employees
UK Modern Slavery Act 2016 Statement
Download PDF
Introduction
This statement is made pursuant to Section 54 of the Modern Slavery Act 2015 and sets out the steps Louis Vuitton Malletier SA (“LVM”) has taken during its financial year ending 31 December 2016 to ensure that slavery, servitude, forced or compulsory labour, and human trafficking (collectively, "Modern Slavery") is not taking place in any part of its business or in its supply chains.
LVM, which is closely linked to the LVMH Moët Hennessy Louis-Vuitton SE Group (“LVMH”), is the owner of the Louis Vuitton trademark (the “LV Trademark”) and tradename throughout the world and is active in the creation, distribution and sale of leather goods, luggage, ready-to-wear, shoes, jewellery, watches, sunglasses, perfumes and cosmetics, stationery, accessories and more generally luxury products bearing the LV Trademark (the “Products”).
LVM is the parent company of Louis Vuitton UK Limited (“LVUK”) which sells the Products to clients in the United Kingdom.
LVM purchases the Products which are mainly manufactured through the LV industrial subsidiaries (hereinafter LVM and its industrial subsidiaries together designated as the “LV Group”).
LVM, which is closely linked to the LVMH Moët Hennessy Louis-Vuitton SE Group (“LVMH”), is the owner of the Louis Vuitton trademark (the “LV Trademark”) and tradename throughout the world and is active in the creation, distribution and sale of leather goods, luggage, ready-to-wear, shoes, jewellery, watches, sunglasses, perfumes and cosmetics, stationery, accessories and more generally luxury products bearing the LV Trademark (the “Products”).
LVM is the parent company of Louis Vuitton UK Limited (“
LVUK
”) which sells the Products to clients in the United Kingdom.
LVM purchases the Products which are mainly manufactured through the LV industrial subsidiaries (hereinafter LVM and its industrial subsidiaries together designated as the “
LV Group
”).
Policies and Practices
LVM’s commitment is to act with integrity in all its business dealings and to promote ethical conduct, to enhance compliance with applicable laws and to provide guidance with respect to business conduct.  It has a number of policies that are relevant to this commitment, which set out what LVM expects from its employees, internal business and its external suppliers.
Key Policies are:
·
1.  LV Group Suppliers' Code of Conduct
(the "
LV
Suppliers' Code of Conduct
")
is available upon request.
LV Group requires its suppliers, their suppliers and contractors to share its commitments and act in full compliance with the relevant laws, including all national, local and international laws relating to the management of their businesses.
LV Group requires its suppliers to obtain prior approval before subcontracting any part of their supply chain process and LV Group’s approval is subject to acceptance by the subcontractor of the LV Suppliers' Code of Conduct and all other applicable conditions that LV Group determines.
·
2.  Louis Vuitton Ethical Charter (the “
LV Ethical Charter
")
is available upon request.
LVM’s Anti-modern slavery Policy reflects its commitment to acting ethically and with integrity in all its business relationships and to implementing and enforcing effective systems and controls to ensure Modern Slavery including human trafficking is not taking place anywhere in its business or its supply chains.
LVM requires its employees and suppliers, their suppliers and contractors to engage in and promote honest and ethical conduct, comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations in their own area and act responsibly, with due care, competence and diligence when dealing with colleagues, customers, suppliers, agents and intermediaries.
The LV Ethical Charter reiterates the LVMH Code of Conduct and commitment to act to the highest standards of integrity, respect and engagement in their behaviours and in the way that they conduct business every day, everywhere.
The LV Ethical Charter further states that the group companies will inform all of its commercial partners of its ethical principles and expectations and will require its suppliers to comply with the principles set out in the LV Suppliers' Code of Conduct. In particular, this code specifies compliance with social issues to abide, respect and adhere to the company moral and ethical values in the management of the company concerning Human Rights, working conditions, forced labour and environmental issues
Supplier and Contractor Due Diligence
LV Group ensures that its new suppliers are carefully chosen and that, prior to entering into any new contractual relationship with a supplier or contractor, suppliers and contractors are complying with the LV Suppliers’ Code of Conduct.
LVM reserves the right to check adherence of LV Group and its suppliers and contractors to the principles set out in the LV Suppliers' Code of Conduct and to conduct compliance audits at any time. Upon reasonable request, LVM makes sure that LV Group, and its suppliers and contractors shall supply the necessary information and grant access to LVM representatives to verify compliance with the requirements of the LV Suppliers' Code of Conduct. Suppliers and contractors shall further keep proper records to prove compliance with the LV Suppliers' Code of Conduct and provide access to complete, original, and accurate files to LVM representatives.
LV Group suppliers and contractors may be required to improve and correct any deficiency discovered during any such audits.
LVM shall use its reasonable endeavours to ensure that all LV Group supplier and contractor template contracts and the LV Suppliers' Code of Conduct contain provisions requiring LV Group suppliers and contractors to adopt similar anti-modern slavery standards and practices.
Training and Awareness
LVM conducts regular training for its employees to ensure compliance with legal requirements across LVM. The training enables LVM to reduce business risk of non-compliance through efficient processes and reliable data and reporting.  All documentation, policies and updates are provided for easy access via the employee portal for all employees.
It is mandatory for all LVM employees to familiarise themselves with this statement. It forms part of the induction training process for new employees. LVM’s aim is to eliminate any risk of Modern Slavery in its business operations and in its supply chains.
This statement is made pursuant to Section 54(1) of the Modern Slavery Act 2015 and constitutes LVM’s slavery and human trafficking statement for the financial year ending 31 December 2016.
The Board of Directors of LVM has approved this statement and it has been duly signed by the following director :
Michael Burke
President and CEO
Louis Vuitton Malletier
Date: June 28, 2017
Gender Pay Gap Reporting
Download PDF
For the purposes of this report, our gender pay gap is calculated using the approach required by the regulations, which compares the pay of males and females.
Mean Hourly Pay Difference – a gap of -1.2%
Median Hourly Pay Difference – a gap of 2.7%
Mean Bonus Difference – a gap of 17.8%
Median Bonus Difference – a gap of 26.4%
Exhibit LV Affiliates
Download PDF
PLEASE FIND BELOW THE RESPECTIVE ROLES OF LOUIS VUITTON ENTITES WITHIN OUR LOUIS VUITTON GROUP OF COMPANIES WITH RESPECT TO THE PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
1. Louis Vuitton Malletier, having its registered office at 2 rue du Pont Neuf, 75001 France, registered with Paris registry of trade under number 318 571 064:
Louis Vuitton Malletier defines the strategic orientations in terms of direct marketing and profiling for Louis Vuitton group of companies. Louis Vuitton Malletier therefore receives personal information of clients and prospects from other Louis Vuitton retail affiliates, as well as information on how visitors use Louis Vuitton websites and applications. Based on such information, Louis Vuitton Malletier conducts as data controller surveys and statistics which are then shared with Louis Vuitton affiliates.
Louis Vuitton Malletier therefore acts as a data controller when your personal information is used:
to send you commercial communications, including personalized communications;
or statistics and analytics purposes and/or to send you satisfaction surveys.
Louis Vuitton Malletier also acts as data controller when your personal information is used:
To provide you with services related to Louis Vuitton IOT products which you have purchased;
For fraud prevention and security purposes
2. LOUIS VUITTON RETAIL AFFILIATES LOCATED WITHIN THE EUROPEAN UNION (“EU”)
When you purchase a Louis Vuitton product in our Louis Vuitton stores in the EU, on our EU Louis Vuitton websites or through our EU Client Service, the Louis Vuitton retail affiliate based in the country / region where your product is delivered acts as data controller:
for the purpose of managing, completing and following-up on your order as well as
for sending you commercial communications (including invitations to events) and allowing personalised communication between you and your sales advisor.
You will find below the list of Louis Vuitton entities acting as data controller within the European Union
Austria: LOUIS VUITTON ÖSTERREICH G.M.B.H., Seitzergass 2-4, 1010 Wien
Italy: Louis Vuitton Division of LVMH ITALIA S.P.A., Largo Augusto 8, 20141 Milano
Belgium : LOUIS VUITTON BELGIUM SA, 81 Avenue Louise, 1050 Bruxelles
Luxembourg : LOUIS VUITTON LUXEMBOURG S.A.R.L., 2 Avenue de la Porte Neuve, L-2227 Luxembourg
Czech Republic: LOUIS VUITTON CESKA S.R.O., Pařížská 1074/3, 11000 Praha 1
Netherlands: LOUIS VUITTON B.V., Pieter Cornelisz Hooftstraat 65 -67, 1071BP Amsterdam
Denmark: LOUIS VUITTON DANEMARK A/S, 2 Amagertorv, 1160 Copenhagen K
Poland : LOUIS VUITTON POLSKA SP. Z O.O., ul. Bracka 9, 00-501 Warszawa
Finland : LOUIS VUITTON SUOMI OY, Pohjoisesplanadi 35, 00100 Helsinki
Portugal : LOUIS VUITTON PORTUGAL MALEIRO, LIMITADA, Avenida da Liberdade 190, A, 1250-147 Lisboa
France : SOCIETE DES MAGASINS LOUIS VUITTON – FRANCE SNC, 2 Rue du Pont Neuf, 75001 Paris
Romania : LOUIS VUITTON ROMANIA, 90 rue Calea 13 Septembrie, The Grand Avenue – Secteur 5, 050726 Bucarest
Germany: LOUIS VUITTON DEUTSCHLAND GMBH, Leopoldstrasse 8, 80802 Munich
Ireland: LOUIS VUITTON IRELAND LIMITED, 6th Floor, South Bank House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4
Greece: LOUIS VUITTON HELLAS COMMERCIAL SOCIETE ANONYME, 19 Voukourestiou Street, 10673 Athens
Spain: Louis Vuitton division of LVHM IBERIA SL, Isla de Java 33, 28034 Madrid
Hungary: LOUIS VUITTON HUNGARIA, Andrássy út 24, 1061 Budapest
Sweden: LOUIS VUITTON AKTIEBOLAG, Birger Jarlsgatan 5A, 111 45 Stockholm
3. Louis Vuitton affiliates outside of the EU
Our Louis Vuitton retail affiliates within our Louis Vuitton Group of companies in the following countries / regions may access your personal information in order to provide you with the same quality of service wherever you chose to interact with Louis Vuitton around the world (
ie
when you travel and purchase LV products, or visit LV stores, overseas).
Transfer of your personal information to these countries / regions is possible either because these countries / regions are recognised by European Commission as providing adequate level of protection with respect to your personal information, or because Louis Vuitton Malletier has entered into European Commission Standard Contractual Clauses with its affiliates in these countries / regions, thereby ensuring adequate level of protection for your personal information.
Aruba
Bahrain
Brazil
Canada
Chile
China
Colombia
Dominican Republic
Guam
Hong Kong
Indonesia
Israel
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
South Korea
Kuwait
Lebanon
Macau
Malaysia
Mexico
Morocco
New Zealand
Norway
Panama
Philippines
Qatar
Russian Federation
Saipan
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
South Africa
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Turkey
Ukraine
UAE
UK
USA
Vietnam
1. Louis Vuitton Malletier, having its registered office at 2 rue du Pont Neuf, 75001 France, registered with Paris registry of trade under number 318 571 064:
2. LOUIS VUITTON RETAIL AFFILIATES LOCATED WITHIN THE EUROPEAN UNION (“EU”)
3. Louis Vuitton affiliates outside of the EU