New Internationalist privacy policy
N
ew Internationalist believes that you have the right to control the use of your personal information, and we strive to make sure that your privacy is always respected.
We sometimes need to collect some information about you to enable us to provide the various services we offer. This statement explains the circumstances under which we collect information about you, what information we collect and how we handle that information.
We recognize that some readers may have reason to fear or simply object to government or corporate surveillance of their online habits and so we also offer some suggestions on how to maintain your privacy both on this site and others.
General Principles
We only ever collect information about you that we need in order to provide the service you have requested or very closely related services.
We strictly limit the processing of your personal information, and work only with other organizations that also observe equally strict limits.
We will do everything we can to resist attempts by government agencies or private-sector organizations to gain access to any information that you give us.
We will store your data securely and transmit it only in encrypted form.
We are registered as a data collector with the office of the Information Commissioner, our registration number is Z8974619
When and why we collect information about you
New Internationalist offers various services to the public, to our subscribers and to our other customers. We often need to hold some details of people in order to provide them with a service. If we collect information about you, we will only use this information to provide the service that you have requested and for very closely related purposes. For example, we might use information about people who bought a book to contact those people when we published a similar book. If you choose to subscribe to any of our services, you can of course cancel the arrangement at any time and we aim to make doing so as easy as possible.
Magazine Subscribers
We collect some data when you purchase a subscription from us including your name, address, bank details (in the case of direct debit) or card details (in the case of card payments) and email address. We need this information to fulfil your order. Your data is transmitted over an SSL-encrypted connection to our fulfilment house, dsb.net (who act as our Data Processors).
We will occasionally contact you with offers and changes related to New Internationalist magazine. You can choose not to be contacted in this way — please let us know that you wish to be removed from this sort of communication on the
contact us
page, or by writing to us at the address below and we will remove you from future communications.
We will also add you to our free fortnightly enews email (see "Email Subscribers" below). You can unsubscribe at any time.
Ten years after your subscription with us has lapsed, we will assume that you no longer have any interest in hearing from us and we will delete your data.
Email Subscribers
When you sign up to our e-news email list we collect a few bits of data about you in order to provide email updates, news about our online shop and other email communications that we think you will appreciate. These include your name and email address. A third party called WhatCounts stores this information for us on its secure servers. You can see their privacy policy at
http://www.whatcounts.com/privacy-policy/
WhatCounts is certified under the US-EU Safe Harbor Framework. This means that your privacy is protected to at least the standard required by the European Union. You can learn more about the Safe Harbor programme and view WhatCounts certification at
http://www.export.gov/safeharbor
When you sign up to our currents email list, your email is shared with Ghost Foundation Ltd and also shared with WhatCounts. You can view Ghost Foundation's privacy statement at
https://ghost.org/privacy/
You have the right to unsubscribe at any time. We might ask you why you are unsubscribing in order to improve our services, but you are not obliged to give a reason.
If you request it, we will delete your information completely from the WhatCounts and Ghost databases. We cannot, however, guarantee that it will be deleted from all backups.
You can subscribe to our e-news or currents lists anonymously or with a pseudonym. If you would prefer not to share your personal email address you might consider an anonymous remailer or an email forwarding service.
Website visitors
Links
Like all websites
http://newint.org
has links to other websites. We aren’t responsible for the content of those sites or for how they handle your privacy.
Web Server Log Files
Like most websites, we collect data about our visitors in our web server log files.  The information in the log files include your IP (internet protocol) address, your ISP (internet service provider, such as Virgin Media, Be Broadband, BT or Shaw Cable), the browser you used to visit our site (eg Chrome, Firefox or Epiphany), the time you visited our site and which pages you visited. We use this information for administrative purposes and retain it for up to a month. This information is typically hard to tie to a single individual without extensive resources and we never attempt to do so. You can avoid us and other websites logging your personal IP address by using a vpn service, or by using Tor, which can be downloaded from
https://www.torproject.org/
.
Cookies
Cookies are small files or database entries that websites can place on your machine. They can be used to help identify you where we need to, for example to customize your view of our website. We use a number of third party services which place cookies on your machine. You can find out more about cookies, including how to control and delete them at
http://www.allaboutcookies.org
When you visit newint.org or subscribe.newint.org we show you a notification about cookies with a link that lets you opt in or out of receiving nonessential cookies.
On newint.org the first party cookies that we use are:
SSESS[bd1566c96805ea89b3aa7a56eb6d28c31]
site status, customizations, whether you are logged in.
cookiesjsr
records your cookie optin/out choices.
spb_timeblock-newint-popup5
used to manage our marketing popup.
On subscribe.newint.org the first party cookies that we use are:
aelia_customer_country
what country you appear to be in used to set your local currency
aelia_cs_selected_currency
your currently selected currency
cw_conversation
used by our ChatWoot chat solution
sbjs_*
these cookies are used to track your interactions with order attributes on the site
cl_*
these cookies record your cookie opt in and optout choices
On ethicalshop.org the main cookies we use are:
_gcl_au
used by google adsense to track customer behaviour so we can target advertising effectively
_ga_Z2M9KZVBRX
google
analytics tracking
__stripe_mid
used to communicate with one of our payment gateways, Stripe
PHPSESSID
is used to keep track of preferences, login status and so on.
form_key
used to make automated spam orders and card testing more difficult for spammers
mage_cache
* used to manage the cache status of the content you are viewing
recently_viewed*,recently_compared*
keep a list of products that you looked at or compared recently - keeping them like this speeds up the site
private_content_version
has encoded information about private data (like what you have in your cart at present)
product_data_storage
used to store information about recently viewed products
amcookie_*
tracks your cookie optins/optouts
Third Party Cookies
We use a number of third party services for analytics and advertising, some of which place cookies on your machine. You can
opt-out
of getting cookies from these services (with the exception of Cloudflare) using the link. Opting out won't delete any cookies already placed. If you change your mind and would like to help us understand our audience better and show relevant ethical ads, you can also
opt-in
.
The services which place cookies on your machine when you browse our website are:
Google Analytics — We use Google  Analytics to help analyse use of our website by collecting anonymous visitor behaviour information. This information is transmitted to Google.  You can see Google’s privacy policy at:
http://www.google.com/privacy/privacy-policy.html
You can opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites at:
http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
.
Cloudflare  — we use Cloudflare to improve our sites loading times. You can see Cloudflare’s privacy policy at:
https://community.cloudflare.com/privacy
. You can avoid these cookies being placed on your machine by by using an adblocker like
uBlock origin
. These cookies are necessary to the functioning of newint.org so it is not possible for us to provide a simple opt out as with the other third party cookies.
You can use your browser's Do Not Track feature, or use a browser plugin like
Privacy Badger
or an adblocker like
uBlock origin
should you wish to block any or all of the third-party cookies we use on
newint.org
.
Facebook Custom Audiences and Pixel
We may share an obfuscated ("one-way hashed") version of your email address with Facebook, to help us ensure our Facebook posts reach individuals that are likely to be interested in them — saving us money and helping us to achieve the greatest impact. Facebook won't actually see your email address but it can work out from the "hashed" version if you have a Facebook account and find people with similar interests to you if you do. Facebook says it will not use this information for any other purpose. You can opt out of this by emailing us at ni@newint.org or calling our customer services team on 01865 403345.
We use the Facebook Pixel and Conversions API to track the effectiveness of our Facebook adverts. We track the effectiveness of Facebook ads by seeing whether people were directed to our "thank you" page on our "give" system, after clicking on a Facebook advert.
You can opt out of such Facebook tracking within your Facebook account (under "Settings" | "Your Facebook Information." | "Off-Facebook Activity" ).
Shop Customers
Personal Information
We collect some data about you when you make a purchase from our shop, including your name, address, email and the products you want to buy. We need this information to fulfil your order. We transmit your information over an SSL encrypted connection to our fulfilment house as well as storing it on our secure server. We will occasionally contact you with more information about New Internationalist and about our shops. Naturally, you can choose not to be contacted in this way — just let us know at the street or email address below and you’ll be removed from future communications.
Credit card details
When you buy something from our online shop or donate to support New Internationalist, we also ask for your credit card details. These are processed by Stripe or Paypal in the Ethical Shop or when donating, entirely on Stripe's website. In North America they are transmitted encrypted to a regional payment gateway, Bambora (formerly Beanstream). We do not store your credit card data,but our payment processors do. They have to store the data in order to process your payment. You can read Stripe’s privacy policy at:
https://stripe.com/us/privacy/
. You can read Paypal’s privacy policy at:
https://www.paypal.com/us/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full
. You can read Bambora’s privacy policy at:
https://www.bambora.com/EN/CA/privacy-policy
.
Cookies
In addition to our standard website cookies and third-party cookies (listed above), we also need to set some cookies on your browser to allow us to track your shopping session and enable you to shop. You won’t be able to use our shop online with cookies switched off, but you could phone your order through on  01709 513999.
New Internationalist app users
Personal Information
When you download the New Internationalist app, Apple (in the case of iPads or iPhones) or Google (in the case of Android devices) will record information about you as well.
We may use your data to share New Internationalist content and offers with you. We will always provide you with a mechanism to unsubscribe from these communications.
Apple EULA
If you use the New Internationalist app on an Apple device then your use of it is governed be the
End User Licence Agreement
Magazine Subscribers
When you subscribe to New Internationalist magazine, we collect information about you that is necessary for us to fulfil your subscription. This information can include your name, address, phone number, email address and, if you are paying by direct debit, your bank account details.
Your information is held on our secure server.
We sometimes share your data with other organizations for profiling to help us understand our customers better. You can ask us not to use your information in this way by contacting us at the email or street addresses below.
Accessing your information
General Data Protection Regulation
Under the European General Data Protection Regulation, EU citizens are entitled to ask New Internationalist whether we hold any personal information about you and what information we hold. This process is called making a ’Subject Access Request’. Regardless of whether you are an EU citizen, if we have any information about you we will:
Tell you what the information is
Tell you why we’re holding it
Tell you to whom we are obliged to disclose it and under what circumstances
Let you have a copy of it in an intelligible form — typically an openly documented electronic format or a paper copy. We do not charge for providing electronic copies.
To make a request to for any personal information we may hold, you need to put the request in writing to the email or postal address below.
If you are happy for us to do so, we will try to deal with your request informally, for example by providing you with the specific information you need over the telephone.
If we do hold information about you, you can ask us to correct any mistakes by contacting us at the email or postal address below.
We may ask you to confirm your identity before providing this information, so that there is no risk of data falling into the wrong hands.
Complaints and other feedback about privacy
New Internationalist aims to meet and even exceed the highest standards when collecting and using personal information. We take any complaints we receive extremely seriously. We encourage you to bring it to our attention if you think that our collection or use of information is unfair, misleading or inappropriate. We also welcome any feedback about our procedures. You can contact us at the email or street address below should you wish to make a complaint or offer feedback.
Revisions and Changes
We will keep this statement under review and will add any changes to this webpage. Here is the revision history for this policy.
2025-03-05 — Update cookies information post cookie audit
2025-01-09 — Add information about Ghost and remove information about dsbnet and CDS.
2023-06-08 — Add section about Facebook tracking pixel.
2021-11-26 — Add link to Apple EULA.
2019-01-28 — Update cookies information - remove Google remarketing reference, and reference to Bricolage-era cookie opt-in.
2018-07-04 — Added information about how to opt out of cookies, pulled complaints policy off page, added info about thirdPartyoptOutCookie and cookieNotifHiddenByUser cookies
2018-05-29 — Changed data protection act title to GDPR
2018-05-22 — Removed reference to Facebook pixel as no longer used.
2018-05-16 — Removing sections about third party data sharing, update app information.
2018-04-03 — Add section about FB pixel in advance of implementation. Remove section about commenting. Update section about payment processors.
2018-02-22 — Change contact email to link to contact page, updates to cookie section to reflect launch of support us system and retirement of various other web services (sharethis, quantcast et al.)
2017-03-09 — Added "Facebook custom audiences" section, replace Ghostery with Privacy Badger as a cookie blocker.
2016-01-11 — Added landref cookie to "our cookies" section.
2015-02-03 — Updated address.
2013-09-06 — Added cookie notification information and changed to mention the cookie that is set when you click I understand.
2013-05-06 — Added section for Google remarketing.
2013-05-22 — Formatting changes, added section for New Internationalist for iPad, clarified shop payments section.
2011-05-26 — Initial Version
Contact Details
Please direct feedback, complaints or queries to:
New Internationalist — Privacy
Old Music Hall
106-108 Cowley Rd.
Oxford
OX4 1JE UK.
Or use our online
contact form
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.whatcounts.com/privacy-policy/:
WhatCounts Privacy Policy
At Mansell Group D.B.A WhatCounts, Inc., its affiliates and subsidiaries, (Collectively, “
WhatCounts
,” “
we
,” “
us
,” or “
our
”), we respect and protect the privacy of our customers (“
you
,” “
Customer
,” or “
your
”), website visitors and, to the extent required under applicable law, certain third parties associated with our customers. This “
Privacy Policy
” describes our practices for how your personal information is collected and used. This Privacy Policy applies to information that we collect and maintain about you when you visit the WhatCounts website (“
Site
”) or use any WhatCounts product or service (“
Services
”), and from other sources.
By visiting the Site or by purchasing or using the Services, you expressly consent to the use and disclosure of your information as described below. If you are a Customer, this Privacy Policy is made subject to, and is a part of, our standard terms of use or other written agreement between us.
Information Collected
We primarily collect and maintain three categories of information, which categories may include both information that can be used to identify or contact an individual (“personal information”) and other non-personal information:
Customer Information.
You may provide, and we may collect, information when you activate, subscribe for or otherwise use the Services (“
Customer Information
”). Examples of Customer Information include your account information such as username and password, billing information, name, email address, mailing address, phone number, usage details of the Service, information related to support or service requests, and current geographic location and language.
Target Data.
We collect data stored or uploaded by you into the Services about the behavior and demographics of your customers and other third parties that consent to the receipt of marketing and other content from you, or that otherwise interact electronically with you or your website (“
Target Data
”). All Target Data is controlled by our Customers, who are the data controllers for such information with respect to EU data protection laws and regulations. Each Customer is responsible for obtaining the requisite consent in accordance with applicable law from its customers and third parties for us to collect and use the Target Data as necessary for the provision of the Services. Except as provided herein, we will not process Target Data for other purposes or by other means than as instructed by our Customers.
Usage Information.
When you access or use our Services or Site we automatically collect certain information via technologies such as cookies and web beacons (“
Usage Information
”), which may include data about visitors to the Site who may or may not be our customers. Examples of Usage Information include IP addresses or other device addresses or ID, browser and device type, geo-location data, and dates and time of the visit or use of the Services or Site. We may also employ web beacons to collect information regarding your or your customer’s interaction with email messages, such as whether a message is opened or forwarded. More information on how and why we collect Usage Information is in the “Cookies and Web Beacons” section of the Privacy Policy below.
Information from Other Sources.
We may obtain Customer Information, including personal information, about you or a prospective customer from our business partners or other third parties, for the purposes of providing you with improved Services.
Although we do not actively collect such information, certain information that is provided to us by our customers may relate to or contain personal information specifying medical or health conditions, racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, or information specifying the sex life of an individual (any such information, “
Sensitive Information
”).
Children's Information
The Site and Services are not intended to be used by children under the age of sixteen (16) for residents of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and under the age of thirteen (13) for all others, and we do not knowingly collect information from such children. If we become aware that a child under the age of thirteen (13) (or a child from the EEA under the age of sixteen (16)) has provided us with information, we will remove it from our systems. If you believe we might have any information from or about underage children, please contact us at
privacy@whatcounts.com
.
How We Use Your Information
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information, in various ways, including the following:
We use Customer Information that we collect to provide, maintain, improve and develop our Services, to provide information, products, support or services that you request from us; to fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it; and to carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection.
If you have provided your contact information to us, you agree we may use such information to contact you for marketing purposes via direct mail, email, telephone, pre-recorded messages, text messages, instant messages or other communications methods. If, however, you live in the European Union or another jurisdiction where affirmative and express consent is required, we will obtain such consent before contacting you for marketing purposes. For all of our customers, if at any time you do not want us to use your information in this way, or to pass your details on to third parties for marketing purposes, please opt-out by following the instructions set forth below.
Customer Support.
If you have a problem, comment, or request concerning the Site or the Services, we will use the contact information provided by you to respond to those problems, comments or requests. In certain instances, our response may be provided to other WhatCounts customers or third parties as necessary to respond to any problem, comment, or request, but any such response shall not include your personally identifiable information.
Target Data.
WhatCounts may use Target Data in connection with its performance of the Services, and in accordance with the instructions provided by the applicable Customer. We may also use non-personally identifiable Target Data in aggregate and blinded formats that do not identify, reference or imply an association with, Customer or its customers, for the purposes of creating benchmarking, statistical, research and marketing analyses, surveys, reports and studies. If you are a customer of one of our Customers and would no longer like to be contacted by one of our Customers that use our Service, please contact the Customer that you interact with directly.
Usage Information.
We use Usage Information generally to improve the accessibility and usage of our Site and Services. We may use Usage Information to personalize the Services to you, provide customized advertising, marketing, content or information, communicate with Site visitors, monitor and analyze Site usage and access.
Disclosure of Your Information
We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this privacy policy under the following circumstances:
Disclosures With Your Consent.
We may disclose your personal information to third parties with your consent, or if we notify you that the information you provide will be shared in a particular manner and you provide such information.
Disclosures Required by Law.
Under certain circumstances, Customer Information and Target Data may be subject to disclosure pursuant to judicial or other government subpoenas, warrants, or orders or we may be required to disclose such information in order to enforce or apply our terms of use or other agreements, or to protect the rights, property, or safety of WhatCounts, our customers, or third parties. In such circumstances, you agree WhatCounts may disclose such information to the extent necessary to comply with such legal order or requirement (“
Disclosures Required by Law
”).
Disclosures To Our Affiliates.
We may share your information that we collect, or provide to us, with our affiliates. WhatCounts affiliates will use such shared information in a manner consistent with their privacy policies, which shall be no less stringent than this privacy policy.
Disclosures To Our Partners.
Where lawful to do so, and subject to your consent where required, we may provide Customer names to certain trusted business partners for marketing purposes, but will never share any Target Data with such business partners.
Disclosures To Service Providers.
In addition to Disclosures Required by Law, we may engage subcontractors, service providers and other third parties to help us deliver, maintain, upgrade, create, or improve the Site and/or the Service, and these parties may have access to certain of your information in the course of providing such services. Further, we may share your information with third parties in connection with our analysis of Site usage, as discussed below, under “
Cookies and Web Beacons
”. In the event you do not agree to any such disclosure, you may contact us as discussed below to modify or delete the information we hold. Additionally, aside from in connection with Disclosures Required by Law, any disclosure to a third party of personal information of data subjects within the EEA will only be made if such third party satisfies the requirements of the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield (as defined below), or has entered into a written agreement with us providing that it will provide at least the level of privacy protection as is provided in the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework.
Disclosures Due to Changes of Ownership.
We may also provide your Information to a third party in connection with a merger, sale, or acquisition transaction, in which case we will require any such third party to agree to treat your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
WhatCounts reserves the right to share any information that is not deemed personal information or is not otherwise subject to contractual restrictions.
Except as otherwise set forth herein (and, in the case of a Customer, set forth in our standard terms of use or other written agreements between us), we will not sell, rent or lease to others your Customer Information or your Target Data.
Third Party Websites
As part of the Services, the Site may contain links to websites operated by third parties. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of any third party websites. Customers and visitors who link to third party websites from the Site should check the privacy and security policy statements of such third party websites to understand the policies and practices of such third party websites as we are not responsible for those policies and practices. Customers and visitors who access a linked site may be disclosing their private information to the owner of such third party websites. Please review these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites. It is your responsibility to keep such information private and confidential.
International Transfers
From time to time, personal information from data subjects in the EEA that we collect may be transferred or accessed by entities who may be based outside of the EEA. We may also allow our service providers or assistance providers, who may be located outside the EEA, access to your personal data. We may also make other disclosures of your personal data overseas, for example, if we receive a legal or regulatory request from a foreign law enforcement body. We will always take steps to ensure that any international transfer of information is carefully managed to protect your rights and interests. For example, transfers to our service providers and other third parties will always be protected by contractual commitments, further assurances where appropriate, such as the European Commission’s approved Standard Contractual Clauses, or certification schemes such as the EU – U.S. Privacy Shield for the protection of personal data transferred from within the EU to the United States of America.
Data Retention
WhatCounts will not retain your personal information longer than is necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.
Choice and Access - Control, E-mail, and Opt-Out
You may request access to and correction of, amendment to, or deletion of any information provided to us at any time by contacting us at
privacy@whatcounts.com
. You may also request your information by mail addressed to WhatCounts, 3445 Peachtree Road NE, Suite 600 Atlanta GA 30326. We will respond to any written requests within thirty days.
You may always decline to share certain personal information with us, in which case we may not be able to provide to you some of the features and functionality of the Services.
If you received one or more e-mails from us, it means one of two things: (i) your e-mail address is on our list of customers, free trial users or prospective customers; or (ii) you have provided us your e-mail address so that we could contact you. If you believe you received an email from us in error, please contact us immediately at
privacy@whatcounts.com
.
We provide you with the opportunity to opt-out of receiving certain communications from us at any point in time. If you wish to cease receiving e-mails and other communications from us, you can opt-out of by contacting us at
privacy@whatcounts.com
.
In the event we become aware that we have collected Sensitive Information, we will obtain your consent prior to revealing such Sensitive Information to any unauthorized third party or to using it for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected.
In addition to the above rights of access, correction, amendment or deletion, if you live in the EU, you may, subject to applicable law, have some or all of the following rights with respect to your personal information:
to restrict processing of your personal data under certain circumstances
to transmit your data (as provided by you, directly or otherwise collected by us by virtue of your use of the Services) in machine-readable format to you or to a third party when we justify our processing on the basis of your consent or the performance of a contract with you;
to withdraw your consent to our processing of your personal data (where that processing is based on your consent);
to obtain, or see a copy of the appropriate safeguards under which your personal data is transferred to a third country or international organization;
to object, at any time, to the processing of your personal information, on legitimate grounds, except if otherwise permitted by applicable law;
to erase your personal data (in limited circumstances, such as where it is no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which it was collected or processed); and
to file a complaint with your local supervisory authority for data protection.
If you are seeking to exercise any of the foregoing rights, please contact us at
privacy@whatcounts.com
.
Please note that WhatCounts has no direct relationship with our Customer’s customers or other third parties whose personal information we may process as Target Data on behalf of a Customer. An individual who seeks access, or who seeks to correct, amend, or delete inaccurate data, or has other inquiries with respect to their personal information should direct his or her query to the Customer they deal with directly.
Security of the Information Collected
We use technical, administrative, and physical security measures to protect against the loss, misuse, alteration, disclosure, and unauthorized access of data used by our system, and to ensure that all data used by our system is reliable for its intended use, and is accurate, complete, and current. Also, we provide each customer with a unique username and password that must be entered each time a customer logs into its account. No data transmissions over the Internet, however, are guaranteed to be completely secure. While we strive to protect your data from unauthorized use or disclosure, WhatCounts does not warrant or guarantee the security of the data that you provide to us; any transmission of data is at your own risk.
Cookies and Web Beacons
Cookies are files that web browsers place on a computer’s hard drive to tell site owners whether an individual has interacted with the website previously. WhatCounts uses cookies to recognize repeat visits by users of the Site and to collect information about our Customers’ interactions with the Services. The use of cookies enables us to make your experience with the Site and Services easier and more meaningful.
There are two types of cookies: session-based cookies and persistent-based cookies. Session cookies exist only during an online session. They disappear from your computer when you close your browser software or turn off your computer. Persistent cookies remain on your computer after you have closed your browser or turned off your computer. They include such information as a unique identifier for your browser. Standing alone, cookies do not contain personal data, and therefore do not identify you personally; they merely recognize your browser. Unless you choose to identify yourself to WhatCounts, either by responding to a promotional offer, using the Services, or registering for a free trial, you will remain anonymous to WhatCounts.
From time to time, we may ourselves or may engage third parties to track and analyze non-personally identifiable usage and volume statistical information from visitors to the Site to help us administer the Site and improve its quality. Such third parties may use cookies to help track visitor behavior, including visitor responsiveness to online advertisements. Such cookies will not be used to associate individual Site visitors with any personal data. All data collected by such third parties on our behalf is used only to provide us with information on Site usage and will not be shared with any other third parties, and any such third party either satisfies the requirements of the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield or have entered into a written agreement with us providing that it will provide at least the level of privacy protection as required by the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework.
The cookies we use do not transmit personally identifiable information to us or to our service providers. You have the choice to opt-out of receiving cookies from both WhatCounts and third parties which will prevent WhatCounts and third parties from tracking information about the online advertisements that you visit. Please note that you still will have the ability to view our online advertisements even if you opt-out of receiving cookies OR if you choose to disable cookies, you may still use the Site; however, you may have limited access to some areas within the Site.
You may block cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies; however, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies), you may not be able to access all or parts of our Site.
Pages of the Site and our e-mails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit us for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an email and for other related statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain delivered content and offers). Our web beacons may collect some contact information (e.g., the email address associated with an email message that contains a web beacon).
Google Analytics
We also use a third-party service, Google Analytics, a web analytics service which uses cookies to measure, analyze and report on access to and usage of our Site. The information generated by the Google Analytics cookie about visitors to the Site (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google Analytics does not identify individual users or associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. In addition, our Site uses third-party cookies (DoubleClick cookies) provided by the Google Analytics service for a specific feature called Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting. This feature gives us insight into behavior information relating to visitor age, gender and interests on an anonymous and aggregate level. This will help us to understand browsing behavior to give you a better experience while visiting our Site and to help use refine our marketing message and to better serve our user base. If you would like to opt-out of Google Analytics you can download and install the add-on for your web browser at:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en-GB
There are two types of cookies: session-based cookies and persistent-based cookies. Session cookies exist only during an online session. They disappear from your computer when you close your browser software or turn off your computer. Persistent cookies remain on your computer after you have closed your browser or turned off your computer. They include such information as a unique identifier for your browser. Standing alone, cookies do not contain personal data, and therefore do not identify you personally; they merely recognize your browser. Unless you choose to identify yourself to WhatCounts, either by responding to a promotional offer, using the Services, or registering for a free trial, you will remain anonymous to WhatCounts.
From time to time, we may ourselves or may engage third parties to track and analyze non-personally identifiable usage and volume statistical information from visitors to the Site to help us administer the Site and improve its quality. Such third parties may use cookies to help track visitor behavior, including visitor responsiveness to online advertisements. Such cookies will not be used to associate individual Site visitors with any personal data. All data collected by such third parties on our behalf is used only to provide us with information on Site usage and will not be shared with any other third parties, and any such third party either satisfies the requirements of the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield or have entered into a written agreement with us providing that it will provide at least the level of privacy protection as required by the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework.
The cookies we use do not transmit personally identifiable information to us or to our service providers. You have the choice to opt-out of receiving cookies from both WhatCounts and third parties which will prevent WhatCounts and third parties from tracking information about the online advertisements that you visit. Please note that you still will have the ability to view our online advertisements even if you opt-out of receiving cookies OR if you choose to disable cookies, you may still use the Site; however, you may have limited access to some areas within the Site.
You may block cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies; however, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies), you may not be able to access all or parts of our Site.
Pages of the Site and our e-mails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit us for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an email and for other related statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain delivered content and offers). Our web beacons may collect some contact information (e.g., the email address associated with an email message that contains a web beacon).
EU-U.S. Privacy Shield
WhatCounts complies with the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from European Economic Area countries. WhatCounts has certified that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles of Notice, Choice, Accountability for Onward Transfer, Security, Data Integrity and Purpose Limitation, Access, and Recourse, Enforcement and Liability. If there is any conflict between the policies in this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification page, please visit
https://www.privacyshield.gov/
.
WhatCounts’s accountability for personal data that it receives under the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield and subsequently transfers to a third party is described in the Privacy Shield Principles. In particular, WhatCounts remains responsible and liable under the Privacy Shield Principles if third-party agents that it engages to process the personal data on its behalf do so in a manner inconsistent with the Principles, unless WhatCounts proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
We conduct periodic internal reviews, and provide employee training, to ensure our compliance with this Privacy Policy. Any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, our use of your information, or the Privacy Shield should be directed to WhatCounts, at
privacy@whatcounts.com
.
In compliance with the EU-US Privacy Shield Principles, WhatCounts commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information. European Union individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding this privacy policy should first contact us at
privacy@whatcounts.com
. If we do not resolve your complaint, you may submit it free of charge to JAMS, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States that we have designated to address complaints. Please visit the JAMS website at
https://www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-privacy-shield
for more information. During a dispute, WhatCounts is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. Under certain conditions specified by the Privacy Shield Principles, you may also be able to invoke binding arbitration to resolve your complaint.
Your California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section § 1798.83 permits users of our Site or Services that are California residents to request certain information, including the categories of personal information disclosed to third parties for their marketing purposes and the names and addresses of those third parties, regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. If you are California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request via email to
privacy@whatcounts.com
.
Some Internet browsers include the ability to transmit “Do Not Track” signals. We do not currently process or respond to “Do Not Track” signals. To learn more about “Do Not Track”, please visit “All About Do Not Track.”
California Residents
The Personal Information about you that we collect includes information within the categories of data defined by California state privacy laws and provided below. Under the CCPA, “Personal Information” means information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked with a particular consumer or household.  Personal Information does not include:
(1) de-identified or aggregated information;
(2) “publicly available information” that is lawfully made available from federal, state, or local government records; or
(3) information excluded from the CCPA, such as Protected Health Information or medical information that is subject to HIPAA, or other personal information covered by certain other privacy laws, such as the Fair Credit Reporting Act, the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, or California Financial Information Privacy Act, and the Driver’s Privacy Protection Act of 1994.
We do not and will not sell Personal Information about you, as defined by CCPA.  We also have not done so for the last 12 months.
RIGHTS AVAILABLE TO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
Under the CCPA, residents of California are provided with certain rights regarding their Personal Information (as defined in the CCPA). The following section outlines these rights:
Right to Know
: You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your Personal Information over the past 12 months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose to you:
the Categories of Personal Information we have collected from you
the business purposes for which such Personal Information was collected
the Sources of Personal Information we have collected from you
the specific pieces of Personal Information stored about you
the categories of 3rd parties with whom we share Personal Information
If we shared your Personal Information for a business purpose, the categories of Personal Information that each category of recipient obtained.
Right to Request Deletion
: You have the right to request deletion of your Personal Information that has been collected and retained from you subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete your Personal Information from our records, unless there is an applicable exception. We may deny your deletion request if we need to retain the information to:
Complete the transaction for which we collected the Personal Information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you.
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Exercise free speech ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 ).
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information’s deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research’s achievement, if you previously provided informed consent.
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.
Comply with a legal obligation.
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
If none of the foregoing exceptions applies, and we delete the information in compliance with your verifiable request, we will also direct our applicable service providers to delete your personal information.
You or an authorized agent registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf, may exercise the Rights twice in a 12-month period. Your verifiable request must include sufficient detail for us to understand, evaluate, and respond to it.  It must also provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify that you are the individual about whom we have collected Personal Information or an authorized agent representing the individual.  Please note that in some cases we may need to obtain information from you as part of the verification process to verify your identity to a reasonable degree.  We may require you to provide Personal Information as part of the verification process.  For authorized agents, we may require a signed, written authorization, a notarized affidavit, or a valid power of attorney.  We will only use this information for the purpose of verifying the requestor’s identity or authority.  To exercise these rights, please email us at privacy@whatcounts.com or complete the form at (INSERT WEB FORM LINK HERE)
We will acknowledge your right to know or deletion request within ten (10) business days of receipt and provide information about how we will process the request.  In many cases we will respond to your request within 45 days.  In some cases, we may extend the time to respond for another 45 days.  If this extension is necessary, we will give you notice and the reason that we need the additional time to respond.
If we are unable to verify your identity or your authority to make the request within 45 days, we cannot fully respond to you and may deny your request.  We may in such cases elect to treat the deletion request as an opt-out request.  For requests seeking specific pieces of information, we will treat it as a request for the disclosure of the categories of Personal Information about the consumer.
We retain records of your requests, including the request data, nature of the request, manner of submission, the response and any basis of denial for a period of 24 months.
We will not discriminate against you in terms of services, the level or quality of services, or pricing for exercising any of your CCPA rights. If there are excessive requests, we may charge a reasonable fee as permitted under the CCPA.
Right to Opt-Out of Data Sales for Nevada Residents
We do not sell your covered information, as defined by Section 603A.320 of the Nevada Revised Statutes.  If you reside in Nevada, you have the right to submit a request to us at privacy@whatcounts.com  regarding the sale of covered information.  Please include “Nevada” in your email subject line and include the following information in your email: your name, Nevada resident address, and email address.  We will respond within sixty (60) days of receiving your request.
Privacy Policy Changes
This Privacy Policy may be amended from time to time, consistent with the requirements of the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will be posted here, so please check this page regularly and make sure to check the effective date of the policy as set forth above. If you have any questions or concerns about the changes, please contact us at
privacy@whatcounts.com
.
Sub-policy 1
https://ghost.org/privacy/:
Common searches
how to set up my custom domain
how to install ghost
login not working, how to reset password
cloudflare setup and config
how to make a ghost theme
Policy
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Data Processing
Hosting SLA
Trademark Usage
Partners
Code of Conduct
Report Abuse
Anti-Spam Policy
Fair Use Policy
Contact
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) describes how Ghost Foundation Ltd (“Ghost Foundation”, "we", "us" or "our") collects, uses, and discloses, transfers, and otherwise processes and handles (collectively, “Processes”) your personal data. By accessing or using our website and services, or otherwise interacting with us, you are deemed to have read, understood and agreed to our Processing of your personal data as outlined in this Privacy Policy.
Types of data we collect and how we obtain it
We obtain information about you when you disclose it to us in the course of using our services, such as:
your name and email address when you register a user account
your date of birth, identification information, and other details about you when we verify your identity and age
any profile data you share with us, including profile pictures, gender, marital status, interests, preferences, feedback, survey responses, etc.
information shared with us when you contact us for assistance or support
your billing information when you subscribe to any of our paid services and transaction records of payments made to or from you in relation to such services
your marketing and communications preferences, which includes your preferences about receiving marketing from us or third parties, and the ways in which you prefer to be contacted
any information you share when you upload content to a website hosted by us
We collect contact information when you communicate with us through certain channels of communication, such as:
your email address when you communicate with us through email
your mailing address when you communicate with us by post
your social media handle when you communicate with us by social media
We gather technical information relating to you when you use our services, such as:
your internet protocol (IP) address
records of when you logged in or logged out of your account
We also collect technical information aggregated from all our users, such as:
browser type and version
device type
time zone, country, and city
operating system and platform
user demographics and statistical data
other aggregated data about the devices and software used to access our website and services.
We may also obtain information about you where it is publicly available, or where required or permitted by law.
How we use data
We only use your personal data where permitted by law.
Most commonly, we will use your personal data to perform a contract entered into with you, where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests, and/or where we need to comply with a legal obligation.
This includes the following general purposes:
register you as a user and/or customer, including creating your user account
verifying your identity and age to ensure you have capacity to use our services
providing support or assistance to you and responding to your queries
processing and managing your payments, fees and charges, and collecting and recovering money owed to us, if you subscribe to our paid services
providing you with marketing or other communications in accordance with your preferences
responding to your messages by email, post, social media, or other channels of communication
hosting your website and providing you with other products or services that you have purchased
managing our relationship with you, such as notifying you about changes to our services, updates to the terms and conditions of any service, or asking you to leave a review or participate in a survey, participate in competitions or lucky draws
administering and protecting our business and the services, troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting, hosting data, and other functions
delivering this website and other websites hosted through us
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless required or permitted by law.
Advertising
If you have elected to receive advertising messages from us, we will direct relevant advertisements to you and make suggestions or recommendations to you about goods or services that may be of interest to you.
Aggregated technical information
We study aggregated technical information to better understand our users and improve our products and services. For example, we may prioritize how we optimize features based on which features are the most widely used. Aggregated data does not directly reveal your identity. However, it may indirectly identify you if combined with other data. We treat the combined data as personal data governed by this Privacy Policy.
Cookies
A cookie is a small amount of data, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier, that is sent to your browser from a website's computers and stored on your computer's hard drive. Cookies are required to use the Ghost.org service. We use cookies to record current session information, but do not use permanent cookies. You are required to re-login to your Ghost.org account after a certain period of time has elapsed to protect you against others accidentally accessing your account contents.
How we share data
Ghost Foundation may share your personal data from time to time as detailed below. We take reasonable measures to ensure that third parties with whom we collaborate protect your personal data.
Ghost Foundation does not sell your personal data.
Integration with third parties
Ghost Foundation integrates with third party platforms to provide you with a seamless range of features and services. Where you request integrations with third parties, we may share data with them as required to facilitate and give effect to the integration.
Data storage
Ghost Foundation’s servers are located in Amsterdam, The Netherlands. By using our services, you consent to the transfer and storage of your data on our servers. From time to time, Ghost Foundation may also use third party vendors and hosting partners to store data. These third party vendors and hosting partners may be located in a country other than The Netherlands or your country of residence. By using our services, you also agree to us sharing data from you with our third party vendors and hosting partners so that we can provide you with our services.
Vendor assessments
Ghost Foundation relies on third party vendors for infrastructure, professional advice, and other critical aspects of its business operations. Ghost Foundation has vendor selection processes in place to assess vendors for suitability, including in relation to how vendors handle personal data. Ghost Foundation ensures that it has legally binding arrangements with vendors to ensure that personal data disclosed to vendors is protected to the same standards that Ghost Foundation itself offers, and in compliance with all applicable personal data protection laws.
Disclosures required by law
Ghost Foundation may disclose your personal data under special circumstances, such as where required by any applicable law or regulation, or when your actions violate the
Terms of Service
.
Withdrawing consent
You may withdraw your consent to our use of your personal data at any time. However please note that we collect personal data where we believe it is necessary to provide you with our services. Accordingly, if you withdraw your consent to our use of your personal data, we may not be able to provide such services to you.
For example, if you withdraw your consent to our use of your billing information, we will be unable to process payments from you. Consequently, we will not be able to offer you our paid services, and any paid services you have with us will be cancelled.
Access and correction of your personal data
It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us. You may request access to your personal data, and correction of incomplete or inaccurate personal data, at any time.
Retention of personal data
Ghost Foundation retains your personal data (i) where necessary to fulfil the purposes for which we collected it; (ii) where necessary for business or legal purposes; or (iii) where required or permitted by law.
Third party links
This website may include links to third party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third party websites and cannot be responsible for their products and services, information, materials, and practices including security practices. If you access any third party website, service, or content, even if it is through a link from our website, you do so at your own risk. We encourage you to read the privacy policy of every website you visit.
Changes
We may periodically update this Privacy Policy. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your Ghost.org primary account holder information or by placing a prominent notice on our site.
Questions
Any questions about this Privacy Policy should be addressed to
hello@ghost.org
.
Launch your site
Last week,
6,707
brand new
publications got started with Ghost.
Today, it's your turn.
Start a free trial now →
Ghost Logo
About
Explore
Careers
Resources
Product
Creator platform
Theme marketplace
Integrations
Experts
Ghost for news
Developers
How to install Ghost
Core concepts
Ghost hosting
API documentation
Security overview
Source code
Resources
Ghost tutorials
Resources
Node.js CMS guide
Open Subscription Platforms
Comparisons
Ghost vs Substack
Ghost vs WordPress
Ghost vs Medium
Ghost vs Memberful
Ghost vs Patreon
Ghost alternatives →
Support
Help center
Community forum
Status
Triangle
99.9%
Terms
Privacy
Contact
Ghost Foundation © 2025
Sub-policy 2
https://www.google.com/privacy/privacy-policy.html:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Sub-policy 3
https://community.cloudflare.com/privacy:
Solutions
By topic
By need
By industry
Public interest
Global services
Connectivity cloud
Contact sales
Products
Our products
For your employees
For apps and infrastructure
For developers
Register domain name
Free DNS resolver
Need help choosing?
Latest product news
Contact sales
Pricing
Our plans & pricing
Enterprise plan
Compare all plans
Need help choosing?
View FAQs
Contact sales
Resources
Library
Documentation
Getting Started
Application Security
Application Services
Zero Trust Services
Developer Platform
Network Services
Insights
API
AI
Learning
Trust & compliance
Trends & insights
Blog
Cloudflare TV
Community forum
Get help
Contact sales
Partners
Partner network
Peering portal
Partner Network
Why Cloudflare
Why choose Cloudflare
Learn about Cloudflare
Comparisons
Why trust Cloudflare
Contact sales
Sign up
Sign up
Under attack?
Under attack?
Log in
Log in
Support
Community Support
Help Center
Contact Cloudflare
Lost account access?
Log in
Log in
Privacy Policy
Overview
Policy application
Information we collect
How we use information we collect
Data aggregation
Information sharing
Notice to UK and EU residents
International information transfers
Data subject rights and choices
Communication preferences
Data security, data integrity and access
Data retention
Notification of changes
Business transactions
English language controls
Dispute resolution
Notice to California residents
Contact information
Legal questions
Have Questions?
If you have questions about these terms or anything else about Cloudflare, please don't hesitate to contact us:
+1 (650) 319-8930
Cloudflare, Inc.
101 Townsend St,
San Francisco, CA 94107
USA
Cloudflare Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of August 28, 2024.
We have updated our July 18, 2024 Privacy Policy to update the contact email of our Data Protection Officer.
This Cloudflare Privacy Policy (“Policy”) outlines the personal information that Cloudflare, Inc. (“Cloudflare”, “we”, “us” or “our”) gathers, how we use that personal information, and the options you have to access, correct, or delete such personal information.
CLOUDFLARE’S PROMISE
Our mission to help build a better Internet is rooted in the importance we place on establishing trust with our Customers, users, and the Internet community globally. To earn and maintain that trust, we commit to communicating transparently, providing security, and protecting the privacy of data on our systems.
We keep your personal information personal and private. We will not sell or rent your personal information. We will only share or otherwise disclose your personal information as necessary to provide our Services or as otherwise described in this Policy, except in cases where we first provide you with notice and the opportunity to consent.
1. POLICY APPLICATION
This Policy applies to Cloudflare’s collection, use, and disclosure of the personal information of the following categories of data subjects:
Attendees
: Those who visit our offices or provide their information to Cloudflare or Cloudflare representatives when they attend or register to attend Cloudflare-sponsored events or other events at which Cloudflare (and/or its representatives) participates, as well as those who participate in Cloudflare’s studies such as user experience research.
Website Visitors
: Those who visit our Websites, including those who may opt to provide an email address or other contact information to receive communications from Cloudflare, fill out a survey, or provide feedback. For the purposes of this Policy, “Websites” refer collectively to
www.cloudflare.com
as well as any other websites Cloudflare operates for its own behalf and that link to this Policy. For clarity, “Websites” does not include any sites owned or operated by our Customers, including where we serve as Registrar.
Customers
: Individuals or entities who enter into a subscription agreement with Cloudflare (or its authorized partner) and to whom Cloudflare provides Services pursuant to such agreement. For purposes of this Policy, “Services” shall refer to all of the cloud-based solutions offered, marketed, or sold by Cloudflare or its authorized partners that are designed to increase the performance, security, and availability of Internet properties, applications, devices, and networks, along with any software, software development kits, and application programming interfaces ("APIs") made available in connection with the foregoing.
Administrative Users
: Those with login credentials for a Cloudflare account and/or those who administer any of the Services for a Customer. In some cases, an Administrative User and Customer may be the same individual. In other cases, an Administrative User may be an agent acting on behalf of a Customer.
Public DNS Resolver Users
: Those who use Cloudflare’s 1.1.1.1 public recursive Domain Name System (“DNS”) resolver service, including 1.1.1.1 for Families ("1.1.1.1 resolver"). Learn more about the 1.1.1.1 resolver
here
.
End Users
: Those who (i) access or use our Customers’ domains, networks, websites, application programming interfaces, and applications, or (ii) Customers’ employees, agents, or contractors, who access or use Services, such as Cloudflare Zero Trust end users.
Registrants:
Users of Cloudflare’s domain registrar services. Cloudflare is an
ICANN
-accredited registrar and complies with the
2013 Registrar Accreditation Agreement
(“RAA”).
This Policy does not apply to “Application Users”—those individuals who use Cloudflare’s consumer-facing 1.1.1.1 Application. See the
1.1.1.1 Application Privacy Policy
for more information about the data collection and use practices for Cloudflare's 1.1.1.1 Application and the associated 1.1.1.1 Application Services.
This Policy also does not apply to our Customers’ domains, websites, APIs, applications, and networks, which may have their own terms and privacy policies. Our Customers are solely responsible for establishing policies for and ensuring compliance with all applicable laws and regulations, including those relating to the collection of personal information, in connection with the use of our Services by End Users with whom our Customers interact.
Cloudflare’s Websites and Services are not intended for, nor designed to attract, individuals under the age of eighteen. Cloudflare does not knowingly collect or share personal information from any person under the age of eighteen. To the extent we become aware that we have the personal information of a person under the age of eighteen, we will delete that information.
When Cloudflare is a reverse proxy, our IP addresses may appear in WHOIS and DNS records for websites using our Services. We are a conduit for information controlled by others. It is our Customers and their users who are responsible for the content transmitted across our network (e.g., images, written content, graphics, etc.).
2. INFORMATION WE COLLECT (Categories of Data Subjects)
Attendees
Name, email address, and other contact information
: We may ask for and collect personal information such as your name, address, phone number and email address when you visit our offices, register for or attend a sponsored event or other events at which Cloudflare (and/or its representatives) participates, or participate in Cloudflare’s studies such as user experience research.
Image and voice
: When you participate in a Cloudflare study, we may ask for your permission to record your voice and/or image during your participation in the study.
Website Visitors
Name, email address, and other contact information
: We ask for and—at your option—collect personal information from you when you submit web forms on our Websites, including opportunities to sign up for and agree to receive email communications from us. We may ask you to submit such personal information if you choose to use interactive features of the Websites, including participation in surveys, contests, promotions, sweepstakes, or studies, requesting customer support, submitting feedback, or otherwise communicating with us. We will send such communications in accordance with applicable law.
Log files
: Just as when you visit and interact with most websites and services delivered via the Internet, when you visit our Websites, including the Cloudflare Community Forum, we gather certain information and store it in log files. This information may include but is not limited to Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, system configuration information, URLs of referring pages, and locale and language preferences.
Cookies and other tracking technologies
: We may use cookies and other information-gathering technologies for a variety of purposes, such as providing us with information about how you interact with our Websites and assisting us in our marketing efforts. You may view a complete list of cookies and change your cookie preferences by clicking on the “Cookie Preferences” link (or, in the United States, the “Your Privacy Choices” link) in the footer of the Cloudflare homepage at cloudflare.com or in the banner displayed when you visit our Websites from certain countries (such as the European Economic Area and the UK). Note that if you disable cookies entirely, Cloudflare’s Websites may not function properly. We may also use cookies and similar technologies to provide you advertising on third-party sites based upon your browsing activities and interests. In addition to exercising cookie choices through our “Cookie Preferences” or “Your Privacy Choices” links, if you do not want to have cookies and similar technologies used for the purpose of serving you interest-based ads, you may opt-out by clicking
here
(or if located in the European Union, the United Kingdom, or Switzerland, click
here
). For more information about the cookies Cloudflare uses and your privacy choices, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
Material contributed in Interactive Areas
: The Websites may offer publicly accessible blogs, community forums, comments sections, discussion forums, or other interactive features (“Interactive Areas”). If you choose to participate in any of these Interactive Areas, please be aware that any information that you post in an Interactive Area might be read, collected, and used by others who access it. If you wish to remove your personal information from any of our Interactive Areas, please see the Section 8, below.
Customers and Administrative Users
Customer Account Information
: When you register for an account, we collect contact information. Depending on subscription level, this contact information may include your Customer name, the email address(es) of your account administrator(s), telephone number, and addresses necessary to process payment and delivery of Services. In addition, when you use the Services, we collect information about how you configure your account and the Services (e.g., firewall settings for the domains you administer). We refer to all of this information collectively as “Customer Account Information” for the purposes of this Policy. Customer Account Information is required to enable your access to your Cloudflare account and Services. By providing us with any personal information, you represent that you are the owner of such personal information or otherwise have the requisite consent to provide it to us. We also maintain logs of Administrative Users’ activity (e.g., actions taken to configure settings in Customers’ account).
Payment information
: We do not require our Customers to have payment information on file with us unless they have a paid subscription to our Services. When you sign up for one of our paid Services, you must provide payment and billing information. The information you will need to submit depends on which payment method you choose. For example, if you pay with a credit card, we will collect your card information and billing address, although we do not store full credit card numbers or personal account numbers.
Crash Reports
: When our Services encounter an unexpected error, you may be asked to submit a crash report, which may contain personal information. You will have an opportunity to review the content of the report prior to submitting the report to us.
Public DNS Resolver Users
Limited DNS query data
: We will collect limited DNS query data that is sent to our 1.1.1.1 resolver. Our 1.1.1.1 resolver service does not log personal information, and the bulk of the limited non-personally identifiable query data is only stored for 25 hours. You can learn more about our 1.1.1.1 resolver commitment to privacy
here
.
Please note that our data handling practices for our 1.1.1.1 Application, which is not covered by this Policy, are somewhat different than our 1.1.1.1 resolver data handling practices and are described
here
.
End Users
Cloudflare processes End Users’ interactions with Customer’s Internet Properties and the Services. This information is processed when End Users access or use our Customers’ domains, websites, APIs, applications, devices, end points, and networks that use one or more of our Services, and when End Users access or use Services, such as Cloudflare Zero Trust. The information processed may include but is not limited to IP addresses, traffic routing data, system configuration information, and other information about traffic to and from Customers’ websites, devices, applications, and/or networks.
The End User data that we make available to our Customers via the Service dashboard or other online interface are specifically defined as “Customer Logs”.
Registrants
Contact and domain information: We collect data such as domain name and status, contact information (such as name, organization, address, phone number and email address), name server, DNSSEC, and Form of Approval (i.e., full WHOIS capture at time of transfer into our system, including the IP address that initiated the transfer).
Network Data.
Cloudflare collects and stores Network Data, which are models, observations, reports, analyses, statistics, databases and other information created, compiled, analyzed, generated or derived by Cloudflare from server, network or traffic data generated by Cloudflare in the course of providing the Service, including information required to help Cloudflare identify, analyze, mitigate, prevent, and block malicious activities on Cloudflare’s network. Examples of Network Data include service uptime and service availability metrics, request volumes, error rates, cache rates, origin and nature of malware, and IP threat scores.
3. HOW WE USE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Cloudflare only processes personal information in a way that is compatible with and relevant to the purpose for which it was collected or authorized. As a general matter, for the categories of data described in Section 2 above, except 1.1.1.1 resolver user data as explained below, we may use your personal information to:
Provide, operate, maintain, improve, and promote the Websites and Services for all users of the Websites and Services;
Enable you to access and use the Websites and Services;
Process and complete transactions, and send you related information, including purchase confirmations and invoices;
Send transactional messages, including responses to your comments, questions, and requests; provide customer service and support; and send you technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;
Comply with legal obligations as well as to investigate and prevent fraudulent transactions, unauthorized access to the Services, and other illegal activities;
For other purposes for which we obtain your consent.
In addition, we may use the information we collect from Attendees, Websites Visitors, and Registrants, as well as Customer Account Information for the following purposes:
Send commercial communications, in accordance with your communication preferences, such as providing you with information about products and services, features, surveys, newsletters, offers, promotions, contests, and events about us and our partners; and send other news or information about us and our partners. See Section 9 below for information on managing your communication preferences.
Process and deliver contest or sweepstakes entries and rewards;
Monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities in connection with the Websites and Services and for marketing or advertising purposes;
Personalize the Websites and Services, including by providing features or content that match your interests and preferences;
To register visitors to our offices and to manage non-disclosure agreements that visitors may be required to sign, to the extent such processing is necessary for our legitimate interest in protecting our offices and our confidential information against unauthorized access; and
Public DNS Resolver Users
. We use information we collect from 1.1.1.1 resolver users to operate and improve the 1.1.1.1 resolver, such as to assist us in our debugging efforts if an issue arises. Our 1.1.1.1 resolver service does not store 1.1.1.1 resolver users’ personal information. We will not combine any information collected from DNS queries to our 1.1.1.1 resolver with any other Cloudflare or third party data in any way that can be used to identify individual end users. Cloudflare may store aggregated data, as outlined within our 1.1.1.1 resolver commitments to privacy, indefinitely in order to power Cloudflare Radar and assist Cloudflare in improving Cloudflare services, such as, enhancing the overall performance of the Cloudflare Resolver and identifying security threats. Learn more about our 1.1.1.1 resolver commitment to privacy
here
.
Information from Third Party Services
. We may combine information we collect as described in Section 2 above with personal information we obtain from third parties. For example, we may combine information entered on a Cloudflare sales submission form with information we receive from a third-party sales intelligence platform vendor to enhance our ability to market our Services to Customers or potential Customers.
4. DATA AGGREGATION
Cloudflare may aggregate data we acquire about our Customers, Administrators, and End Users. For example, we may assemble data to determine how Web crawlers index the Internet and whether they are engaged in malicious activity or to compile web traffic reports and statistics. Non-personally identifiable, aggregated data may be shared with third parties.
5. INFORMATION SHARING
We work with other companies who provide us with services that help run our business and the Cloudflare Service (“Service Providers”). These companies provide services to help us deliver customer support, process credit card payments, manage and contact our existing Customers and Administrators as well as sales leads, provide marketing support, and otherwise operate and improve our Services. These Service Providers may only process personal information pursuant to our instructions and in compliance both with this Privacy Policy, the contracts we have in place with such Service Providers, and other applicable confidentiality, data protection, and security measures and regulations.
Specifically, we do not permit our Service Providers to sell any personal information we share with them or to use any personal information we share with them for their own marketing purposes or for any purpose other than in connection with the services they provide to us.
In addition to sharing with Service Providers as described above, we also may share your information with others in the following circumstances:
Within the Cloudflare Group (defined for the purposes of this Policy as Cloudflare, Inc. (United States) and its subsidiaries listed Section 15);
With our resellers and other sales partners who may help us distribute the Services to Customers;
With an app developer when you install an app from our App Marketplace;
In the event of a merger, sale, change in control, or reorganization of all or part of our business;
When we are required to disclose personal information to respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims. (Learn more about how we handle law enforcement requests
here
);
Where we have a good-faith belief sharing is necessary to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, or violations of our Website Terms of Use, Self-Serve Subscription Agreement, and/or Enterprise Subscription Terms of Service; or as otherwise required to comply with our legal obligations; or
As you may otherwise consent from time to time.
Additional Information on Sharing
Public DNS Resolver Users.
Cloudflare does not share 1.1.1.1 resolver logs with any third parties except for anonymous logs shared with APNIC pursuant to a Research Cooperative Agreement. Learn more about information sharing specific to the 1.1.1.1 resolver
here
.
Registrants.
If you purchase a domain name from Cloudflare’s registrar service, ICANN (The Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers) and the relevant registry operators overseeing the domain’s top-level domain require us to collect registrant data for the purposes of domain registration and via the WHOIS protocol. We may also be required to share this public data with ICANN, the relevant registry operators and other such providers with whom we contract in order to provide our domain name services, and additionally upon the legitimate request of third parties. Registrant data may include the domain name, registrant name and other contact information, and domain name server information. See our Domain Registration Agreement
here
.
Marketing & Advertising Partners.
Our marketing and advertising partners may collect or receive personal information about you and/or collect certain information about your interactions with our Websites, or your email communications with Cloudflare, including through the use of cookies, beacons, and similar technologies, in order to gain insights that may help us market and advertise our services to you.  You may opt out of such sharing using our “Cookie Preferences” link (or, in the United States, the “Your Privacy Choices” link) on the cloudflare.com homepage.
In addition, we may also provide these marketing and advertising partners with your email address or other limited account information. You may opt out of such sharing by emailing us at sar@cloudflare.com.
These partners’ use of your information will be based on their own privacy policies. We share this personal information for our business purposes.
California residents can find additional information about data sharing for marketing and advertising purposes and their data subject rights in Section 16, below
6. NOTICE TO EU, UK, AND SWISS RESIDENTS
“Personal information” as referenced in this Privacy Policy means “personal data” as that term is defined under the European Union (“EU”) General Data Protection Regulations (“GDPR”) and its United Kingdom (“UK”) GDPR counterpart. Cloudflare is a data controller for the personal information collected from all categories of data subjects listed above, with the following exceptions: Cloudflare is a data processor of Customer Logs, Administrative User logs, and some account settings information. In addition, Cloudflare is a data processor for any of the content provided by Customers and End Users through the Services that transits, or in some cases, is stored on, the Cloudflare network. Where Cloudflare is a data processor, Cloudflare processes data on behalf of its Customers pursuant to their data processing instructions.
If you are an individual from the European Economic Area (the “EEA”), the UK or Switzerland, please note that our legal basis for collecting and using your personal information will depend on the personal information collected and the specific context in which we collect it. We normally will collect personal information from you only where: (a) we have your consent to do so, (b) where we need your personal information to perform a contract with you (e.g. to deliver the Cloudflare Services you have requested), or (c) where the processing is in our legitimate interests. Please note that in most cases, if you do not provide the requested information, Cloudflare will not be able to provide the requested service to you.
In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect personal information from you, or may otherwise need the personal information to protect your vital interests or those of another person. Where we rely on your consent to process your personal data, you have the right to withdraw or decline consent at any time. Where we rely on our legitimate interests to process your personal data, you have the right to object by emailing us at sar@cloudflare.com.
If you have any questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information, please contact us at
privacyquestions@cloudflare.com
.
7. INTERNATIONAL INFORMATION TRANSFERS
Cloudflare is a U.S. based, global company. We primarily store your information in the United States and the European Economic Area. To facilitate our global operations, we may transfer and access such information from around the world, including from other countries in which the Cloudflare Group has operations for the purposes described in this Policy.
Whenever a Cloudflare company transfers personal information originating from one country to another Cloudflare group company or a third party service provider or partner in a different country, we will implement appropriate safeguards, consistent with the laws of the territory from which the data is exported. We describe the safeguards we implement
here
. If you have any questions about or need further information concerning the safeguards Cloudflare has in place to protect your personal information, please contact us at
privacyquestions@cloudflare.com
.
When Cloudflare transfers personal data from the EEA, Switzerland, or the United Kingdom (UK) to the United States, we rely on our certifications under the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF), and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Should these certifications lapse or become otherwise invalidated, Cloudflare relies on the standard contractual clauses, including supplementary measures as necessary for transfers to the United States. We also use standard contractual clauses for other international transfers from the EEA, Switzerland, or the United Kingdom.
Self-certification to the Data Privacy Framework
Cloudflare complies with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.  Cloudflare has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.  Cloudflare has also certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF.  If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern.  To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF (together, the “DPFs”), Cloudflare commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information. EU, UK, and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the DPFs should first contact us by emailing sar@cloudflare.com or via mail to: Cloudflare, Inc., 101 Townsend St., San Francisco, CA 94107, Attn: Data Protection Officer. We will respond to your inquiry within 30 days of receipt and verification of your identity.
In compliance with the DPFs, Cloudflare commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal information received in reliance on the DPFs to TRUSTe, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.  If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
for more information or to file a complaint.  The services of TRUSTe, LLC are provided at no cost to you. You have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration for complaints regarding DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other mechanisms set out in this DPF Notice or our Privacy Notice.  For more information, please see Annex 1 of the DPF Principles, available
here
.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Cloudflare’s compliance with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF). We may be required to disclose personal information we receive under the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
Cloudflare is liable for the processing of personal information it receives under the DPF Principles and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf.  Cloudflare shall remain liable under the DPF Principles if its agent processes such personal information in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless Cloudflare proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
8. DATA SUBJECT RIGHTS AND CHOICES
Cloudflare  recognizes individuals’ data protection rights. You have the right to access, correct, update, port, or delete your personal information, and to restrict or object to the processing of your personal information (each of these a “Rights Request”). You may email us at sar@cloudflare.com with any Rights Request, and we will respond within thirty (30) days. Customers and Administrative Users also can access, correct, export, or update their Account Information by editing their profile or organization record at Cloudflare.com.
Please note that before we can complete your Rights Request, we will need to verify that your identity matches that of the data in which you are requesting to exercise your rights. You can expect a verification email under separate cover, to the email address associated with your personal information on file. If you are making a Rights Request on behalf of another individual as an authorized agent, we require that either (a) the data subject must verify their identity and directly confirm with Cloudflare they provided the authorized agent permission to submit the Rights Request, (b) the authorized agent must be provided power of attorney by the data subject in accordance with the law of the data subject’s jurisdiction, or (c) the Rights Request must otherwise be submitted in accordance with applicable privacy law.
For any Rights Request, we will need to verify a requestor is inquiring about their own information before we can assist. Where a Rights Request may implicate the personal information of another individual, we must balance the request against the risk of violating another person’s privacy rights. We will comply with Rights Requests to the extent required by applicable law or the Swiss-U.S. or EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework. In the event that your Rights Request is denied, residents of the U.S. states Virginia and Colorado may appeal our decision by responding to the email informing them of the denial or by submitting a Rights Request to appeal to sar@cloudflare.com, and we will respond within sixty (60) days. In the EEA, the UK, and Switzerland, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
Please note that we do not retain any personal information about 1.1.1.1 resolver users that would be subject to the Rights Requests described above. In addition, Cloudflare has no direct relationship with End Users. Even where “Cloudflare” may be indicated as the authoritative name server for a domain, unless Cloudflare is the owner of that domain, we have no control over a domain’s content. Accordingly, we rely upon our Customers to comply with the underlying legal requirements for Rights Requests in accordance with their obligations under applicable data protection laws. If an End User requests that we fulfill a Rights Request, we will direct that End User to contact the Customer website(s) with which they interacted directly. Our Customers are solely responsible for ensuring compliance with all applicable laws and regulations with respect to their website users.
9. COMMUNICATION PREFERENCES
Cloudflare will send you commercial communications based on the communication preferences in your account settings. Cloudflare also will send you service-related communications. You may manage your receipt of commercial communications by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link located on the bottom of such emails, through your account settings if you have a Cloudflare account, or you may send a request to unsubscribe@cloudflare.com.
10. DATA SECURITY, DATA INTEGRITY AND ACCESS
We take all reasonable steps to protect information we receive from you from accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, and unauthorized disclosure or access. We have put in place appropriate physical, technical and administrative measures to safeguard and secure your information, and we make use of privacy-enhancing technologies such as encryption. If you have any questions about the security of your personal information, you can contact us at
privacyquestions@cloudflare.com
.
11. DATA RETENTION
We store your personal information for a period of time that is consistent with the business purposes set forth in Section 3 of this policy or as long as needed to fulfill and comply with legal obligations. The criteria we used to determine how long we store your personal information will vary depending on several different factors. We typically consider the following when determining data retention:
The purpose for collecting the personal information in the first place. For example, if you have an active account with us, we need to keep your contact information during the entirety of that time in order to provide you with support or contact you regarding your account;
The volume, nature, and sensitivity of the personal information we are processing;
The potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of the personal information;
Whether we can achieve the purposes for processing with less data or through other means
Legal requirements that may apply to the data, such as applicable statutes of limitation or contractual obligations.
When the data retention period expires for a given type of data, we will delete or destroy it. If, for technical reasons, we are unable to do so, we will implement appropriate security measures to prevent any further use of such data.
12. NOTIFICATION OF CHANGES
If we make changes to this Policy that we believe materially impact the privacy of your personal information, we will promptly provide notice of any such changes (and, where necessary, obtain consent), as well as post the updated Policy on this website noting the effective date of any changes.
13. BUSINESS TRANSACTIONS
We may assign or transfer this Policy, as well as information covered by this Policy, in the event of a merger, sale, change in control, or reorganization of all or part of our business.
14. ENGLISH LANGUAGE CONTROLS
Non-English translations of this Policy are provided for convenience only. In the event of any ambiguity or conflict between translations, the English version is authoritative and controls.
15. DISPUTE RESOLUTION
If you have an unresolved privacy or data-use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
.
16. NOTICE TO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
This section applies only to California residents. It describes how we collect, use, and share Personal Information of California residents in operating our business, and their rights with respect to that Personal Information. For purposes of this section, “Personal Information” means information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household as defined in the CCPA. It does not include information exempted from the scope of the CCPA.
How We Collect, Use, and Share Your Personal Information under the CCPA
We may collect, use, and disclose for our business and commercial purposes, the following categories of Personal Information:
Identifiers for the categories of individuals/users defined in Section 1 of the Cloudflare Privacy Policy (e.g., email address of Customers and Administrative Users, name and contact information of Attendees);
Payment and customer records information of our Customers;
Protected classification characteristics (e.g., age, ethnicity, race, languages spoken, or gender) to the extent these characteristics are voluntarily disclosed to us or contained in any  content transmitted across or stored on our network;
Commercial information (e.g., records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or usage histories);
Professional or employment information;
Internet or other electronic network activity information; and
Inferences (e.g., information about your interests or preferences).
The sources from which we collect information are described in Section 2 of the Cloudflare Privacy Policy.
The business and commercial purposes for which we collect and use this information are described in Section 3 of the Cloudflare Privacy Policy.
The categories of third parties to whom we “disclose” the information for a business purpose are described in Section 5 of the Cloudflare Privacy Policy.
Your California Privacy Rights
As a California resident, you have the rights listed below. However, these rights are not absolute, and in certain cases we may decline your request as permitted by law.
Knowledge
. You can request information about what personal information we have collected about you, including:
the categories of personal information;
the categories of sources from which the personal information is collected;
the business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling, or sharing personal information;
the categories of third parties to whom we disclose personal information;
the specific pieces of personal information that we have collected about you.
Access
. You can request a copy of the Personal Information that we have collected about you.
Deletion
. You can ask us to delete the Personal Information that we have collected from you.
Correction
. You can ask us to rectify inaccurate personal information and, taking into account the purpose of processing the personal information, ensure it is complete;
Opt-out of sales or sharing
. You can ask that we do not “sell” or “share” your Personal Information as “sell” and “share” are explicitly defined under the CCPA. For more information, please refer to the section titled “Right to Opt Out of the Sale and Sharing of Your Personal Information” below.
Nondiscrimination
. You are entitled to exercise the rights described above free from discrimination. This means that we will not penalize you for exercising your rights by taking actions such as denying you the Services; increasing the price/rate of the Services; decreasing service quality; or suggesting that we may penalize you as described above for exercising your rights.
In order to submit a request to exercise your right of information, access, or deletion pursuant to the CCPA, please follow the instructions for the submitting a Rights Request detailed in Section 8, above. Please note, we reserve the right to confirm your California residence to process your requests and may need to confirm your identity to process certain requests using the verification methods described in Section 8. For example, we take reasonable precautions to verify the identities of those California residents submitting requests to delete or access Personal Information.
Right to Opt Out of the Sale and Sharing of Your Personal Information
Cloudflare does not sell your Personal Information in the conventional sense (i.e., for money). Like many companies, however, we use services that help deliver interest-based ads to you and may transfer Personal Information to business partners for their use. Making Personal Information (such as online identifiers or browsing activity) available to these companies may be considered a “sale” or “sharing” of your Personal Information under the CCPA.
You can request to opt out of such “sale” or “sharing” of your Personal Information using the “
Your Privacy Choices”
link in the footer below
.
In addition, some internet browsers offer the option to enable opt-out signals such as Global Privacy Control that lets you tell websites that you do not want to have your online activities tracked. Cloudflare responds to these signals by processing them as a request to opt out of the “sale” or “sharing” of your Personal Information as discussed above.
Please note that you will still see some advertising, regardless of your selection. We do not impose verification protocols for processing opt out requests unless we have reason to question the authenticity of a requester’s identity, in which case we may request evidence of identity and California residency.
17. CONTACT INFORMATION
Cloudflare, Inc.
101 Townsend St.
San Francisco, CA 94107
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare (Canada) Information Technology Co., Ltd.
Suite 2600, Three Bentall Centre
595 Burrard Street, P.O. Box 49314
Vancouver, BC V7X 1L3
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare, Ltd.
County Hall/The Riverside Building
Belvedere Road
London, SE1 7PB
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare Portugal, Unipessoal Lda.
Largo Rafael Bordalo Pinheiro 29
1200-369 Lisboa
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare Germany GmbH
Rosental 7
80331 München
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare France SAS
6 place de la Madeleine
75008 Paris
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare Netherlands B.V.
Keizersgracht 62,
1015CS Amsterdam
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare Pte., Ltd.
182 Cecil Street, #35-01
Frasers Tower, Singapore 069547
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare Australia Pty Ltd.
333 George St., 5th Floor
Sydney, NSW 2000
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare (Beijing) Information Technology Co., Ltd.
16 South Guangshun Street
Donghuang Building 17th Floor
Chaoyang District Beijing 100015
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare Japan K.K.
Marunouchi Kitaguchi Building 9F
1-6-5 Marunouchi, Chiyoda-ku
Tokyo, 100-0005
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare Middle East FZ-LLC
DIC 1 Internet City Road
Building 1, Ground Floor, Office 17
Jumeirah
Dubai UAE
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare India Private Limited
No. 215 Richmond Towers, 12 Richmond Road, Richmond Town
Banglore, Bangalore, Karnataka, India, 560025
Attention: Grievance Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Area 1 Security, LLC
838 Walker Road Suite 21-2,
Dover, DE, 19904
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare Korea LLC
8-113 (Samseong-dong), Teheran-ro 507
Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea, 06168
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare Mexico S. de R.L de C.V.
Bosque de Ciruelos No. 180 int. PP 101, Col. Bosque de las Lomas, Miguel Hidalgo
Ciudad de México, 11700, México
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare Malaysia Sdn. Bhd.
Level 21, Suite 21.01, The Gardens South Tower,
Mid Valley City,
Lingkaran Syed Putra,
Kuala Lumpur
Wilayah Persekutuan
59200
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Getting Started
Free plans
For enterprises
Compare plans
Domain name search
Get a recommendation
Request a demo
Contact sales
Resources
Learning center
Analyst reports
Cloudflare Radar
Cloudflare TV
Case studies
Webinars
White Papers
Developer docs
Architecture Center
theNET
Blog
Find an expert
Solutions
Connectivity cloud
SSE and SASE services
Application services
Network services
Developer services
Community
Community hub
Project Galileo
Athenian Project
Cloudflare for Campaigns
Critical Infrastructure Defense Project
Support
Help center
Cloudflare status
Trust-hub
Compliance
GDPR
Trust & safety
Company
About Cloudflare
Our team
Investor relations
Press
Careers
Diversity, equity, & inclusion
Impact/ESG
Network map
Logos & press kit
Become a partner
Sub-policy 4
https://www.eff.org/privacybadger:
Skip to main content
About
Contact
Press
People
Opportunities
Issues
Free Speech
Privacy
Creativity and Innovation
Transparency
International
Security
Our Work
Deeplinks Blog
Press Releases
Events
Legal Cases
Whitepapers
Podcast
Annual Reports
Take Action
Action Center
Electronic Frontier Alliance
Volunteer
Tools
Privacy Badger
Surveillance Self-Defense
Certbot
Atlas of Surveillance
Cover Your Tracks
Street Level Surveillance
apkeep
Donate
Donate to EFF
Giving Societies
Shop
Org. Membership
Other Ways to Give
Membership FAQ
Donate
Donate to EFF
Shop
Other Ways to Give
Search form
Search
Email updates on news, actions,
and events in your area.
Join EFF Lists
Electronic Frontier Foundation
Donate
EFFecting Change Livestream Series: Is There Hope for Social Media?
Privacy Badger
PAGE
Privacy Badger
Privacy Badger
is an install-and-forget browser add-on that stops advertisers and trackers from secretly tracking where you go and what pages you look at on the web. If an advertiser or other third party seems to be tracking you across multiple websites without your permission, Privacy Badger automatically blocks them from loading any more content in your browser.
visit Privacy Badger
Learn more, download and install from privacybadger.org
Back to top
Check out our 4-star rating on
Charity Navigator
.
JavaScript license information
Sub-policy 5
https://stripe.com/us/privacy/:
Stripe Services Agreement
Stripe Connected Account Agreement
Stripe Payments Company Terms
Acquirer Terms
Acquirer Disclosure
Cross River Bank
Deutsche Bank
Goldman Sachs Bank USA
PNC Bank
Issuing Bank Terms
Payment Method Terms
User Bank Debit Authorizations
Prohibited & Restricted Businesses
Other Products and Programs
Stripe Terminal Device EULA
Stripe Terminal Purchase Terms
Stripe Terminal Reseller Terms
Stripe Atlas Agreement
Stripe Climate Contribution Terms
Stripe Partner Ecosystem
Stripe Apps
App Developer Agreement
App Marketplace Agreement
Privacy
Privacy Policy
Cookies Policy
Privacy Shield Policy
Service Providers List
Data Processing Agreement
Data Transfers Addendum
Stripe Privacy Center
Intellectual Property
Intellectual Property Notice
Marks Usage
E-SIGN Disclosure
Licenses
Consumer Terms
Last updated: January 16, 2025
This Privacy Policy includes important information about your personal data and we encourage you to read it carefully.
Welcome
We provide financial infrastructure for the internet. Individuals and businesses of all sizes use our technology and services to facilitate purchases, accept payments, send payouts, and manage online businesses.
This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) describes the Personal Data that we collect, how we use and share it, and details on how you can reach us with privacy-related inquiries. The Policy also outlines your rights and choices as a data subject, including the right to object to certain uses of your Personal Data.
Depending on the activity, Stripe assumes the role of a “data controller” and/or “data processor” (or “service provider”). For more details about our privacy practices, including our role, the specific Stripe entity responsible under this Policy, and our legal bases for processing your Personal Data, please visit our
Privacy Center
.
Defined Terms
In this Policy, “Stripe”, “we”, “our,” or “us” refers to the Stripe entity responsible for the collection, use, and handling of Personal Data as described in this document. Depending on your jurisdiction, the specific Stripe entity accountable for your Personal Data might vary.
Learn More
.
“Personal Data” refers to any information associated with an identified or identifiable individual, which can include data that you provide to us, and that we collect about you during your interaction with our Services (such as device information, IP address, etc.).
“Services” refers to the products, services, devices, and applications, that we provide under the Stripe Services Agreement (“Business Services”) or the Stripe Consumer Terms of Service (“End User Services”); websites (“Sites”) like Stripe.com and Link.com; and other Stripe applications and online services. We provide Business Services to entities (“Business Users”). We provide End User Services directly to individuals for their personal use.
“Financial Partners” are financial institutions, banks, and other partners such as payment method acquirers, payout providers, and card networks that we partner with to provide the Services.
Depending on the context, “you” might be an End Customer, End User, Representative, or Visitor:
End Users.
When you use an End User Service, such as saving a payment method with Link, for personal use we refer to you as an “End User.”
End Customers.
When you are not directly transacting with Stripe, but we receive your Personal Data to provide Services to a Business User, including when you make a purchase from a Business User on a Stripe Checkout page or receive payments from a Business User, we refer to you as an “End Customer.”
Representatives.
When you are acting on behalf of an existing or potential Business User—perhaps as a company founder, account administrator for a Business User, or a recipient of an employee credit card from a Business User via Stripe Issuing—we refer to you as a “Representative.”
Visitors.
When you interact with Stripe by visiting a Site without being logged into a Stripe account, or when your interaction with Stripe does not involve you being an End User, End Customer, or Representative, we refer to you as a “Visitor.” For example, you are a Visitor when you send a message to Stripe asking for more information about our Services.
In this Policy, “Transaction Data” refers to data collected and used by Stripe to facilitate transactions you request. Some Transaction Data is Personal Data and may include: your name, email address, contact number, billing and shipping address, payment method information (like credit or debit card number, bank account details, or payment card image chosen by you), merchant and location details, amount and date of purchase, and in some instances, information about what was purchased.
1. Personal Data that we collect and how we use and share it
2. More ways we collect, use and share Personal Data
3. Legal bases for processing data
4. Your rights and choices
5. Security and retention
6. International data transfers
7. Updates and notifications
8. Jurisdiction-specific provisions
9. Contact us
10. US Consumer Privacy Notice
1. Personal Data we collect and how we use and share it
Our collection and use of Personal Data differs based on whether you are an End User, End Customer, Representative, or Visitor, and the specific Service that you are using. For example, if you're a sole proprietor who wants to use our Business Services, we may collect your Personal Data to onboard your business; at the same time, you might also be an End Customer if you've bought goods from another Business User that is using our Services for payment processing. You could also be an End User if you used our End User Service, such as Link, for those transactions.
1.1 End Users
We provide End User Services when we provide the Services directly to you for your personal use (e.g., Link). Additional details regarding our collection, usage, and sharing of End User Personal Data, including the
legal bases
we rely on for processing such data, can be found in our
Privacy Center
.
a. Personal Data we collect about End Users
Using Link or Connecting your bank account
. Stripe offers a service called "Link," which allows you to create an account and store information for future interactions with Stripe’s Services and Business Users. You may save a number of different kinds of Personal Data using Link. For instance, you may save your name, payment method details, contact information, and address to conveniently use saved information to pay for transactions across our Business Users. When you choose to pay with Link, we will also collect Transaction Data associated with your transactions.
Learn More
.
You can also share and save bank account details to your Link account using Stripe’s
Financial Connections
product. When you use Financial Connections, Stripe will periodically collect and process your account information (such as bank account owner information, account balances, account number and details, account transactions, and, in some cases, log-in credentials). You can ask us to cease the collection of such data at any time.
Learn More
.
Finally, you can use Link to store your identity documents (such as your driver’s license) so that you can share them in future interactions with Stripe or its Business Users.
Paying Stripe
. When you purchase goods or services directly from Stripe, we receive your Transaction Data. For instance, when you make a payment to Stripe Climate, we collect information about the transaction, as well as your contact and payment method details.
Identity/Verification Services
. We offer an identity verification service that automates the comparison of your identity document (such as a driver’s license) with your image (such as a selfie). You can separately consent to us using your biometric data to enhance our verification technology, with the option to revoke your consent at any time.
Learn More
.
More
. For further information about other types of Personal Data that we may collect about End Users, including about your online activity and your engagement with our End User Services, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
b. How we use and share Personal Data of End Users
Services
. We use and share your Personal Data to provide the End User Services to you, which includes support, personalization (such as language preferences and setting choices), and communication about our End User Services (such as communicating Policy updates and information about our Services). For example, Stripe may use cookies and similar technologies or the data you provide to our Business Users (such as when you input your email address on a Business User’s website) to recognize you and help you use Link when visiting our Business User’s website. Learn more about how we use cookies and similar technologies in Stripe’s
Cookie Policy
.
Our Business Users.
When you use Link to make payments with our Business Users, we share your Personal Data, including name, contact information, payment method details, and Transaction Data with those Business Users.
Learn More
. You can also direct Stripe to share your saved bank account information and identity documents with Business Users you do business with. Once we share your Personal Data with Business Users, we may process that Personal Data as a Data Processor for those Business Users, as detailed in Section 1.2 of this Policy.  You should consult the privacy policies of the Business Users’ you do business with for information on how they use the information shared with them.
Fraud Detection and Loss Prevention
. We use your Personal Data collected across our Services to detect fraud and prevent financial losses for you, us, and our Business Users and Financial Partners, including detecting unauthorized purchases. We may provide Business Users and Financial Partners, including those that use our fraud prevention-related Business Services (such as Stripe Radar), with Personal Data about you (including your attempted transactions) so that they can assess the fraud or loss risk associated with the transaction. Learn more about how we may use technology to assess the fraud risk associated with an attempted transaction and what information we share with Business Users and Financial Partners
here
and
here
.
Advertising
. Where permitted by applicable law, we may use your Personal Data, including Transaction Data, to assess your eligibility for, and offer you, other End User Services or promote existing End User Services, including through co-marketing with partners such as Stripe Business Users.
Learn more
. Subject to applicable law, including any consent requirements, we use and share End User Personal Data with third party partners to allow us to advertise our End User Services to you, including through interest-based advertising, and to track the efficacy of such ads. We do not transfer your Personal Data to third parties in exchange for payment, but we may provide your data to third-party partners, such as advertising partners, analytics providers, and social networks, who assist us in advertising our Services to you.
Learn more
.
More
. For further information about ways we may use and share End Users' Personal Data, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
1.2 End Customers
Stripe provides various Business Services to our Business Users, which include processing in-person or online payments or payouts for those Business Users. When acting as a service provider—also referred to as a Data Processor—for a Business User, we process End Customer Personal Data in accordance with our agreement with the Business User and the Business User's lawful instructions. This happens, for example, when we process a payment for a Business User because you purchased a product from them, or when the Business User asks us to send you funds.
Business Users are responsible for ensuring that the privacy rights of their End Customers are respected, including obtaining appropriate consents and making disclosures about their own data collection and use associated with their products and services. If you're an End Customer, please refer to the privacy policy of the Business User you're doing business with for its privacy practices, choices, and controls.
We provide more comprehensive information about our collection, use, and sharing of End Customer Personal Data in our
Privacy Center
, including the
legal bases
we rely on for processing your Personal Data.
a. Personal Data we collect about End Customers
Transaction Data
. If you're an End Customer making payments to, receiving refunds or payments from, initiating a purchase or donation, or otherwise transacting with our Business User, whether in-person or online, we receive your Transaction Data. We may also receive your transaction history with the Business User.
Learn More
. Additionally, we may collect information entered into a checkout form even if you opt not to complete the form or transaction with the Business User.
Learn More
. A Business User who uses Stripe’s Terminal Service to provide its goods or services to End Customers may use the Terminal Service to collect End Customer Personal Data (like your name, email, phone number, address, signature, or age) in accordance with its own privacy policy.
Identity/Verification Information
. Stripe provides a verification and fraud prevention Service that our Business Users can use to verify Personal Data about you, such as your authorization to use a particular payment method. During the process, you’d be asked to share with us certain Personal Data (like your government ID and selfie for biometric verification, Personal Data you input, or Personal Data that is apparent from the physical payment method like a credit card image). To protect against fraud and determine if somebody is trying to impersonate you, we may cross-verify this data with information about you that we've collected from Business Users, Financial Partners, business affiliates, identity verification services, publicly available sources, and other third party service providers and sources.
Learn More
.
More
. For further information about other types of Personal Data that we may collect about End Customers, including about your online activity, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
b. How we use and share Personal Data of End Customers
To provide our Business Services to our Business Users, we use and share End Customers' Personal Data with them. Where allowed, we also use End Customers' Personal Data for Stripe’s own purposes such as enhancing security, improving and offering our Business Services, and preventing fraud, loss, and other damages, as described further below.
Payment processing and accounting
. We use your Transaction Data to deliver Payment-related Business Services to Business Users — including online payment transactions processing, sales tax calculation, and invoice, bill, and dispute handling — and to help them determine their revenue, settle their bills, and execute accounting tasks.
Learn More
. We may also use your Personal Data to provide and improve our Business Services.
During payment transactions, your Personal Data is shared with various entities in connection with your transaction. As a service provider or data processor, we share Personal Data to enable transactions as directed by Business Users. For instance, when you choose a payment method for your transaction, we may share your Transaction Data with your bank or other payment method provider, including as necessary to authenticate you, Learn More, process your transaction, prevent fraud, and handle disputes. The Business User you choose to do business with also receives Transaction Data and might share the data with others. Please review your merchant’s, bank’s, and payment method provider’s privacy policies for more information about how they use and share your Personal Data.
Financial services
. Certain Business Users leverage our Services to offer financial services to you via Stripe or our Financial Partners. For example, a Business User may issue a card product with which you can purchase goods and services. Such cards could carry the brand of Stripe, the bank partner, and/or the Business User. In addition to any Transaction Data we may generate or receive when these cards are used for purchases, we also collect and use your Personal Data to provide and manage these products, including assisting our Business Users in preventing misuse of the cards. Please review the privacy policies of the Business User and, if applicable, our bank partners associated with the financial service (the brands of which may be shown on the card) for more information.
Identity/Verification services
. We use Personal Data about your identity to perform verification services for Stripe or for the Business Users that you are transacting with, to prevent fraud, and to enhance security. For these purposes we may use Personal Data you provide directly or Personal Data we obtain from our service providers, including for phone verification.
Learn More
. If you provide a selfie along with an image of your identity document, we may employ biometric technology to compare and calculate whether they match and verify your identity.
Learn More
.
Fraud detection and loss prevention.
We use your Personal Data collected across our Services to detect and prevent losses for you, us, our Business Users, and Financial Partners. We may provide Business Users and Financial Partners, including those using our fraud prevention-related Business Services, with your Personal Data (including your attempted transactions) to help them assess the fraud or loss risk associated with a transaction. Learn more about how we may use technology to assess the fraud risk associated with an attempted transaction and what information we share with Business Users and Financial Partners
here
and
here
.
Our Business Users (and their authorized third parties).
We share End Customers' Personal Data with their respective Business Users and parties directly authorized by those Business Users to receive such data. Here are common examples of such sharing:
When a Business User instructs Stripe to provide another Business User with access to its Stripe account, including data related to its End Customers, via Stripe Connect.
Sharing information that you have provided to us with a Business User so that we can send payments to you on behalf of that Business User.
Sharing information, documents, or images provided by an End Customer with a Business User when the latter uses Stripe Identity, our identity verification Service, to verify the identity of the End Customer.
The Business Users you choose to do business with may further share your Personal Data with third parties (like additional third party service providers other than Stripe). Please review the Business User’s privacy policy for more information.
Advertising by Business Users
. If you initiate a purchasing process with a Business User, the Business User receives your Personal Data from us in connection with our provision of Services even if you don't finish your purchase. The Business User may use your Personal Data to market and advertise their products or services, subject to the terms of their privacy policy. Please review the Business User’s privacy policy for more information, including your rights to stop their use of your Personal Data for marketing purposes.
More
. For further information about additional ways by which we may use and share End Customers' Personal Data, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
1.3 Representatives
We collect, use, and share Personal Data from Representatives of Business Users (for example, business owners) to provide our Business Services. For more information about how we collect, use, and share Personal Data from Representatives, as well as the
legal bases
we rely on for processing such Personal Data, please visit our
Privacy Center
.
a. Personal Data we collect about Representatives
Registration and contact information
. When you register for a Stripe account for a Business User (including incorporation of a Business), we collect your name and login credentials. If you register for or attend an event organized by Stripe or sign up to receive Stripe communications, we collect your registration and profile data. As a Representative, we may collect your Personal Data from third parties, including data providers, to advertise, market, and communicate with you as detailed further in the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below. We may also link a location with you to tailor the Services or information effectively to your needs.
Learn More
.
Identification Information
. As a current or potential Business User, an owner of a Business User, or a shareholder, officer, or director of a Business User, we need your contact details, such as name, postal address, telephone number, and email address, to fulfill our Financial Partner and regulatory requirements, verify your identity, and prevent fraudulent activities and harm to the Stripe platform. We collect your Personal Data, such as ownership interest in the Business User, date of birth, government-issued identity documents, and associated identifiers, as well as any history of fraud or misuse, directly from you and/or from publicly available sources, third parties such as credit bureaus and via the Services we provide.
Learn More
. You may also choose to provide us with bank account information.
More
. For further information about other types of Personal Data that we may collect about Representatives, including your online activity, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
b. How we use and share Personal Data of Representatives
We typically use the Personal Data of Representatives to provide the Business Services to the corresponding Business Users. The ways we use and share this data are further described below.
Business Services
. We use and share Representatives’ Personal Data with Business Users to provide the Services requested by you or the Business User you represent.
In some instances, we may have to submit your Personal Data to a government entity to provide our Business Services, for purposes such as the incorporation of a business, or calculating and paying applicable sales tax. For our tax-related Business Services, we may use your Personal Data to prepare tax documents and file taxes on behalf of the Business User you represent. For our Atlas business incorporation Services, we may use your Personal Data to submit forms to the IRS on your behalf and file documents with other government authorities, such as articles of incorporation in your state of incorporation.
We share Representatives’ Personal Data with parties authorized by the corresponding Business User, such as Financial Partners servicing a financial product, or third party apps or services the Business User chooses to use alongside our Business Services. Here are common examples of such sharing:
Payment method providers, like Visa or WeChat Pay, require information about Business Users and their Representatives who accept their payment methods. This information is typically required during the onboarding process or for processing transactions and handling disputes for these Business Users.
Learn More
.
A Business User may authorize Stripe to share your Personal Data with other Business Users to facilitate the provision of Services through Stripe Connect.
The use of Personal Data by a third party authorized by a Business User is subject to the third party’s privacy policy.
If you are a Business User who has chosen a name that includes Personal Data (for example, a sole proprietorship or family name in a company name), we will use and share such information for the provision of our Services in the same way we do with any company name. This may include, for example, displaying it on receipts and other transaction-identifying descriptions.
Fraud detection and loss prevention
. We use Representatives’ Personal Data to identify and manage risks that our Business Services might be used for fraudulent activities causing losses to Stripe, End Users, End Customers, Business Users, Financial Partners, and others. We also use information about you obtained from publicly available sources, third parties like credit bureaus and from our Services to address such risks, including to identify patterns of misuse and monitor for terms of service violations. Stripe may share Representatives' Personal Data with Business Users, our Financial Partners, and third party service providers, including phone verification providers,
Learn More
, to verify the information provided by you and identify risk indicators.
Learn More
. We also use and share Representatives' Personal Data to conduct due diligence, including conducting anti-money laundering and sanctions screening in accordance with applicable law.
Advertising
. Where permitted by applicable law, and where required with your consent, we use and share Representatives’ Personal Data with third parties, including
Partners
, so we can advertise and market our Services and Partner integrations. Subject to applicable law, including any consent requirements, we may advertise through interest-based advertising and track the efficacy of such ads. See our
Cookie Policy
. We do not transfer your Personal Data to third parties in exchange for payment. However, we may provide your data to third party partners, like advertising partners, analytics providers, and social networks, who assist us in advertising our Services.
Learn more
. We may also use your Personal Data, including your Stripe account activity, to evaluate your eligibility for and offer you Business Services or promote existing Business Services.
Learn more
.
More
. For further information about additional ways by which we may use and share Representatives’ Personal Data, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
1.4 Visitors
We collect, use, and share the Personal Data of Visitors. More details about how we collect, use, and share Visitors’ Personal Data, along with the
legal bases
we rely on for processing such Personal Data, can be found in our
Privacy Center
.
a. Personal Data we collect about Visitors
When you browse our Sites, we receive your Personal Data, either provided directly by you or collected through our use of cookies and similar technologies. See our
Cookie Policy
for more information. If you opt to complete a form on the Site or third party websites where our advertisements are displayed (like LinkedIn or Facebook), we collect the information you included in the form. This may include your contact information and other information pertaining to your questions about our Services. We may also associate a location with your visit.
Learn More
.
More
. Further details about other types of Personal Data that we may collect from Visitors, including your online activity, can be found in the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
b. How we use and share Personal Data of Visitors
Personalization
. We use the data we collect about you using cookies and similar technologies to measure engagement with the content on the Sites, improve relevancy and navigation, customize your experience (such as language preference and region-specific content), and curate content about Stripe and our Services that's tailored to you. For instance, as not all of our Services are available globally, we may customize our responses based on your region.
Advertising
. Where permitted by applicable law, and where required with your consent, we use and share Visitors’ Personal Data with third parties, including
Partners
, so we can advertise and market our Services and Partner integrations. Subject to applicable law, including any consent requirements, we may advertise through interest-based advertising and track the efficacy of such ads. See our
Cookie Policy
. We do not transfer your Personal Data to third parties in exchange for payment, but we may provide your data to third party partners, like advertising partners, analytics providers, and social networks, who assist us in advertising our Services.
Learn more
.
Engagement
. As you interact with our Sites, we use the information we collect about and through your devices to provide opportunities for further interactions, such as discussions about Services or interactions with chatbots, to address your questions.
More
. For more information about additional ways we may use and share Visitors’ Personal Data, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
2. More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
In addition to the ways described above, we also process your Personal Data as follows:
a. Collection of Personal Data
Online Activity
. Depending on the Service used and how our Business Services are implemented by the Business Users, we may collect information related to:
The devices and browsers you use across our Sites and third party websites, apps, and other online services (“Third Party Sites”).
Usage data associated with those devices and browsers and your engagement with our Services, including data elements like IP address, plug-ins, language preference, time spent on Sites and Third Party Sites, pages visited, links clicked, payment methods used, and the pages that led you to our Sites and Third Party Sites. We also collect activity indicators, such as mouse activity indicators, to help us detect fraud.
Learn More
. See also our
Cookie Policy
.
Communication and Engagement Information
. We also collect information you choose to share with us through various channels, such as support tickets, emails, or social media. If you respond to emails or surveys from Stripe, we collect your email address, name, and any other data you opt to include in your email or responses. If you engage with us over the phone, we collect your phone number and any other information you might provide during the call. Calls with Stripe or Stripe representatives may be recorded.
Learn More
. Additionally, we collect your engagement data, like your registration for, attendance at, or viewing of Stripe events and any other interactions with Stripe personnel.
Forums and Discussion Groups
. If our Sites allow posting of content, we collect Personal Data that you provide in connection with the post.
b. Use of Personal Data.
Besides the use of Personal Data described above, we use Personal Data in the ways listed below:
Analyzing, Improving, and Developing our Services
. We collect and process Personal Data throughout our various Services, whether you are an End User, End Customer, Representative, or Visitor, to improve our Services, develop new Services, and support our efforts to make our Services more efficient, relevant, and useful to you.
Learn More
.  We may use Personal Data to generate aggregate and statistical information to understand and explain how our Services are used.  Examples of how we use Personal Data to analyze, improve, and develop our products and services include:
Using analytics on our Sites, including as described in our Cookie Policy, to help us understand your use of our Sites and Services and diagnose technical issues.
Training machine learning models to power our Services and protect against fraud and other harm.
Learn more
.
Analyzing and drawing inferences from Transaction Data to reduce costs, fraud, and disputes and increase authentication and authorization rates for Stripe and our Business Users.
Communications
. We use the contact information we have about you to deliver our Services,
Learn More
, which may involve sending codes via SMS for your authentication.
Learn More
. If you are an End User, Representative, or Visitor, we may communicate with you using the contact information we have about you to provide information about our Services and our affiliates’ services, invite you to participate in our events, surveys, or user research, or otherwise communicate with you for marketing purposes, in compliance with applicable law, including any consent or opt-out requirements. For example, when you provide your contact information to us or when we collect your business contact details through participation at trade shows or other events, we may use this data to follow up with you regarding an event, provide information requested about our Services, and include you in our marketing information campaigns. Where permitted under applicable law, we may record our calls with you to provide our Services, comply with our legal obligations, perform research and quality assurance, and for training purposes.
Social Media and Promotions
. If you opt to submit Personal Data to engage in an offer, program, or promotion, we use the Personal Data you provide to manage the offer, program, or promotion. We also use the Personal Data you provide, along with the Personal Data you make available on social media platforms, for marketing purposes, unless we are not permitted to do so.
Fraud Prevention and Security
. We collect and use Personal Data to help us identify and manage activities that could be fraudulent or harmful across our Services, enable our fraud detection Business Services, and secure our Services and transactions against unauthorized access, use, alteration or misappropriation of Personal Data, information, and funds. As part of the fraud prevention, detection, security monitoring, and compliance efforts for Stripe and its Business Users, we collect information from publicly available sources, third parties (such as credit bureaus), and via the Services we offer. In some instances, we may also collect information about you directly from you, or from our Business Users, Financial Partners, and other third parties for the same purposes. Furthermore, to protect our Services, we may receive details such as IP addresses and other identifying data about potential security threats from third parties.
Learn More
. Such information helps us verify identities, conduct credit checks where lawfully permitted, and prevent fraud. Additionally, we might use technology to evaluate the potential risk of fraud associated with individuals seeking to procure our Business Services or arising from attempted transactions by an End Customer or End User with our Business Users or Financial Partners.
Compliance with Legal Obligations
. We use Personal Data to meet our contractual and legal obligations related to anti-money laundering, Know-Your-Customer ("KYC") laws, anti-terrorism activities, safeguarding vulnerable customers, export control, and prohibition of doing business with restricted persons or in certain business fields, among other legal obligations. For example, we may monitor transaction patterns and other online signals and use those insights to identify fraud, money laundering, and other harmful activity that could affect Stripe, our Financial Partners, End Users, Business Users and others.
Learn More
. Safety, security, and compliance for our Services are key priorities for us, and collecting and using Personal Data is crucial to this effort.
Minors
. Our Services are not directed to children under the age of 13, and we request that they do not provide Personal Data to seek Services directly from Stripe. In certain jurisdictions, we may impose higher age limits as required by applicable law.
c. Sharing of Personal Data.
Besides the sharing of Personal Data described above, we share Personal Data in the ways listed below:
Stripe Affiliates
. We share Personal Data with other Stripe-affiliated entities for purposes identified in this Policy.
Service Providers or Processors
. In order to provide, communicate, market, analyze, and advertise our Services, we depend on service providers. These providers offer critical services such as providing cloud infrastructure, conducting analytics for the assessment of the speed, accuracy, and/or security of our Services, verifying identities, identifying potentially harmful activity, and providing customer service and audit functions. We authorize these service providers to use or disclose the Personal Data we make available to them to perform services on our behalf and to comply with relevant legal obligations. We require these service providers to contractually commit to security and confidentiality obligations for the Personal Data they process on our behalf. The majority of our service providers are based in the European Union, the United States of America, and India.
Learn More
.
Financial Partners
. We share Personal Data with certain Financial Partners to provide Services to Business Users and offer certain Services in conjunction with these Financial Partners. For instance, we may share certain Personal Data, such as payment processing volume, loan repayment data, and Representative contact information, with institutional investors and lenders who purchase loan receivables or provide financing related to Stripe Capital.
Learn More
.
Others with Consent
. In some situations, we may not offer a service, but instead refer you to others (like professional service firms that we partner with to deliver the Atlas Service). In these instances, we will disclose the identity of the third party and the information to be shared with them, and seek your consent to share the information.
Corporate Transactions
. If we enter or intend to enter a transaction that modifies the structure of our business, such as a reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer, change of control, or other disposition of all or part of our business, assets, or stock, we may share Personal Data with third parties in connection with such transaction. Any other entity that buys us or part of our business will have the right to continue to use your Personal Data, subject to the terms of this Policy.
Compliance and Harm Prevention
. We share Personal Data when we believe it is necessary to comply with applicable law; to abide by rules imposed by Financial Partners in connection with the use of their payment method; to enforce our contractual rights; to secure and protect the Services, rights, privacy, safety, and property of Stripe, you, and others, including against malicious or fraudulent activity; and to respond to valid legal requests from courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies, and other public and government authorities, which may include authorities outside your country of residence.
3. Legal bases for processing Personal Data
For purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and other applicable data protection laws, we rely on a number of legal bases to process your Personal Data.
Learn More
. For some jurisdictions, there may be additional legal bases, which are outlined in the
Jurisdiction-Specific Provisions
section below.
a. Contractual and Pre-Contractual Business Relationships
. We process Personal Data to enter into business relationships with prospective Business Users and End Users and fulfill our respective contractual obligations with them. These processing activities include:
Creation and management of Stripe accounts and Stripe account credentials, including the assessment of applications to initiate or expand the use of our Services;
Creation and management of Stripe Checkout accounts;
Accounting, auditing, and billing activities; and
Processing of payments and related activities, which include fraud detection, loss prevention, transaction optimization, communications about such payments, and related customer service activities.
b. Legal Compliance
. We process Personal Data to verify the identities of individuals and entities to comply with obligations related to fraud monitoring, prevention, and detection, laws associated with identifying and reporting illicit and illegal activities, such as those under the Anti-Money Laundering ("AML") and Know-Your-Customer (“KYC") regulations, and financial reporting obligations. For example, we may be required to record and verify a Business User’s identity to comply with regulations designed to prevent money laundering, fraud, and financial crimes. These legal obligations may require us to report our compliance to third parties and subject ourselves to third party verification audits.
c. Legitimate Interests
. Where permitted under applicable law, we rely on our legitimate business interests to process your Personal Data. The following list provides an example of the business purposes for which we have a legitimate interest in processing your data:
Detection, monitoring, and prevention of fraud and unauthorized payment transactions;
Mitigation of financial loss, claims, liabilities or other harm to End Customers, End Users, Business Users, Financial Partners, and Stripe;
Determination of eligibility for and offering new Stripe Services (
Learn More
);
Response to inquiries, delivery of Service notices, and provision of customer support;
Promotion, analysis, modification, and improvement of our Services, systems, and tools, as well as the development of new products and services, including enhancing the reliability of the Services;
Management, operation, and improvement of the performance of our Sites and Services, through understanding their effectiveness and optimizing our digital assets;
Analysis and advertisement of our Services, and related improvements;
Aggregate analysis and development of business intelligence that enable us to operate, protect, make informed decisions about, and report on the performance of our business;
Sharing of Personal Data with third party service providers that offer services on our behalf and business partners that help us in operating and improving our business (
Learn More)
;
Enabling network and information security throughout Stripe and our Services; and
Sharing of Personal Data among our affiliates.
d. Consent
. We may rely on consent or explicit consent to collect and process Personal Data regarding our interactions with you and the provision of our Services such as Link, Financial Connections, Atlas, and Identity. When we process your Personal Data based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time, and such a withdrawal will not impact the legality of processing performed based on the consent prior to its withdrawal.
e. Substantial Public Interest
. We may process special categories of Personal Data, as defined by the GDPR, when such processing is necessary for reasons of substantial public interest and consistent with applicable law, such as when we conduct politically-exposed person checks. We may also process Personal Data related to criminal convictions and offenses when such processing is authorized by applicable law, such as when we conduct sanctions screening to comply with AML and KYC obligations.
f. Other valid legal bases
. We may process Personal Data further to other valid legal bases as recognized under applicable law in specific jurisdictions. See the Jurisdiction-specific provisions section below for more information.
4. Your rights and choices
Depending on your location and subject to applicable law, you may have choices regarding our collection, use, and disclosure of your Personal Data:
a. Opting out of receiving electronic communications from us
If you wish to stop receiving marketing-related emails from us, you can opt-out by clicking the unsubscribe link included in such emails or as described
here
. We'll try to process your request(s) as quickly as reasonably practicable. However, it's important to note that even if you opt out of receiving marketing-related emails from us, we retain the right to communicate with you about the Services you receive (like support and important legal notices) and our Business Users might still send you messages or instruct us to send you messages on their behalf.
b. Your data protection rights
Depending on your location and subject to applicable law, you may have the following rights regarding the Personal Data we process about you as a data controller:
The right to request confirmation of whether Stripe is processing Personal Data associated with you, the categories of personal data it has processed, and the third parties or categories of third parties with which your Personal Data is shared;
The right to request access to the Personal Data Stripe processes about you (
Learn More
);
The right to request that Stripe rectify or update your Personal Data if it's inaccurate, incomplete, or outdated;
The right to request that Stripe erase your Personal Data in certain circumstances as provided by law (
Learn More
);
The right to request that Stripe restrict the use of your Personal Data in certain circumstances, such as while Stripe is considering another request you've submitted (for instance, a request that Stripe update your Personal Data);
The right to request that we export the Personal Data we hold about you to another company, provided it's technically feasible;
The right to withdraw your consent if your Personal Data is being processed based on your previous consent;
The right to object to the processing of your Personal Data if we are processing your data based on our legitimate interests; unless there are compelling legitimate grounds or the processing is necessary for legal reasons, we will cease processing your Personal Data upon receiving your objection (
Learn More
);
The right not to be discriminated against for exercising these rights; and
The right to appeal any decision by Stripe relating to your rights by contacting Stripe’s Data Protection Officer (“DPO”) at
dpo@stripe.com
, and/or relevant regulatory agencies.
You may have additional rights, depending on applicable law, over your Personal Data. For example, see the Jurisdiction-specific provisions section under United States below.
c. Process for exercising your data protection rights
To exercise your data protection rights related to Personal Data we process as a data controller, visit our
Privacy Center
or contact us as outlined below.  For Personal Data we process as a data processor, please reach out to the relevant data controller (Business User) to exercise your rights. If you contact us regarding your Personal Data we process as a data processor, we will refer you to the relevant data controller to the extent we are able to identify them.
5. Security and Retention
We make reasonable efforts to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk associated with the processing of your Personal Data. We maintain organizational, technical, and administrative measures designed to protect the Personal Data covered by this Policy from unauthorized access, destruction, loss, alteration, or misuse.
Learn More
. Unfortunately, no data transmission or storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
We encourage you to assist us in protecting your Personal Data. If you hold a Stripe account, you can do so by using a strong password, safeguarding your password against unauthorized use, and avoiding using identical login credentials you use for other services or accounts for your Stripe account. If you suspect that your interaction with us is no longer secure (for instance, you believe that your Stripe account's security has been compromised), please
contact us
immediately.
We retain your Personal Data for as long as we continue to provide the Services to you or our Business Users, or for a period in which we reasonably foresee continuing to provide the Services. Even after we stop providing Services directly to you or to a Business User that you're doing business with, and even after you close your Stripe account or complete a transaction with a Business User, we may continue to retain your Personal Data to:
Comply with our legal and regulatory obligations;
Enable fraud monitoring, detection, and prevention activities; and
Comply with our tax, accounting, and financial reporting obligations, including when such retention is required by our contractual agreements with our Financial Partners (and where data retention is mandated by the payment methods you've used).
In cases where we keep your Personal Data, we do so in accordance with any limitation periods and record retention obligations imposed by applicable law.
Learn More
.
6. International Data Transfers
As a global business, it's sometimes necessary for us to transfer your Personal Data to countries other than your own, including the United States. These countries might have data protection regulations that are different from those in your country. When transferring data across borders, we take measures to comply with applicable data protection laws related to such transfer. In certain situations, we may be required to disclose Personal Data in response to lawful requests from officials, such as law enforcement or security authorities.
Learn More
.
If you are located in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), the United Kingdom ("UK"), or Switzerland, please refer to our
Privacy Center
for additional details. When a data transfer mechanism is mandated by applicable law, we employ one or more of the following:
Transfers to certain countries or recipients that are recognized as having an adequate level of protection for Personal Data under applicable law.
EU Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the European Commission and the UK International Data Transfer Addendum issued by the Information Commissioner’s Office. You can obtain a copy of the relevant Standard Contractual Clauses.
Learn More
.
Other lawful methods available to us under applicable law.
Stripe, Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce and as applicable.
Learn More
.
Stripe’s privacy practices, as described in this Privacy Policy, comply with the Cross Border Privacy Rules System (“CBPR”) and Privacy Rules for Processor (“PRP”) systems. These systems provide a framework for organizations to ensure protection of personal data transferred among participating economies. Where CBPR and/or PRP are recognized as a valid transfer mechanism under applicable law, Stripe will transfer Personal Data in accordance with the CBPR and PRP certifications Stripe has obtained. More information about the framework can be found
here
and
here
. If you have unresolved privacy or data use concerns that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S. based third-party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
. To view the status of our certifications, please click
here
(CBPR) and
here
(PRP).
7. Updates and notifications
We may change this Policy from time to time to reflect new services, changes in our privacy practices or relevant laws. The “Last updated” legend at the top of this Policy indicates when this Policy was last materially revised. Any changes are effective the latter of when we post the revised Policy on the Services or otherwise provide notice of the update as required by law.
We may provide you with disclosures and alerts regarding the Policy or Personal Data collected by posting them on our website and, if you are an End User or Representative, by contacting you through your Stripe Dashboard, email address and/or the physical address listed in your Stripe account.
8. Jurisdiction-specific provisions
Australia
. “Personal Data” includes “personal information” as defined under applicable privacy laws in Australia, including the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) as amended from time to time.
If we use personal information to make automated decisions that could reasonably be expected to significantly affect your rights or interests, we will provide the legally required information and transparency via our
Privacy Center
, and/or on a case by case basis.
If you are an Australian resident and dissatisfied with our handling of any complaint you raise under this Policy, you may consider contacting the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner.
Brazil
. You may exercise your rights by contacting our DPO Adi Gilad at dpo@stripe.com. Brazilian residents, for whom the Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais (“LGPD”) applies, have rights set forth in Article 18 of the LGPD.
Canada
. As used in this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Federal Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (“PIPEDA”), the Personal Information Protection Act, SBC 2003 c 63, in British Columbia, the Personal Information Protection Act, SA 2003 c P-6.5, in Alberta, and the Act Respecting the Protection of Personal Information in the Private Sector, CQLR c P-39-1 (“Quebec Private Sector Act”), in Quebec.
Learn more.
“Personal Data” includes “personal information” as defined under those laws.
Stripe’s Chief Privacy Officer is the person in charge of personal information, including under the Quebec Private Sector Act.  You may contact them via email at privacy@stripe.com.  When Stripe collects Personal Data belonging to Canadian (including Quebec) residents, it transfers that data to data centers in the United States.  When Stripe relies on service providers to process Personal Data as described herein, those service providers may also be located outside of Canada or Quebec.
You have the right to request access or rectification of the Personal Data Stripe holds related to you or to withdraw any consent given to the processing of such personal data.  You may exercise those rights by contacting Stripe’s Chief Privacy Officer at privacy@stripe.com.  If you are an End Customer, you should contact the Business User with which you transacted to exercise your rights.
EEA and UK
. You may exercise your rights by contacting our DPO at dpo@stripe.com. If you are a resident of the EEA or the Stripe entity accountable for your Personal data is otherwise subject to the GDPR, and you believe our processing of your information contradicts the GDPR, you may direct your questions or complaints to the Irish Data Protection Commission. If you are a resident of the UK, direct your questions or concerns to the UK Information Commissioner’s Office. You also have additional rights under the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.
Learn More
.
India
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Digital Personal Data Protection Act (“DPDPA”) once the DPDPA enters into effect. Further, the term “data controller” includes “data fiduciaries,” and the term “data subject” includes “data principal,” both as defined in the DPDPA.
In some cases, and as permitted under the DPDPA, we may rely on “legitimate use” as a legal basis. For example, we might do so when you voluntarily provide your Personal Data to us. Where we are required to obtain your explicit and informed consent, we will do so on a case by case basis. “Consent Managers” as defined under the DPDPA may submit a request to revoke or provide consent using the methods described in the Contact Us section below, or as set out in the following paragraph, or via other means made available by Stripe in the future. We may ask for proof of authorization and identity before processing such a request.
You have the right to contact Stripe to nominate another individual, who may, in the event of your death or incapacity, exercise your rights under this Privacy Policy and under the DPDPA and implementing regulations.
In certain cases, you may be asked to consent to the collection and processing of your Aadhaar number by Stripe India Private Limited and/or its third party verification partner(s). The purpose of this collection is to facilitate the identification verification process as required under applicable laws. Your provision of Aadhaar details is purely voluntary, and you may provide other identification documents as may be accepted by us from time to time. You will not be denied service merely for not submitting Aadhaar details.
If you have any questions or complaints regarding the processing of your Personal Data in India, or if you want to receive this Policy or communicate with us about privacy in one of India’s official languages, please
contact our Nodal and Grievance Officer
.
Learn More
. Alternatively, you may contact our DPO at dpo@stripe.com. If we are unable to address your complaint or grievance, you have the right to escalate the matter to the Data Protection Board of India.
Indonesia
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes Law No. 11 of 2008 as amended by Law No. 19 of 2016 on Electronic Information and Transactions, Government Regulation No. 71 of 2019 on the Implementation of Electronic Systems and Transactions, and Minister of Communication and Informatics Regulation No. 20 of 2016 on Personal Data Protection in Electronic Systems, and from September 2024, Law No. 27 of 2022 concerning Personal Data Protection (“PDP Law”). If you have any questions or complaints about this Policy, please contact our DPO at dpo@stripe.com.
Japan
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Act on the Protection of Personal Information (“APPI”). When we transfer Personal Data of data subjects in Japan to jurisdictions not recognized as ‘adequate’ by the Personal Information Protection Commission, we enter into written agreements with any third parties located outside of Japan. These written agreements provide rights and obligations equivalent to those provided under the Japanese Act on the Protection of Personal Information. For more information on how we ensure that third parties protect your data and where your data is located, please see above or contact us as described below. For a description of foreign systems and frameworks that may affect the implementation of equivalent measures by the third party, see
here
. In some cases, and as permitted under the APPI, we may rely on “public interest” as a legal basis, such as fraud detection and loss prevention.
Malaysia
. If you have any questions or complaints about this Policy, please contact our DPO at dpo@stripe.com.
Singapore
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Personal Data Protection Act 2012 (“PDPA”) (No. 26 of 2012) as amended from time to time. In some cases, and as permitted under the PDPA, we may rely on “deemed consent” as a legal basis. For example, we do so when you voluntarily provide your personal data to us. If you have any questions or complaints about this Policy, please contact our DPO at dpo@stripe.com.
Switzerland
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Swiss Federal Act on Data Protection (“FADP”), as revised. To exercise your rights under the FADP, please contact our DPO at dpo@stripe.com. You may also have additional rights under the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework.
Learn More
.
Thailand
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Personal Data Protection Act 2019 (“PDPA”). If we rely on certain legal bases (such as “legal obligation” or “contractual necessity” and you do not provide us with your Personal Data, we may not be able to lawfully provide you services. If you have any questions or complaints about this Policy, please contact our DPO at
dpo@stripe.com
. Where required, we have put in place appropriate safeguards for the cross-border transfer of Personal Data from Thailand, including the EU Standard Contractual Clauses as adapted for Thailand data transfers in accordance with the Notification of the Personal Data Protection Committee on Criteria for the Protection of Personal Data Sent or Transferred to a Foreign Country Pursuant to Section 29 of the Personal Data Protection Act, B.E. 2562 B.E. 2566 (2023).
United States
. If you are a consumer located in the United States (“US”), we process your personal information in accordance with US federal and state privacy laws. For additional  details, please review the information below and see our additional U.S. Privacy Disclosures
here
. Stripe uses cookies, including advertising cookies, as described in our
Cookie Policy
.
Your Rights and Choices
. As a US consumer and subject to certain limitations under US privacy laws, you may have choices regarding our use and disclosure of your Personal Data.  In addition to the
above rights
, you may also have the rights listed in this section. Please see our Privacy Center to
learn more
about data subject rights metrics and
learn more
about the laws under which these rights may apply.
Exercising the right to know: You have a right to request additional information about the categories of personal information collected, sold, disclosed, or shared; purposes for which this personal information was collected, sold, or shared; categories of sources of personal information; and categories of third parties with whom we disclosed or shared this personal information.
Exercising the right to opt-out from a sale or sharing: We do not transfer your personal data to third parties in exchange for payment. However, as noted above, we may provide the data to third party partners, such as advertising partners, analytics providers, and social networks, who assist us in advertising our products and Services to you. Because these third parties may use the data Stripe provides for their own purposes, Stripe's provision of data to these parties may be considered a data “sale” or “sharing” (for behavioral advertising) as those terms are defined under the CCPA and other applicable US privacy laws. You can opt out of targeted advertising and any related data “sales” or “sharing” (for behavioral advertising)
here
.
Exercising the right to limit the use or sharing of Sensitive Personal Information: We do not sell or share (for behavioral advertising) Sensitive Personal Information as defined by US privacy laws and have not done so in the past 12 months. Learn more about our collection and use of Sensitive Personal Information over the last 12 months
here
.
Profiling with legal or similarly significant effects
: In the event that we engage in profiling or automated decision making for which applicable law entitles you to an opt out we will provide you with notice of how to exercise that opt-out right.
Appeal
: If you wish to appeal any of our decisions regarding a rights request under US privacy laws, you may do so by contacting Stripe’s Data Protection Officer (“DPO”) at
dpo@stripe.com
.
To submit a request to exercise any of the rights described above, please contact us using the methods described in the Contact Us section below. Please note that rights under some U.S. state laws do not apply to Personal Data we collect, process, and disclose when you act as a consumer to obtain financial products or services from Stripe for personal, family, or household purposes. The federal Gramm-Leach Bliley Act may govern how Stripe shares and protects that data instead. See our
US Consumer Privacy Notice
below for more information.
We will verify your request by asking you to send it from the email address associated with your account or requiring you to provide information necessary to verify your identity, including name, address, transaction history, photo identification, and other information associated with your account.
You may designate, in writing or through a power of attorney, an authorized agent to make requests on your behalf to exercise your rights under the CCPA and other applicable US privacy laws. Your agent may submit a request on your behalf by contacting us using the methods described in the Contact Us section below. We may still require you to directly verify your identity and confirm that you gave the authorized agent permission to submit the request.
Global Privacy Control signals
. Stripe honors the Global Privacy Control (GPC) opt-out preference signals.
Learn More
.
9. Contact us
If you have any questions or complaints about this Policy, please
contact us
. If you are an End Customer (i.e., an individual doing business or transacting with a Business User), please refer to the privacy policy or notice of the Business User for information regarding the Business User’s privacy practices, choices and controls, or contact the Business User directly.
10. US Consumer Privacy Notice
The following Consumer Privacy Notice applies to you if you are an individual who resides in the United States and obtains financial services from Stripe primarily for your own personal, family, or household purposes.
Last updated: January 16, 2025
FACTS
WHAT DOES STRIPE DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information.  Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing.  Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information.  Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
• Social Security Number
• Contact details
• Account balances and transaction history
• Payment, transaction, and purchase information and history
When you are
no longer
our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
How?
All financial companies need to share customers' personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers' personal information; the reasons Stripe chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does Stripe Share?
Can you limit this sharing
For our everyday business purposes – such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
For our marketing purposes - to offer our products and Services to you
Yes
No
For joint marketing with other financial companies
Yes
No
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes - information about your transactions and experiences
Yes
No
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes - information about your creditworthiness
No
We don’t share
For our affiliates to market to you
No
We don’t share
For nonaffiliates to market to you  (for data not collected through Financial Connections)
Yes
Yes
For nonaffiliates to market to you  (for data collected through Financial Connections)
No
We don’t share
To limit our sharing
Login to your Link account at
app.link.com/settings
and toggle off data sharing from the Messaging menu.
Please note: If you are a new customer, we can begin sharing your information 30 days from the date we sent this notice. When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
However, you can contact us at any time to limit our sharing.
Questions?
Contact us at privacy@stripe.com or visit us at https://support.link.com
Who we are
Who is providing this notice?
Stripe, Inc., Stripe Payments Company, and their affiliates that provide consumers services in the U.S.
What we do
How does Stripe protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access, destruction, loss, alteration, or misuse we use security measures to comply with federal law.  These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.  We impose access controls along with ongoing monitoring to prevent data misuse, and we require our service providers to take similar steps to protect your information.
How does Stripe collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you
• open a Link account;
• ask Stripe to process a payment for goods or services;
• provide bank account information to Stripe using Financial Connections
We also collect your personal information from others, such as affiliates or other companies.
Why can’t I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only
• sharing for affiliates’ everyday business purposes — information about your creditworthiness
• affiliates from using your information to market to you
• sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you.
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing. See the Other Important Information section below for more information on your rights under state law.
What happens when I limit sharing for an account I hold jointly with someone else?
Your choices will apply to everyone on your account.
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
• Our affiliates include companies operating under the Stripe name, such as Stripe Technology Europe, Ltd. and Stripe Payments UK, Ltd.
Nonaffiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control.  They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
• Nonaffiliates with which we share personal information include service providers that perform services or functions on our behalf, Business Users with which you choose to transact, partners with which we share data to provide you with services, and advertising partners, analytics providers, and social networks, who assist us in advertising our Services to you.
Joint Marketing
A formal agreement between non-affiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.
• Our joint marketing partners include financial companies we partner with to provide you with financial services.
Other important information
Vermont: If your account with us is associated with a Vermont billing address, we will not disclose information about your creditworthiness to our affiliates and will not disclose your personal information, financial information, credit report, or health information to nonaffiliated third parties to market to you, other than as permitted by Vermont law, unless you authorize us to make those disclosures.  For joint marketing, we will only disclose your name, contact information, and information about your transactions.  Additional information concerning our privacy policies can be found in our
Privacy Policy
and
Privacy Center
.
California: If your account with us is associated with a California billing address, we will not disclose Personal Data we collect about you except to the extent permitted under California law.  For instance, we may disclose your Personal Data as necessary to process transactions or provide products and services you request, at your instruction, as required for institution risk control, and to safeguard against fraud, identity theft, and unauthorized transactions.
For additional information about our privacy practices, please visit the
Stripe Privacy Center
.
Sub-policy 6
https://www.paypal.com/us/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full:
Back To Home Page
PayPal Privacy Statement
Overview
Non-Account Holders and Fastlane Profile Users
Categories of Personal Information We Collect
How is Personal Information used?
Do We Disclose Personal Information, and why?
How long does PayPal store your Personal Information?
How Do We Use Cookies and Tracking Technologies?
Your Data Protection Rights
How Do We Protect Your Personal Information?
Can Children Use Our Services?
Definitions
Our Contact Information
CCPA California Notice at Collection
US Consumer Privacy Notice
Download Printable PDF
PayPal Privacy Statement
Last updated on February 13, 2025
Overview
PayPal, Inc. (“we,” “our,” “us,” “PayPal”) provides this Privacy Statement to describe our use of your Personal Information when you use your PayPal account, Xoom account, visit our websites, or apply for, or use our Services, like Braintree and Zettle. This Privacy Statement does not apply to Excluded Services, such as Venmo and Hyperwallet.
We encourage you to read this Privacy Statement and to use it to help you make informed decisions.
Certain capitalized terms that are not otherwise defined in the Statement are explained in the
Definitions
section below.
We revise this Privacy Statement from time to time to reflect changes to our business, Services, or applicable laws. If the revised version requires notice in accordance with applicable law, we will provide you with 30 days prior notice by posting notice of the change on the "
Policy Updates
" or "
Privacy Statement
" page of our website, otherwise the revised Privacy Statement will be effective as of the published effective date. If you are a new User or are receiving this Privacy Statement for the first time and there is an upcoming change described on the
Policy Updates
or Privacy Statement page at the time you receive this Privacy Statement, such upcoming change will apply to you on the indicated effective date.
For most of our Services, we act as a “data controller” or “business”, however there are some products and features where PayPal may also act as a “data processor” or “service provider” when providing services to our Partners and Merchants.  The “data controller” or “business” (each as defined under applicable data protection laws) is the entity that has the control over the purposes and means by which the data processing is performed.  The “data processor” or “service provider” (each as defined under applicable data protection laws) is the entity that processes the Personal Information for the data controller, for the data controller’s specific purposes, and as otherwise permitted under applicable data protection laws.
Non-Account Holders and Fastlane Profile Users
Our Services may be accessed by individuals without a PayPal or Xoom account. We will collect Personal Information from you even if you are a non-account holder when you use our Services, such as when you use our Pay Without a PayPal account, use Unbranded Payment Services (e.g., Braintree and Zettle), use a Fastlane profile, or when a non-accountholder receives a payment through the Visa+ service from a PayPal account holder (“Recipient”). If you Pay Without a PayPal account, we may link your transaction information with your PayPal account, if you have one at the time you use the Service without logging in, or if you create a PayPal account later.
With a Fastlane profile, individuals can store their payment methods and other Personal Information with PayPal so that they can complete the checkout process faster,  create a store or loyalty account, or facilitate other transactions at participating Partners and Merchants with payment card, contact information, shipping data or other data they save in their Fastlane profile as relevant to the specific interaction, participating Partner or Merchant, all without having to manually input payment method details and other Personal Information each time they checkout ("Fastlane").
When you create a Fastlane profile, you are agreeing to let PayPal store your Personal Information, including your name, email, phone number, address information, billing information and payment method details, and other data that may be relevant to specific Partner or Merchant interactions, and pre-populate that information in the checkout flows or other interactive features of participating Partners and Merchants so that you can  enjoy a faster Partner and Merchant experience by not having to manually input  your payment or other information. We will also collect transaction and other Partner or Merchant data related to your purchases and other Partner or Merchant interactions when you use Fastlane. If you have a Fastlane profile, we may recognize you as a Fastlane user when you shop on the participating Partners’ and Merchants’ sites, and we may prompt you to engage in participating Partner or Merchant interactions, such as registering for a store or loyalty account using your Fastlane profile information. If you choose to interact with participating Partners or Merchants through Fastlane, you agree to let PayPal disclose your Fastlane profile information to the Participating Partners and Merchants and their service providers, and to facilitate your transaction and shopping experience on the participating Partners and Merchants sites.
The Visa+ Service enables eligible customers with a PayPal account to send and receive money to and from Venmo and third-party Visa+-enabled digital wallets (“Visa+”).
When you shop on Partner and Merchant sites, the Partner or Merchant may disclose Personal Information with PayPal that we will use in accordance with this Privacy Statement and the relevant PayPal user agreement.
Categories of Personal Information We Collect
Categories of Personal Information collected
from you
, including from your interactions with us and use of the Services:
Personal Identifiers
: Such as Name, Business Name, Address, Phone Number, Email, IP address, Device Information, Information collected from cookies or other tracking technologies, other information necessary to establish an account or profile.
Records and Financial Information
: Such as, bank account and routing numbers, credit and debit card information, amount you send or request, other financial information.
Transaction and Experience Information
: Such as online shopping cart information, shopping activity and goods or services considered on Partners and Merchants sites, shipping options and associated costs when you check out, purchase history, and order tracking and product information.
Geolocation
: We may collect IP-based geolocation data and Global Positioning System (GPS) with your consent during your user experience or based on your mobile application settings.
Internet or network activity
: interactions with our Services, Information about response time for web pages, download errors, date and time when you used the service, Location Information, such as your IP address, statistics regarding how pages are loaded or viewed, the websites you visited before coming to the Sites and other usage and browsing information collected through Cookies (“
Technical Usage Data
”).
Biometric
: When you consent in the user experience, we collect voice identification, photo identification, or face scans to verify your identity and authenticate you for certain actions related to your account, including, for example, verify your identity and authenticate you to meet regulatory requirements or before you access accounts and Services, recover passwords, update profile info, manage payments and payment methods, lift account limitations, and initiate cryptocurrency transfers.
Audio, electronic, visual, or similar information
: Call recordings when you talk to customer service.
Professional or employment information:
including business information, job title, contact emails, phone numbers and taxpayer ID numbers.
Imported Contact Information:
including name, address, phone number, images, email address or usernames associated with the contacts.
PayPal Account Profile Information:
username, profile picture, gender, or personal description which you add that may include sensitive personal information. You can set your profile to “Private” at any time.
Information you provide when you contact us:
Your response to surveys, recorded conversations, chat conversations with us, email correspondence with us, account or profile status, repayment history, voice identification, Information about others if you choose to share it with us.
Inferred data:
We may infer information about you such as your preferences and shopping behavior, based on your transactions and interactions with our Services or with our Partners and Merchants.
Characteristics of Protected Classifications:
including age or date of birth, national origin, disability, citizenship, military status.
Sensitive Personal Information:
Social Security number, government-issued identification, bank account and routing numbers, credit and debit card information, voice identification and Photo IDs or Precise Geolocation.
Information from your device:
including, language settings, browser ID, cookie preferences, time zone, operating system, platform, screen resolution and similar information about your device settings, data collected from cookies or other tracking technologies.
We may also obtain the above categories of Personal Information from the following
categories of sources
:
Excluded Services including Venmo and PayPal Honey.
Third parties: Service Providers, Partners and Merchants, Payment Partners, such as card networks and payment processors, Credit Reporting Agencies, Government Entities, Data Brokers, and Financial Institutions.
Linked Accounts: Non-financial or financial accounts you agree to link to PayPal, such as social network accounts, mail accounts or for open banking. You may change your mind about use of this feature and unlink your linked accounts at any time. If you choose to link these accounts or share such information with us, we will periodically collect and process it until you unlink the account.
Third Party Applications: Applications that you choose to use for example, the Apple App Store, Google Play Store, or social networking sites.
How is Personal Information used?
We may process your Personal Information for a variety of reasons, including to provide our Services, for security and fraud prevention and to comply with law. We may also use personal data to participate in certain features, that while not necessary for use of the Services, may be of interest to you, such as syncing your contact list to your account, personalize content and offers, targeted advertising, or connecting to a third-party platform. Some of these features may be offered with an opt-out, or require your consent to enable.
We may collect Personal Information to:
Provide our Services
: such as to help you send, receive or request money, initiate a payment, add monetary value to an account, pay a bill, administer your purchases, display shipping options and associated costs when you check out, show you your Fastlane profile, account and payment information, send and receive Visa+ transactions, to assess your creditworthiness in connection with our Services, confirm your identity and your contact information, to authenticate your access to your account or Fastlane profile and to confirm your account or profile and financial information is accurate and up to date. For Visa+, we will receive the recipient's name and payment information from Visa and third-party Visa+ participating digital wallets for the purpose of processing and matching Visa+ payment transactions between participating digital wallets and PayPal. If you are using Fastlane, we will also use your Personal Information and payment method details to determine whether the payment you are making with a participating Partner or Merchant is authorized by you and likely to be successfully authorized by the payment method you choose to use when you make a purchase using details from your Fastlane profile.
Provide receipts in connection with Zettle services
: For buyers using our Zettle services (including Venmo Tap to Pay), you may choose to provide us your contact details so that we can send you digital receipts. If you provide your e-mail address or mobile number to a Partner or Merchant who uses Zettle, we may remember your details for the next time you buy something from a Merchant who uses Zettle in its physical store, if you use the same payment card. This is regardless of whether if you have previously bought something from this Merchant or not. This means that your e-mail address or mobile number will be pre-filled in the receipt view for your convenience the next time you buy something from a Merchant who uses Zettle in its physical store.
Manage and improve our Services:
for example, to develop new products and features, for customer analysis, to administer our Services, and for internal operations, for example troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, and statistical purposes.
Manage fraud and risk
: We conduct risk analysis, fraud prevention and risk management to protect our customers and business, including fraud that involves our Partners and Merchants and strategic ventures.
Associate information about you:
if you use our Services without a PayPal account (e.g., Pay Without a PayPal account), we may associate such transactions with your PayPal account if you have one or later establish an account.
If you use one of the following Services: Fastlane, Venmo, and PayPal Honey; we may associate information about your transactions and experiences using these Services to personalize content and offers and improve your use of the PayPal services.
Market our Services
: We may use Personal Information to market our Services including where we partner with others to offer similar services to market about our Partners and Merchants. We use Personal Information,
including when we associate information about you,
to better understand and cater to your interests.
Communicate with you
: We may contact you when you need us, such as answering a question you sent to our customer service team.
Comply with Laws:
to comply with applicable laws and rules and enforce our agreements with you and other people who use our Services.
Process information about your contacts:
to make it easy for you to find and connect them, improve payment accuracy and suggest connections with people you may know.
By providing us with information about your contacts you certify that you have permission to provide that information to PayPal for the purposes described in this Privacy Statement.
Create an account connection between your account and a third-party account or platform
: such as with a social media account or a financial institution in connection with your participation in Open Banking.
Send you locally relevant options
: If you agree to let us track your precise location, we can customize our Services by using the right language and personalizing content such as providing location-based options, functionality or offers, ads and search results.
Even if you don’t allow us to track your location, we may still use your address to send you location-based options recommended by businesses that are near to your address.
Develop product recommendations
: We may use insights from purchases and other behaviors on our and our Partner or Merchant websites or apps to develop product recommendations about products, brands, sizes, preferences and styles that we provide to our Partners and Merchants so that they can recommend relevant products to you.
Remember your preferences
: We may remember your preferences for the next time you use the Services, such as whether you choose to receive digital receipts via email or text when you checkout.
Personalize your experience
: When you use Services, as well as other third-party sites and services, we might use tracking technologies like cookies. See our
Cookie Statement
for more details.
Do We Disclose Personal Information, and why?
We do not sell Personal Information to third parties for money or share your Personal Information for cross context behavioral advertising, including any sensitive personal information.
However, we may disclose customer insights, product recommendations, sizes, and preferences to Partners and Merchants to help them and us improve your shopping experience to make it more convenient and personalized for you.
If you choose to interact with participating Partners and Merchants through Fastlane, we will disclose your Fastlane profile information with the participating Partners and Merchants and their service providers, and facilitate your transaction, shopping experience or other interaction on participating Partners and Merchants sites.
We will also disclose your Personal Information with third parties to help us provide Services, protect our customers from risk and fraud, market our products, and comply with legal obligations.
We may disclose your sensitive personal information as appropriate to carry out legitimate business activities allowed by law.
Read more about our sharing practices below.
In addition, we may disclose Personal Information with the following categories of third parties:
Excluded Services
, including Venmo to provide you with the Services, personalize your use of the Services, to manage our business; or with PayPal Honey to manage our Rewards program.
Authorities
, if compelled to do so by a subpoena, court order, or similar legal procedure; when it is necessary to do so to comply with law; or where the disclosure of Personal Information is reasonably necessary to prevent physical harm or financial loss, to report suspected illegal activity, or to investigate violations of the relevant agreement, or as otherwise required by law that requires PayPal or Excluded Services to respond. Such authorities include courts, governments, law enforcement, and regulators. We may also be required to provide other third parties information about your use of our Services, for example to comply with card association rules, to investigate or enforce violations of our user agreement or to prevent physical harm or illegal activity.
Other financial institutions
, to jointly offer a product, such as PayPal Credit, PayPal Savings, PayPal Cashback Mastercard and PayPal Extra Mastercard.
Card networks and payment processors,
to facilitate payment processing or to add cards to your electronic wallet. For payment transactions with Fastlane, your Personal Information will be shared with the provider of the payment services for the participating Partner and Merchant to enable the processing of the payment transaction. The payment provider for the Partner and Merchant may be PayPal or a third party payment provider.
Fraud prevention and identity verification agencies
, for example to assist us in detecting activities suggestive of fraud.
Credit reporting and debt collection agencies,
for example to collect unpaid overdue debts through a third party such as a debt collection agency.
Service providers
that operate at our direction and on our behalf to perform services we outsource to them, such as processing payments, marketing, research, compliance, audits, corporate governance, communications, IT development, maintenance, hosting and support and customer service operations.
Other PayPal Account Holders to complete a transaction
. Some Personal Information is disclosed to other PayPal account holders as required to complete a payment transaction. This includes your username, profile photo, first and last name, email, and phone number.
Other Users in accordance with your account settings
. In accordance with your
account settings
or PayPal.Me preferences, your Personal Information can be seen by other account holders and non-account holders (“Users”) to help facilitate a transaction. For example, as part of the send money feature, a User may search for your account to initiate a payment. Based on your account settings, the information shown to other Users may include your username, profile photo, first and last name, email, phone number, city and state, month and year of PayPal account creation, and any additional information you include in the details or “about you” section of your account.
Other Users if you have a business profile
.  If you have a business profile, we will display a payment link and disclose certain information about you to other Users, including your name or business name, profile picture or logo, and the city associated with your PayPal account, as well as total time selling with us, total number of followers, and total number of unique Users that have paid you in the past year.
If you have a business profile, you can choose to display other information to other Users, such as your street address, phone number, email and website, in accordance with your business profile settings.
Linked accounts
, for example any social media accounts you asked us to link or when you link an account with another bank or
financial institutions,
card account, or aggregator
in connection with your participation in Open Banking
, so we can check if you have sufficient funds or confirm your ownership of the account.
Partners and Merchants, their service providers and others involved in a transaction
, for example when you use the Services to initiate online purchases, save your payment information with Fastlane, pay other Users using the Services, pay Recipients using Visa+, or return goods we may disclose information about you and your account or Fastlane profile with the other parties (or their service providers) involved in processing your transactions. We may also disclose Personal Information to Partners and Merchants to enable their use of our Services to facilitate your transactions.  For example, when you visit a participating Partner or Merchant site or app, the Partner or Merchant can check whether you are a user of PayPal services and present a recommended payment method to you to simplify your checkout process.
For our PayPal customers
, we may disclose your Personal Information to Partners and Merchants that you and we interact with, to help ourselves and Partners and Merchants personalize services and offers so you can have a better and more relevant experience.  Personal Information we disclose includes, for example, products, sizes, preferences, and styles we think you’ll like.
Unless we are required by law to obtain your consent, we disclose Personal Information collected you after November 27, 2024 (or from earlier if you consent) for personalized shopping experiences.
To opt-out of disclosures or Personal Information to Partners and Merchants for personalized shopping experiences, log into your PayPal account and edit your preferences in the Data and Privacy setting.
If you opt-out, we will continue to disclose your Personal Information as necessary to complete transactions you initiate, but will not disclose Personal Information to Partners and Merchant for personalized shopping experiences.
Please note
that Personal Information disclosed to Partners and Merchants (or their
service providers) involved in a transaction is subject to the Partners' and Merchants' own privacy policies and
procedures. We are not responsible for the privacy or security practices of Partners and Merchants.
Other third parties
, for example we disclose Personal Information to advertising platforms at your direction, or security service providers to help prevent unauthorized access to our Services.
Please be aware that these parties’ privacy notice applies to the Personal Information that you share directly with them
. For example, we use Google’s reCAPTCHA to prevent misuse of our Services, when you access our mobile application. We may also use Google Address Autofill to ensure accuracy of your address. Google’s
Privacy Policy
and
Terms of Use
apply to the Personal Information you share with them.
Buyers or in connection with business transfer
,
for example if we are involved in a merger, a purchase or sale of all or part of our business or assets, including receivables and debts, we may disclose, under appropriate data protection terms, your Personal Information to an interested or actual buyer of those business or assets. If PayPal or a significant portion of PayPal’s assets are acquired by a third party, Personal Information may also be disclosed.
How long does PayPal store your Personal Information?
We retain Personal Information for as long as needed or is permitted in context of the purpose for which it was collected and consistent with applicable law.
The criteria used to determine our retention period is as follows:
Personal Information used for the ongoing relationship between you and PayPal is stored for the duration of the relationship plus a period of 10 years, unless we need to keep it longer, such as:
a legal obligation or compliance with laws to which we are subject is retained consistent with the applicable law, such as under applicable bankruptcy laws and AML obligations
litigation, investigations, audit and compliance practices, or to protect against legal claims.
We retain biometric data for as long as needed or permitted given the purpose for which it was collected and no more than 3 years after your account closes, unless otherwise required by applicable law.
How Do We Use Cookies and Tracking Technologies?
When you interact with our Services, open email we send you, or visit a third-party website for which we provide Services, we and our partners use cookies and other tracking technologies such as pixel tags, web beacons, and widgets (collectively, “Cookies”) to recognize you as a user, customize your online experiences and online content, including to serve you interest-based advertising, perform analytics; mitigate risk and prevent potential fraud, and promote trust and safety across our Services.
We use Cookies to collect your device information, internet activity information, and generate inferences as described above.
You can disable or decline some Cookies for our Services. But, since some parts of our service rely on Cookies to work, those services could become difficult or impossible to use.
Some web browsers have an optional setting called “Do Not Track” (DNT) that lets you opt-out of being tracked by advertisers and some third parties. Because many of our services won’t function without tracking data, we do not respond to DNT settings.
If you want to know more about how we use cookies, please review our
Statement on Cookies and Tracking Technologies
. To learn how to opt-out of this kind of tracking technology, visit
About Ads
.
Your Data Protection Rights
Your rights to access, correction, deletion, and restriction to use or share your Personal Information.
Under applicable data protection law, depending upon the jurisdiction in which you reside and subject to applicable exceptions and definitional differences among various state laws, you may have certain rights about how your Personal Information is collected, stored, used and shared.
We recognize the importance of your ability to control the use of your Personal Information and provide several ways for you to exercise your rights to access (right to know your information), right to know third-parties to which we have disclosed Personal Information, correction, deletion (erasure), and to restrict certain information (right to opt-out of sharing and right to limit use and disclosure of sensitive personal information).
Certain state laws also provide residents of those states with the right to opt out of the “sale” (disclosing Personal Information in exchange for money or other consideration) or “sharing” (disclosing Personal Information for cross-context behavioral advertising) of your Personal Information or use of your Personal Information for certain types of targeted advertising.  Global Privacy Control settings is a browser setting that notifies website owners of users' privacy preferences regarding selling or sharing their Personal Information for cross-context behavioral advertising. PayPal does not respond to the Global Privacy Control signal because we do not sell or share your data.
We will not deny you services, charge you different prices, or provide you with a different level of service solely for exercising your privacy rights; although, certain personalized services for PayPal customers may not provide the same level of personalization with limited data sharing. If you are a California resident, learn more about how we handle your
Privacy Rights
.
How do you exercise your rights?
If you, or an authorized agent where permitted, want to exercise any of your rights relating to your Personal Information,
contact us
or submit your request from your account settings. If you have a PayPal account, you can exercise your privacy rights by accessing “Data and Privacy” from account settings in the PayPal app.
If you, or an authorized agent where permitted, want to exercise any of your rights relating to your Personal Information in your Fastlane profile,
contact us
or submit your request from your Fastlane profile management portal.
Even if you do not have a PayPal account (for example, where you use Pay without a PayPal account), you can submit a request for access, correction, or deletion of your Personal Information by contacting us at the number provided in our
Contact Information
section.
We’ll first need to verify who you are before we can respond to your request. We may ask you to provide us with information necessary to reasonably verify your identity before responding to your request. We will compare the information you submit against our internal business records to verify your identity. If we can’t verify your identity, we will not be able to fulfill your request. If we deny your request in whole or in part, you may have the right to appeal the decision. In such circumstances, we will provide you with information regarding the appeals process.
Your
right to request a copy of the Personal Information
. If you want to request the data we’ve collected about you in the past 12 months, you have choices:
Log in to your PayPal or Xoom account, or Fastlane profile management portal, and submit a request
Call or contact us
and request that we provide you with the data we’ve collected.
Your right
to correct your Personal Information:
Log in to your PayPal or Xoom account, or Fastlane profile management portal, and correct any information that you've previously added. For example, you can edit your addresses in your settings
Call or contact us
and request that we correct specific information
Your right
to delete your Personal Information:
Log in to your PayPal or Xoom account, or Fastlane profile management portal, and delete any information that you've previously added. For example, you may delete your non-primary addresses in your settings
Call us or contact us
and request that we delete specific information
Close your PayPal or Xoom account or Fastlane profile
If you close your PayPal or Xoom account, or Fastlane profile, or request that we delete Personal Information, we still need to keep some Personal Information as explained in
How long does PayPal store your Personal Information
section so we can:
Complete a transaction, provide goods or services you requested, or comply with our promises to you in the user agreement or other contract you have with us
Detect and prevent malicious, fraudulent, or illegal activity
Protect your (or another person’s) legal rights, including the right to free speech
Manage our internal business processes that are reasonably related to your expectations when using our Services
Comply with laws and other legal or governmental processes
California also offers a right to opt out of “Selling” and “Sharing” Personal Information. The Global Privacy Control setting is a browser setting that notifies website owners of users' privacy preferences regarding selling or sharing their personal information. PayPal does not respond to these settings because we do not sell or share data. Some personal information collected, processed, or disclosed by a financial institution are subject to federal laws, such as the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act. Consumers may read our
Consumer Privacy Notice
for more information about their rights under US federal law.
Understanding your choices
You can control how Personal Information is collected or disclosed, as well as how we communicate with you. Here are some of the ways you can customize your choices.
Choose how we collect Personal Information
You may choose to limit the Personal Information you provide when our apps or Services request it. To help make choices that are right for you, it’s important to understand that Personal Information helps us provide a richer, more personalized experience for you. Also, some Personal Information is required for our Services to function.
For example, sharing your contacts helps make it easier for you to find the people you want to send money to. If you choose not to share your contacts with us, you can still use our mobile apps, but some actions may not be as fast or easy as it would be if you shared your contacts. Another example is creating an account or Fastlane profile with us. If you choose not to provide information that is required for an account or Fastlane profile to function, like your name and email address, we will not be able to create an account or Fastlane profile for you.
Choose how linked accounts collect and use Personal Information
If you link your account to a third-party service, you may be able to manage how your Personal Information is collected, used, and shared by them. Read the third parties’ privacy policies to see the choices they offer you.
You can control which third-party services you link to your account and what Personal Information they can collect about you. For example, to manage the permissions, go to the Security settings in your PayPal account.
Choose what we disclose with other Users
Some Personal Information may be seen by other Users. You may be able to adjust or turn off this setting in the Data and Privacy section in your account settings.
Choose what we share with Partners and Merchants for Personalized Shopping
Unless we are required by law to obtain your consent, we share Personal Information collected after November 27, 2024 (or from earlier if you consent) for personalized shopping experiences. Personal Information we disclose includes, for example, products, preferences, sizes, and styles we think you’ll like. To opt-out of Personal Information sharing with Partners and Merchants for personalized shopping experiences, log into your PayPal account and edit your preferences in the Data and Privacy setting. If you opt-out, we will continue to disclose your Personal Information as necessary to complete transactions you initiate but will not disclose Personal Information to Partners and Merchants for personalized shopping experiences.
Choose how we communicate with you
Your choices about how we communicate with you differ depending on the purpose of the message and how it is delivered. Some messages are considered optional, and some are necessary for you to manage your accounts or Fastlane profile with us. We use email, text messages, push notifications on your mobile device, and even phone calls or paper mail depending on the situation and your preferences.
You can click the unsubscribe link in a PayPal or Fastlane marketing email, opt-out of a text message by replying “STOP,” or turn off notifications on your device. You can also change your account’s notification settings or the notification preferences on your device.
You won’t be able to opt-out of messages that are considered necessary for the Services, such as digital receipts and emails that alert you to changes in your account or Fastlane profile's status. You may be able to decide how we send those messages, such as by email, phone, text message, or a notification on your mobile device.
How Do We Protect Your Personal Information?
We maintain technical, physical, and administrative security measures designed to provide reasonable protection for your Personal Information against loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, and alteration. The security measures include firewalls, data encryption, physical access controls to our data centers, and information access authorization controls. While we are dedicated to securing our systems and Services, you are responsible for securing and maintaining the privacy of your password(s) and account/Fastlane profile registration information and verifying that the Personal Information we maintain about you is accurate and current. We are not responsible for protecting any Personal Information that we share with a third-party based on a linked account connection that you have authorized.
Can Children Use Our Services?
We do not knowingly collect information, including Personal Information, from children under the age of 13 or other individuals who are not legally allowed to use our Services. If we obtain actual knowledge that we have collected Personal Information from someone not allowed to use our Services, we will promptly delete it, unless we are legally obligated to retain such data.
Please
contact us
if you believe that we have mistakenly or unintentionally collected information from someone not allowed to use our Services.
We do not sell to third parties for money, or share Personal Information of anyone under 16 years of age, for the purpose of cross-context behavioral advertising.
Definitions
Device Information means data that can be automatically collected from any device used to access the Services. Such information may include, but is not limited to, your device type; your device’s network connections; your device’s name; your device IP address; information about your device’s web browser and internet connection you use to access the Services; Geolocation Information; information about apps downloaded to your device.
Excluded Services means companies or separate brands, affiliates, or subsidiaries of PayPal, who process Personal Information in accordance with their own terms of service and separate privacy statements. Examples include Venmo, Honey Science LLC, Chargehound LLC, Hyperwallet, Simility, Swift Financial LLC, and Bill Me Later, Inc
Geolocation Information means information that identifies, with precise specificity, your location by using, for instance, longitude and latitude coordinates obtained through your GPS, or your device settings.
Location Information means information that identifies, with reasonable specificity, your approximate location by using, for instance, longitude and latitude coordinates obtained through GPS or Wi-Fi or cell site triangulation.
Partners and Merchants means our partners and the merchants, partners or businesses that our Users transact with for the purpose of obtaining goods or services.
Pay Without a PayPal account means our Services may be accessed by individuals without using a PayPal account, a Fastlane profile, or the Unbranded Payment Services. Pay Without a PayPal account does not include Venmo, which is subject to its own terms of service and separate privacy statement.
PayPal means PayPal, Inc. which offers PayPal, Xoom, Unbranded Payment Services, and Fastlane profile services.
Personal Information in this Privacy Statement means information about you, including your identity, finances and online behavior.
Sell under California law is defined as the disclosure of Personal Information to third parties in exchange for monetary or other valuable consideration.
Services means any PayPal, Unbranded Payment Services, Pay Without a PayPal account, Fastlane, Xoom, Zettle (including Tap to Pay), bill pay, Rewards, sending or receiving money, credit products and services, including those offered with our Partners and Merchants, content, features, technologies, or functions, and all related websites, applications and services offered to you by PayPal, with the exception of the Excluded Services. Your use of the Services includes use of our Sites.
Sharing under California law is defined as the targeting of advertising to a consumer based on that consumer’s Personal Information obtained from the consumer’s activity across websites.
Sites means the websites, mobile apps, official social media platforms, or other online properties through which PayPal offers the Services and which has posted or linked to this Privacy Statement.
Unbranded Payment Services means when you are interacting with and making payments to Partners and Merchants using our card processing and/or ACH origination services that do not carry the PayPal brand or when you use our Braintree or Zettle services.
Our Contact Information
If you have questions about this Privacy Statement or your Personal Information, contact us so we can help.
To talk about your PayPal account or Unbranded Payment Services:
Call PayPal Customer Service at 1-888-221-1161
or
visit our Customer Service web portal
To talk about your Fastlane profile:
Call PayPal Customer Service at 1-844-705-3555
Or visit your
Fastlane profile management portal
To talk about your Xoom account:
Call Xoom Customer Service at 1-877-815-1531
or
visit our Help Center web portal
CCPA California Notice at Collection
Most of the Personal Information we collect is subject to federal and state privacy laws that apply to financial institutions. To the extent the Personal Information is not subject to these federal and state financial privacy laws and to the extent it is collected in California about California residents, the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) may apply. The following section pertains only to Personal Information that is subject to the CCPA (“CCPA personal information”) and makes statements that reference unique definitions and requirements of law.
This CCPA California Notice at Collection describes: (1) the purpose for which we use each category of “CCPA personal information” we collect; and (2) the categories of third parties to which we (a) disclose CCPA personal information for a business purpose, and/or (b) “share” CCPA personal information for “cross-context behavioral advertising” and/or (c) “sell” such CCPA personal information, as applicable.
Under California law, “sharing” is defined as the sharing or disclosure of CCPA personal information by a business to a third party, for the targeting of advertising to a consumer, based on that consumer’s personal information obtained from the consumer’s CCPA activity across businesses, websites, applications, or services, other than those with which a consumer uses or directs a business to internally disclose CCPA personal information or intentionally interact with one or more third parties. “Selling” is defined as the disclosure of CCPA personal information to third parties in exchange for monetary or other valuable consideration, but does not apply to such disclosures when a consumer uses or directs a business to intentionally disclose CCPA personal information or interact with one or more third parties.
We do not sell or share your CCPA personal information, including any Sensitive CCPA personal information, outside the exceptions.
We also do not sell or share, and have no actual knowledge that we have sold or shared any CCPA personal information of anyone under 16 years of age.
For more information about each category, purpose of use, and the third parties to which we disclose CCPA personal information, please see the “Categories of Personal Information We Collect”, “How is Personal Information used,” and “Do We Disclose Personal Information” sections.
Categories of Personal Information
Purpose of Collection
Categories of 3
rd
Parties to which PayPal discloses this Personal Information for Business Purpose
Identifiers
Provide Services
Communicate with you
Link an account
Manage and improve our Services
Manage fraud and risk
Market our Services
Comply with laws
Process information about your contacts
Communicate with you
Provide receipts in connection with Zettle services
Remember your preferences
Associate information about you
PayPal and PayPal Companies
Authorities
Other financial institutions
Card Networks and Payment Processors
Fraud prevention and identity verification agencies
Credit Reporting Agencies
Service providers
Other Users in accordance with account settings
Linked Accounts
Partners and Merchants
Other third parties
Buyers in connection with a business transfer
Records and Financial Information
Provide Services
Communicate with you
Link an account
Keep your account and Fastlane profile and financial information up to date
Manage and improve our Services
Manage fraud and risk
Market our Services Personalize your experience
Provide personalized Services
Comply with Laws
Process information about your contacts
Communicate with you
PayPal and PayPal Companies
Authorities
Other financial institutions
Card Networks and Payment Processors
Fraud prevention and identity verification agencies
Credit Reporting Agencies
Service Providers, other
Other Users in accordance with account settings
Linked Accounts
Partners and Merchants
Other third parties for business purposes
Buyers in connection with a business transfer
Commercial information
Provide Services
Communicate with you
Manage and improve our Services
Manage fraud and risk
Market our Services
Comply with Laws
Remember your preferences
Associate information about you
PayPal and PayPal Companies
Service Providers
Authorities
Other financial institutions
Partners and Merchants
Other third parties
Buyers or in connection with business transfer
Other Users if you have a business profile
Geolocation Data
Send you location-based options
Manage fraud and risk
Authorities
PayPal and PayPal Companies
Service Providers
Other financial institutions
Partners and Merchants
Internet or network activity
Operate and provide Services,
Communicate with you
Manage and improve Services
Market our Services
Send you locally relevant options
Comply with law
PayPal and PayPal Companies
Service Providers
Other financial institutions
Partners and Merchants
Authorities
Biometric
Authenticate you for certain actions related to your account, including to:
meet regulatory requirements or before you access accounts and services
recover passwords
update profile info
manage payments and payment methods
lift account limitations
initiate third-party crypto currency transfers
Service Providers
Audio, electronic, visual, or similar information
Provide Services
Authenticate your access to an account or Fastlane profile
Manage and improve Services
Manage fraud and risk
Service Providers
PayPal and PayPal Companies
Merchants and Partners
Authorities
Professional or employment information
Provide Services
Manage fraud and risk
Service Providers
PayPal and PayPal Companies
Merchants and Partners
Authorities
Other financial institutions
Information about your imported contacts
Provide Services
Service Providers
Information in your PayPal or Xoom account or Fastlane profile
Provide Services
Service Providers
PayPal and PayPal Companies
Merchants and Partners
Authorities
Other financial institutions
Information you provide when you contact us
Provide Services
Authenticate your access to an account or Fastlane profile
Manage and improve Services
Manage fraud and risk
Service Providers
PayPal and PayPal Companies
Merchants and Partners
Authorities
Inferred data
Provide Services
Manage fraud and risk
Market our Services
Display content based on your interest
Better respond to your requests or inquiries or for similar customer service issues
Verify your identity
Conduct risk assessment
PayPal and PayPal Companies
Service Providers
Other financial institutions
Merchants and Partners
Authorities
Sensitive Personal Information
Provide Services
Manage fraud and risk
PayPal and PayPal Companies
Service Providers
Other financial institutions
Merchants and Partners
Authorities
Buyers or in connection with business transfer
Characteristics of Protected Classifications
Provide our Services
Manage risk
PayPal and PayPal Companies
Service Providers
Authorities
Information from your device
Provide Services
Manage and improve our Services
Manage fraud and risk
Communicate with you
Link an account
Market our Services
Personalize your experience
Comply with laws
PayPal and PayPal Companies
Service Providers
Other financial institutions
Merchants and Partners
Authorities
US Consumer Privacy Notice
The following Consumer Privacy Notice applies to you if you are an individual who resides in the United States and uses PayPal Services for your own personal, family, or household purposes.
This Consumer Privacy Notice does not apply to Unbranded Payment Services.
Rev. November 2024
FACTS
WHAT DOES PAYPAL DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
Social Security number and account balances
Payment history or transaction history
Credit history or credit scores
When you are
no longer
our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
How?
All financial companies need to share customers’ personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers’ personal information; the reasons PayPal chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does PayPal share?
Can you limit this sharing?
For our everyday business purposes –
such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
For our marketing purposes –
to offer our products and services to you
Yes
No
For joint marketing with other financial companies
Yes
No
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes –
information about your transactions and experiences
Yes
No
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes –
information about your creditworthiness
No
We don’t share
For our affiliates to market to you
No
We don’t share
For nonaffiliates to market to you
Yes for PayPal accounts Only
No for all other GLBA covered products and services (including Fastlane)
Yes for PayPal accounts Only. We don’t share for all other GLBA covered products and services (including Fastlane)
Questions?
Call our customer service at 1-888-221-1161or visit us at
/smarthelp/contact-us/privacy
.
To limit our sharing
To limit our sharing
You may limit our sharing by logging into you PayPal account and editing your preferences in the Data and Privacy setting.
Please note:
If you are an existing PayPal customer who had a PayPal account before November 27, 2024, we only share personal information collected after November 27, 2024, unless you opt-out. We may share information from earlier in your account, which allows for even better personalization, if you affirmatively consent by editing your preferences in your Data and Privacy settings.
If you are a customer who opened a PayPal account after November 27, 2024, we can begin sharing information associated with your account. When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
Who we are
Who is providing this Privacy
Statement
?
This privacy notice is provided by PayPal, Inc. and is applicable to your personal U.S. PayPal and Xoom accounts, and Fastlane profile.
What we do
How does PayPal protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.
How does PayPal collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you
open an account or provide account information
use your credit or debit card or give us your contact information
use your PayPal and/or Xoom account to send or receive funds
We also collect your personal information from others, such as credit bureaus, affiliates, or other companies.
Why can’t I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only
sharing for affiliates’ everyday business purposes — information about your creditworthiness
affiliates from using your information to market to you
sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing. See below for more information on your rights under state law.
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
Our affiliates include Bill Me Later, Inc.
Nonaffiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
Nonaffiliates with which we share personal information include service providers that perform services or functions on our behalf.
Joint Marketing
A formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.
Our joint marketing partners include financial companies and banks.
Other important information
We may transfer Personal Information to other countries, for example, for customer service or to process transactions.
California:
The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA) permits consumers who are California residents to ask businesses covered under the CCPA about Personal Information it has collected about the consumer, submit an access or deletion request, and opt-out of the sale of Personal Information, if applicable. These provisions do not apply to personal information collected, processed, shared, or disclosed by financial institutions pursuant to federal law such as the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act. Please see our
California, North Dakota, and Vermont Supplemental Financial Privacy Notice
for more information. Contact us if you have questions about our privacy statement, this consumer notice, or your Personal Information. If your PayPal or Xoom account or Fastlane profile has a California mailing address, we will not share Personal Information we collect about you except to the extent permitted under California law.
To talk about your PayPal account, call PayPal Customer Service at 1-888-221-1161 or visit our
Customer Service web portal
. To talk about your Xoom account, call Xoom Customer Service at 1-877-815-1531 or visit our
Help Center web portal
. To talk about your Fastlane profile, call PayPal Customer Service at 1-844-705-3555 or visit your
Fastlane profile management portal
.
Vermont
: If your PayPal or Xoom account or Fastlane profile has a Vermont mailing address, We will not disclose information about your creditworthiness to our affiliates and will not disclose your personal information, financial information, credit report, or health information to nonaffiliated third parties to market to you, other than as permitted by Vermont law, unless you authorize us to make those disclosures. Additional information concerning our privacy policies can be found at
Customer Service web portal
or call 1-888-221-1161
Nevada
: If your PayPal or Xoom account or Fastlane profile has a Nevada mailing address, we are providing this notice pursuant to Nevada law. If you prefer not to receive marketing calls from PayPal, you may be placed on our internal Do Not Call List by calling 1-888-221-1161 or going to
/smarthelp/home
. For more information, you can contact PayPal at 12312 Port Grace Blvd, La Vista, NE 68128 or you can contact the Bureau of Consumer Protection, Office of the Nevada Attorney General, 555 E. Washington St., Suite 3900, Las Vegas, NV 89101; telephone number: 1-702-486-3132; email: Aginfo@ag.nv.gov
Sub-policy 7
https://www.bambora.com/EN/CA/privacy-policy:
Driver du eget företag? Enkelt!
Med våra betallösningar.
Köp DX8000 för 99 kr/mån
Köp Move5000 för 49 kr/mån
Ta emot betalningar överallt – Enkelt och Säkert, både i Butiken och Online.
Betallösningar för din butik
Betallösning för din butik, restaurang och andra brancher.  Betalterminal och inlösenavtal. Allt i ett packet.
Läs mer om våra butikslösningar
Betallösningar för Online
Betallösningar för små och medel stora e-handlare. Erbjud dina kunder en snabb och enkel betalningsupplevelse.
Läs mer om våra online lösningar
Några av våra kunder
För din bransch
Detaljhandel
Våra betalningslösningar hjälper handlare, både online och i butik, att hålla sig i framkant inom en bransch i snabb förändring.
Läs mer
Flyg & Resa
Med över 25 års erfarenhet som inlösare för flyg- och resebranschen vet vi vad som krävs för att få dina betalningar att lyfta.
Läs mer
Lösningar för tjänsteföretag med Worldline
Tjänsteföretag säljer upplevelser och med Worldline blir betalningen en friktionsfri och naturlig del av den upplevelsen. Oavsett vad du säljer.
Läs mer
Taxi
Som Nordens största leverantör av betalningslösningar för taxi, förstår vi på Worldline branschens betalningsutmaningar bättre än någon annan.
Läs mer
Restaurang & Bar
Ett restaurangbesök ska vara en upplevelse för alla sinnen, vi hjälper vi dig med en betallösning som bevarar upplevelsen även när det är dags att betala.
Läs mer
Anledningar till att välja Worldline
Worldline erbjuder ett brett utbud av produkter och tjänster som hjälper dig att växa ditt företag och möta dina kunders behov. Med snabba, enkla och säkra betalningslösningar för alla affärsmodeller, oavsett om det är online eller i fysisk butik, erbjuder Worldline allt du behöver från en enda källa.
Den rätta lösningen för alla
Vi har den rätta lösningen för alla, från små återförsäljare till stora företag. Oavsett vilken bransch du är verksam i, kommer Worldline alltid att erbjuda den rätta lösningen för kontantlösa betalningar.
Unik kompetens inom vertikala marknader
Våra produkter och tjänster är designade för att möta dina unika behov och preferenser. Detta gör att vi kan skapa skräddarsydda lösningar utifrån dina behov.
Allt från en enda källa
Våra lösningar integreras i dina befintliga betalningsplattformar och kan enkelt anpassas för att passa alla dina specifika användningsområden.
De senaste säkerhets- och teknologiska standarderna
Vi erbjuder de mest avancerade produkterna och pålitlig teknologi kombinerat med de högsta säkerhetsstandarderna.
Innovatör inom betalningar
Från digitala valutor till nya betalningsmetoder och självtjänst, ligger vi i framkant när det gäller betalningstrender.
Omnichannel-partner för ditt val
Från butik till online, väx ditt företag över alla kanaler. Våra omnichannel-betalningslösningar ger en gyllene möjlighet att skapa sömlösa kundresor och förbättra varje upplevelse.
Uttag i lokal valuta
Ta emot alla utbetalningar i din lokala valuta.
För finansinstitutioner
Vi hjälper banker att skapa långsiktiga och hållbara kundrelationer genom att erbjuda nya tjänster och lösningar samt identifiera och utforska  nya intäktsmöjligheter. Som en framstående global PayTech-leverantör täcker vi alla delar av värdekedjan för betaltjänster.
Card Issuing
En komplett, innovativ och högst anpassningsbar lösning för kortutgivning som hanterar alla typer av kortprodukter: kreditkort, betalkort eller förbetalda kort, inklusive virtuella kort och digitala plånböcker. Lokala och globala regelverk följs och efterlevs . (På engelska)
Läs mer
Acquiring Solutions
Världsledande   tjänster och lösningar för hantering av inlösentransaktioner som täcker ett  brett spektrum av kort, bankomater samtprodukter och varumärken över alla betalkanaler och i en mängd olika valutor. (På engelska)
Läs mer
Account Payment Solutions
Branschledande helhetslösningar för betalningshantering för finansinstitutioner, inklusive clearing och avveckling, avancerad likviditetshantering samt  anslutningstjänster. (På engelska)
Läs mer
Open Banking Solutions
Utforska  våra Open Banking-lösningar och API-leverantörer. Omvandla finansiell data till mervärdestjänster genom  Open Banking PSD2. (På engelska)
Läs mer
Fyll i formuläret så kontaktar vi dig
Låt oss komma igång! Kontakta oss idag om du vill veta mer om vad vi kan göra för dig. Fyll i formuläret eller ring oss direkt på +4620708009
*
Namn*
*
Telefon*
*
E-post*
Läs mer
här
om hur vi behandlar dina personuppgifter
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google
Privacy Policy
and
Terms of Service
apply.
Skicka
Artiklar
5 tips för att öka försäljningen i din butik
Vad kostar din betallösning egentligen?
28 / 09 / 2021
Bambora är nu Worldline
Merchant Portal hjälper ditt företag
13 / 06 / 2024
Kassaregister | Upptäck moderna kassaregister från Worldline
06 / 06 / 2024
Kassasystem | Enkelt och användarvänligt kassasystem tillsammans med Worldline
Om Worldline
+
1
4
M
Kunder
1 4 Kunder
1
8
K+
Worldliners över hela världen
18  Worldliners över hela världen
1
7
0
Länder som erbjuder Worldlines lösningar
170  Länder som erbjuder Worldlines lösningar
#
4
Största betalleverantören i världen
4  Största betalleverantören i världen
Genom att klicka på "acceptera alla cookies" samtycker du till lagring av cookies på din enhet för att förbättra navigeringen på webbplatsen, analysera webbplatsens användning och bistå i våra marknadsföringsinsatser.
Cookiemeddelande
Avvisa alla
Acceptera alla cookies
Cookie-inställningar
Inställningscenter för integritet
När du besöker en webbplats kan den lagra eller hämta information i din webbläsare, främst i form av cookies. Den här informationen kan vara om dig, dina preferenser, eller din enhet och används mestadels för att webbplatsen ska fungerar som du förväntar dig. Informationen identifierar dig vanligtvis inte direkt, men den kan ge dig en mer personlig webbupplevelse. Eftersom vi respekterar din rätt till integritet, kan du välja att inte tillåta vissa typer av cookies. Klicka på de olika kategorierna för att läsa mer och ändra våra standardinställningar. Att blockera vissa typer av cookies kan dock påverka din upplevelse av webbplatsen och de tjänster som vi kan erbjuda.
Mer information
Tillåt alla
Hantera inställningar för samtycke
Riktade cookies
Dessa cookies ställs in på vår webbplats av våra annonseringspartners. De kan användas av dessa företag för att skapa en profil av dina intressen och visa dig relevanta annonser på andra webbplatser. De lagrar inte direkt personlig information, men är baserade på unikt identifierande av din webbläsare och internet-enhet. Om du inte tillåter dessa cookies kommer du att erfara mindre riktade annonser.
Funktionella cookies
Dessa cookies gör det möjligt för webbplatsen att tillhandahålla förbättrad funktionalitet och personlig anpassning. De kan fastställas av oss eller av tredjepartsleverantörer vars tjänster vi har lagt till på våra sidor. Om du inte tillåter dessa cookies kanske vissa eller alla av dessa tjänster inte fungerar som de ska.
Alltid aktiv
Dessa cookies är nödvändiga för att webbplatsen ska fungera och kan inte stängas av i våra system. De är vanligtvis bara inställda som svar på åtgärder som du gjort som utgör en begäran om tjänster, till exempel inställning av dina personliga preferenser, inloggning eller fyllning av formulär. Du kan ställa in din webbläsare för att blockera eller varna dig om dessa cookies, men vissa delar av webbplatsen fungerar inte då. Dessa cookies lagrar inte någon personligt identifierbar information.
Prestanda-cookies
Dessa cookies tillåter oss att räkna besök och trafikkällor så att vi kan mäta och förbättra prestandan på vår webbplats. De hjälper oss att veta vilka sidor som är mest och minst populära och se hur besökare flyttar runt på webbplatsen. All information som dessa cookies samlar är aggregerade och därför anonyma. Om du inte tillåter dessa cookies vet vi inte när du har besökt vår webbplats.
Back Button
Cookie-lista
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label