Why has this domain been suspended?
One of these reasons may apply:
This is a new domain registration and the registrant’s email address has not been verified yet.
This domain has been newly registered and the email address of the registrant has not been verified yet.
The email address of the domain registrant has been modified or changed but not verified yet.
Changing the email address of the domain registrant requires a verification.
The domain has recently been transferred and the domain registrant’s email address has not yet been verified at the new registrar.
ICANN registrars are required by policy to verify domain registrant’s email addresses, even after incoming transfers.
Someone has complained about the accuracy of the data provided for publication in the WHOIS, triggering a re-verification of the email address of the domain registrant but the address has not been verified yet.
Any reasonable complaint regarding whois accuracy triggers a requirement for the registrar to re-verify the email address.
If you are the owner of this domain, you can reactivate it.
Click the link provided in the verification email sent to you by your Registrar or direct service provider.
After registering, transferring or modifying the registrant contact data of your domain, you should have received the verification email. Please click the included link and your domain will be unsuspended within 30 minutes.
			Please make sure to check your spam folder if you cannot find that mail.
You can request to resend the verification email through your domain provider.
The verification mail will be sent to the registrant’s email address used for this domain. If you are the registrant of this domain and unsure which email address is used, please log into your account at your domain provider to view or modify registrant contact data information.
If you have the trigger code, enter it on
http://emailverification.info/
The trigger code to verify your registrant contact data is contained in the verification mail. However, your domain provider might provide the respective trigger code under certain conditions. This trigger code can be entered on
http://emailverification.info/
to verify your registrant contact data and remove the suspension on your domain.
Frequently Asked Questions
Why are domains with unverified registrant email addresses suspended?
To ensure the contactability of the registrant, ICANN policies requires registrars to verify registrant email addresses and contact information within 15 days after registration and incoming transfers. If registrant data is not verified in time, ICANN mandates registrars to suspend the corresponding website of the affected domain. You can find information about the relevant ICANN Policy at:
https://www.icann.org/resources/pages/non-response-2014-01-29-en
How can I prevent deactivation of my domain in the future?
This requires the completion of the verification process within 15 days of the verification mail being sent to you. Make sure the email address you provide works and you mailbox is reviewed regularly. Make sure to expect a verification mail when making an update to your data.
How can I reactivate my domain and remove the suspension?
This requires the completion of the verification process. You can resend the verification mail through your domain provider. Also, if desired, you can update your registrant contact information at your domain provider and afterwards you will receive a verification email.
How long does it take until my website comes back online after the suspension is removed?
After the verification has been successfully completed the suspension is removed within 30 minutes. Please keep in mind that populating new DNS servers might take a bit longer due to DNS caching.
I’m not the owner of this domain. What can I do?
If you are a visitor to this website, please try accessing this domain again later.