×
Final Hours
20% Off $150+ | 15% Off Sitewide
Frames, prints, and more to make your space feel new—and uniquely yours. Sale ends at midnight.
Use code
REFRESH
Copied
Explore Now
*
See promotional terms & conditions
here
Up to 20% Off Sitewide
Up to
20% Off Sitewide
Artifact Uprising Privacy Policy
Artifact Uprising LLC (“Artifact Uprising,” “we,” “us,” or “our”) is committed to addressing privacy issues and wants you to be familiar with how we collect, use and disclose your personal information. This Privacy Policy describes our practices in connection with Personal Information that we collect through websites operated by us from which you are accessing this Privacy Policy (the “Websites”), through the software applications made available by us for use on or through computers and mobile devices (the “Apps”), as well as through HTML-formatted email messages that we send to you that link to this Privacy Policy (collectively, including the Websites and the Apps, the “Services”). “You” or “your” refers to our customer or other visitor to or user of our Services as well as job applicants and others who contact us about employment opportunities at Artifact Uprising. By providing Personal Information to us, you acknowledge that you understand and agree to this Privacy Policy.
In accordance with our
Terms of Service
, You must be 13 years old or older to use our Services. You may use the Services if you are under 18 years old and at least 13 years old, but you must  have permission and direct supervision by a parent or guardian, or the owner of the account. Individuals under age 13 are not permitted to use the Services. You are responsible for any and all account activity conducted by individuals under 18 years old on your account.
Artifact Uprising LLC is responsible for the processing of your Personal Information under this Privacy Policy. Please direct any questions regarding the processing of your Personal Information as indicated below under Contacting Us.
1. PERSONAL INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT
“Personal Information” means any information relating to an identified or identifiable individual. We may collect the following categories and specific elements of information that, alone or in combination, may be Personal Information depending on applicable laws in your location:
Contact Information, such as: name, postal address (including billing and shipping addresses), telephone number, and email address.
Electronic Information, such as: IP address, cookie ID, hardware identifier for the device you used to access the Services, mobile identifiers, browser and device information, and Apps usage data.
Images, such as: photos you upload to the Service or otherwise provide to us in connection with your use of the services, including location data that may be embedded in the metadata of the images.
Social Media Information, such as: information you voluntarily provide in support or help interactions with us, such as social media URL, social media alias, and other social media profile data.
Other Identifying Information You Voluntarily Provide, such as: race, sex, gender, age, ethnicity, marital status, household characteristics, and
important dates (such as birthdays, wedding dates, and anniversary dates).
Commercial information, such as: purchase history and Services interests.
If you choose to apply for job openings through our Careers page or otherwise contact us regarding employment opportunities, we may collect the following:
Contact Information, such as: name, mailing address, phone number, and email address.
Employment Information, such as: prior employers and dates of employment.
Education Information, such as: education history, degrees earned, and institutions attended.
Job Qualification Information, such as: resume, CV, educational transcripts and any information contained in or with such documentation.
Work Eligibility Information, such as: country of residence, visa and immigration status, and citizenship.
Reference Information, such as: name and contact details of your references and information your references provide.
Compensation Information You Voluntarily Provide, such as: past compensation details and desired compensation details. Note that we do not request past compensation details and any such information at your election.
Social Media Information, such as: if you provide us a link to or other access to a social media account, we may collect or access any information you permit to be shared through or from your social media account and other information depending on the social media platform.
Background check information, subject to applicable law.
Sensitive Personal Information, such as: race, disability status, and nationality that you provide voluntarily or which we request on a non-mandatory basis in order to comply with applicable law.
In some instances, we may combine information above that is not identifiable with Personal Information. If we so combine information such that it is Personal Information, the combined Personal Information will be treated by us as Personal Information as long as it is so combined.
We may use a third-party payment service to process payments made through the Services. If you wish to make a payment through the Services, your Personal Information, including payment details, may additionally be collected by the third party, and not by us, and will be subject to such third party’s privacy policy and other terms, rather than this Privacy Policy or our Terms of Service. We have no control over, and are not responsible for, such third party’s collection, use, and disclosure of your Personal Information.
If you submit any Personal Information relating to other people to us or to our service providers, such as photographs of your family or friends or contact information of references provided in connection with a job application, you are responsible for providing any notices and obtaining any consents that may be necessary for us or our service providers to process such information, and you represent that you have the authority to do so and to permit us and our service providers to use such information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
2. SOURCES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may collect or source Personal Information as follows and from the below categories of sources of Personal Information:
FROM YOU THROUGH THE SERVICES:
We may collect Personal Information directly or indirectly from you through the Services, e.g., when you sign up for a newsletter, create an account, make a purchase, use our Website or Apps, contact us through our support channels, communicate with us through social media platforms, or interact with us at in-person at events or over the phone. Some information may be collected using cookies or other similar technologies. Please review the section below “Cookies And Other Technologies” for further information.
FROM THIRD-PARTY SOURCES:
We may receive your Personal Information from third-party sources, such as public databases; joint marketing partners; marketing service and data providers; photo storage and processing platforms; social media platforms (for example if you permit information to be shared from or accessed through your social media account); from people with whom you are friends or otherwise connected on social media platforms, as well as from other third parties. For example, if you elect to connect your social media account to your Services account, certain Personal Information from your social media account will be shared with us, which may include Personal Information that is part of your profile or your friends’ profiles on that social media platform (or another linked service). Connecting the Services to social media platforms is optional, and your use of such social media platforms is subject to those platforms’ policies and terms.
3. HOW WE MAY USE PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may use Personal Information for the following business and other purposes:
To respond to your inquiries.
To send administrative information to you, for example, information regarding the Services and changes to our terms, conditions, and policies.
To complete and fulfill your orders, for example, to process your payments, deliver your order to you, communicate with you regarding your order and provide you with related customer service and support.
To send you marketing communications that we believe may be of interest to you and otherwise for our marketing, advertising and promotion activities related to our Services, including via SMS text messages or phone calls to the mobile phone number you provided (with your consent where required by applicable law).
To operate, maintain, secure, and protect our Services.
To personalize your experience on the Services by presenting products and offers tailored to you.
To enable your participation in sweepstakes, contests and similar promotions and to administer these activities. Some of these activities have additional rules or terms, which may contain additional information about how we use and disclose your Personal Information.
To facilitate social media platform sharing functionality.
To enable you to send messages to others through the Services. By using this functionality, you are responsible for providing any notices and obtaining any consents that may be necessary for us or our service providers to process the name, email address, or other information necessary to process the message communications, and you represent that you have the authority to do so and to permit us and our service providers to use such information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
For our business purposes, such as data analysis, audits, fraud monitoring and prevention, developing new products, enhancing, improving or modifying our Services, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and operating and expanding our business activities.
To process your job application(s) or otherwise respond to you regarding employment inquiries.
To engage in other legitimate purposes as required or permitted by applicable law.
To comply with applicable laws and regulations.
4. HOW WE MAY SHARE INFORMATION
Your Personal Information may be disclosed:
To any affiliates and subsidiaries for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
To our third-party service providers and partners who provide services such as website hosting, data analysis, payment processing, order fulfillment, information technology and related infrastructure services, customer service, email delivery and other advertising and marketing services, auditing, provision of content (including photos) for use with the Service with your consent, and other similar services. Payment processing service providers process payment card data and other related information. Artifact Uprising does not store your payment card data in the context of processing your purchases. Data obtained through the SMS short code program will not be shared with any third-parties for their marketing reasons/purposes.
To third-party sponsors of sweepstakes, contests and similar promotions.
To identify you to anyone to whom you send messages through the Services.
To otherwise share your Personal Information with your consent or pursuant to your instructions.
To a third party in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings).
To a competent authority in response to a request for information if we believe disclosure is in accordance with, or is otherwise required by, any applicable law, regulation or legal process, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
To law enforcement officials, government authorities or other third parties as necessary to protect our or your rights, property or safety, or that of our business partners, or as otherwise required by applicable law, for example to investigate fraud.
In an aggregated and de-identified or anonymized form.
For other legitimate purposes permitted by applicable law.
When third parties are given access to your Personal Information, we will take appropriate contractual, technical and organizational measures designed to ensure that your Personal Information is processed only to the extent that such processing is necessary, consistent with this Privacy Policy, and in accordance with applicable law. The categories of Personal Information that may be disclosed to third parties for a business purpose in accordance with the above are set forth in Section 1.
5. COOKIES AND OTHER TECHNOLOGIES
Cookies are randomly-generated alphanumeric pieces of information that a website transfers to your computer used to browse a website. Cookies allow us to collect information such as browser type, time spent on the Services, pages visited, language preferences, and other internet traffic data. Similar technologies may be used instead of or in conjunction with cookies, such as web beacons, which are small, non-recognizable pictures downloaded to your computer when a specific website is loaded.
We use information from cookies and similar technologies for the following purposes:
To help maintain the security of our Services.
To facilitate navigation, display information more effectively, and to personalize your experience while using the Services, including recognizing you as a unique visitor (with a random alphanumeric identifier).
To conduct Website analytics to understand how users use our Websites and improve the Websites and our Services.
To assist your use of the Services.
To help us resolve questions and other inquiries regarding the Services.
To allow us to tailor content or advertisements to match your preferred interests.
To avoid showing you the same advertisements repeatedly.
To support sales and marketing activities such as campaign analytics and provide direct marketing communications to you if you have consented to receive such communications, where applicable.
TYPES OF COOKIES
Required Cookies
:
Required cookies are necessary for the operation, maintenance, and/or security of our Services.
Functionality Cookies
:
These cookies collect information about how visitors use our Services, such as which pages visitors go to most often and if they receive error messages from web pages. As set forth above, we may use third parties to help us understand how visitors engage with our Services. This means that when you engage with our Services, your browser automatically sends certain information to these third parties. This includes, for example, the web address of the page you’re visiting and your IP address. These cookies additionally remember choices you make (such as your language or the region you are in) and provide enhanced or more personal features. These cookies can also be used to remember changes you have made to text size, fonts and other parts of web pages you can customize.
Targeting and Advertising Cookies
:
These cookies are used to deliver advertising more relevant to you and your interests. They are also used to limit the number of times you see a certain advertisement as well as help measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaigns. They may be placed by third-party advertising networks with our permission. They remember that you have visited a website and may share this information with other organizations such as advertisers.
Two types of cookies may be used on our Websites: session cookies (which are temporary cookies that remain in the cookie file of your browser until you leave the site) and persistent cookies (which remain in the cookie file of your browser for longer, though the time period will depend on the lifetime of the specific cookie or until you delete your cookies).
DISABLING AND ENABLING COOKIES
You can use your browser or device settings to review and erase or delete cookies at any time. Note that by disabling certain categories of cookies you may be prevented from accessing some features of our Services, certain content or functionality may not be available, or the Services may not operate correctly.
Depending on your location, you may also opt out of third-party cookies relating to behavioral advertising by visiting the following websites:
European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA):
www.youronlinechoices.eu
and
www.edaa.eu
Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA):
www.aboutads.info/choices/
Network Advertising Initiative (NAI):
optout.networkadvertising.org
Opting out does not mean you will no longer receive online advertising. It does mean that the company or companies from which you opted out will no longer deliver ads tailored to your browsing preferences and usage patterns. You may temporarily continue to see some tailored ads produced from ongoing advertising campaigns.
The above opt-out tools rely on the use of cookies, and to the extent your browser settings impact use of third-party cookies, the above tools may not operate correctly. The above tools also apply only to the browser on which they are exercised. If you want to apply these tools to multiple devices or multiple browsers, you must exercise these tools on each browser and/or device.
DO NOT TRACK
There are different ways to prevent tracking of online activities. Some web browsers may allow you to enable a do-not-track feature that alerts the websites you visit that you do not want your online activities to be tracked. Our Websites may not recognize or react in response to do-not-track signals. At present, no generally accepted standards exist on how companies must respond to do-not-track signals. In the event a final standard is established, we will assess and provide an appropriate response to these signals.
GOOGLE ANALYTICS AND OTHER GOOGLE SERVICES
We use Google Analytics to understand how users use our Services. To learn more about Google Analytics and its practices, please visit the
Google Analytics web page
or the Google Analytics
“Safeguarding your data” web page
. To learn about adjusting your Google Analytics cookie settings, please visit the
Google Analytics browser privacy settings website
.
We use third-party advertising platforms, such as Google Display Network Impression Reporting, Google AdWords, and Google Analytics, to analyze users’ interactions with our ads, to advertise online, and to conduct remarketing.  These services allow third-party vendors, including Google, to display our ads on third-party sites across the Internet.  We and our third-party vendors, including Google, use first-party cookies (such as Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as Google advertising cookies) together to inform, optimize, and serve ads based on past visits to and activity on our Site and interactions with our ad impressions and ad services.  You can learn about Google’s practices and exercise additional opt-out choices offered by Google by visiting
www.google.com/settings/ads
.
6. THIRD PARTY SERVICES
This Privacy Policy does not address, and we are not responsible for, the privacy, information, security, data protection, or other practices of any third parties, including any third party operating any site or service to which the Services link. The inclusion of a link on the Services does not imply endorsement of the linked site or service by us or by our affiliates. We are not responsible for the collection, usage and disclosure policies and practices (including the data security practices) of other organizations, including social media platforms, such as Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, Apple, Google, Microsoft, or any other application developer, application provider, social media platform provider, operating system provider, wireless service provider or device manufacturer, including any Personal Information you disclose to other organizations through or in connection with the Apps or our informational web pages available on social media platforms.
7. SECURITY
We implement appropriate physical, technical and administrative measures designed to protect your Personal Information that we maintain within our organization
against accidental or unlawful destruction or accidental loss, damage, alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access, as well as all other forms of unlawful processing. Unfortunately, no data transmission or storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure (for example, if you feel that the security of any account you might have with us has been compromised), please immediately notify us of the problem by contacting us in accordance with the “Contacting Us” section below.
If we learn of and confirm the occurrence of a security incident leading to the misappropriation or accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of, or access to, your personal information transmitted, stored or otherwise processed on our systems that compromises the confidentiality, integrity or availability of your Personal Information, we may attempt to notify you electronically by posting a notice on our Services or by sending you an email or otherwise in accordance with applicable law.
8. YOUR CHOICES
If you no longer want to receive marketing-related emails from us on a going-forward basis, you may opt-out of receiving these marketing-related emails by 1) logging into your account and changing your profile settings or 2) clicking on the “unsubscribe” link provided in any such communication. Please also note that if you opt-out of receiving marketing-related emails from us, we may still send you important administrative messages.
If you have an account with us, you may review and update some of your personal information online at
https://www.artifactuprising.com/customer/account/
or, if this web page is not available, by contacting us directly at
help@artifactuprising.com
with sufficient detail in order for us to verify and evaluate your request.
For digital cert validation, please contact
infra@artifactuprising.com
.
If you no longer wish to receive marketing related SMS text messages, you may opt-out of SMS text messages as described in the text message (which may be by replying with STOP to the message you received).
You may request deletion of your personal information by contacting us and providing the required verification information and other details we need in order to handle the request appropriately. We may, to the extent permitted under applicable laws, retain and continue to process personal information in accordance with certain exceptions. To request deletion of your personal information, please complete the
Privacy and Data Protection Request Form
.
We will try to comply with your request(s) as soon as reasonably practicable and in accordance with applicable law.
Please see additional information in our European Privacy Notice Supplement and California Privacy Notice Supplement, as applicable to you.
9. CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
If you are a California resident, please review our
California Privacy Notice Supplement
.
10. EUROPEAN UNION USERS
If you are located in the European Union, please review our
European Privacy Notice Supplement
.
11. RETENTION PERIOD
We will retain your Personal Information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by applicable law. If you request that we close your account, we will close your account and delete some of your personal information within 45 days. We do not use and do not retain location data that may be embedded in the metadata of images you upload through the Services.
12. USE OF SERVICES BY MINORS
The Services are not directed to individuals under the age of thirteen (13), and we request that these individuals do not provide Personal Information through the Services. If you believe that we have mistakenly or unintentionally collected personal information of a minor through our sites without appropriate consent, please notify us through our inquiry form so that we may immediately delete the information from our servers and make any other necessary corrections. Please see our
Terms of Service
for more information on use of our Service by individuals under 13.
13. CROSS-BORDER TRANSFER
The Services are controlled and operated by us from the United States. Your Personal Information may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities or in which we engage service providers, and by using the Services you consent to the transfer of information to countries outside of your country of residence, including the United States, which may have different data privacy and data protection rules than those of your country. To the extent Personal Information is transferred to a recipient in a country that does not provide an adequate level of protection for Personal Information, we will take measures designed to adequately protect your Personal Information in accordance with applicable law.
14. SENSITIVE INFORMATION
Do not send us, directly or indirectly, any sensitive or special categories of Personal Information (e.g., social security numbers or other national identifiers, information related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religion or other beliefs, health, biometrics or genetic characteristics, criminal background or trade union membership) on or through the Services or otherwise. We do not require and do not request any sensitive or special categories of Personal Information in connection with our provision of the Services. Any such information that may be implied or apparent from images you provide to us through the Services are incidental to our provision of the Service and are only used to fulfill orders you place through the Services. We do not as a matter of course monitor any content you upload through the Websites or Services. Please review our
Terms of Service
for details regarding User Content.
15. UPDATES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time.
If we believe that the changes are material, we will notify you by an appropriate means. The most current version of this Privacy Policy is located on
this web page
.
16. CONTACTING US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us by email at help@artifactuprising.com.
Updated May, 2022
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout:
You need a JavaScript-capable browser to download this software.
Click here for instructions
on how to enable JavaScript in your browser.
Select a language
‫العربية‬
‪Deutsch‬
‪English‬
‪English (UK)‬
‪español‬
‪français‬
‪italiano‬
‪日本語‬
‪한국어‬
‪Nederlands‬
‪polski‬
‪português (Brasil)‬
‪русский‬
‪ไทย‬
‪Türkçe‬
‪简体中文‬
‪繁體中文 (台灣)‬
Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on
To provide website visitors with the ability to prevent their data from being used by Google Analytics, we've developed the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on for websites using the supported version of Google Analytics JavaScript (analytics.js, gtag.js).
If you want to opt out, download and install the add-on for your web browser. The Google Analytics opt-out add-on is designed to be compatible with Chrome, Safari, Firefox and Microsoft Edge. In order to function, the opt-out add-on must be able to load and execute properly on your browser. Learn more about the opt-out and how to properly install the browser add-on
here
.
Get Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on
Available for Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox, Apple Safari and Microsoft Edge.
Learn more about Google Analytics Privacy »
©2025 Google   -
Privacy Policy
-
Help
Sub-policy 1
https://help.artifactuprising.com/hc/en-us/requests/new?ticket_form_id=360000706511:
help.artifactuprising.com
Verifying you are human. This may take a few seconds.
help.artifactuprising.com needs to review the security of your connection before proceeding.
Verification successful
Waiting for help.artifactuprising.com to respond...
Enable JavaScript and cookies to continue
Sub-policy 2
https://www.artifactuprising.com/terms/california-privacy-supplement:
×
Final Hours
20% Off $150+ | 15% Off Sitewide
Frames, prints, and more to make your space feel new—and uniquely yours. Sale ends at midnight.
Use code
REFRESH
Copied
Explore Now
*
See promotional terms & conditions
here
Up to 20% Off Sitewide
Up to
20% Off Sitewide
California Privacy Notice Supplement
This California Privacy Notice Supplement provides additional information about Artifact Uprising’s personal information practices specific to California residents.
“
Shine the Light
”
Law
In accordance with the California Shine the Light law, California residents may request certain information regarding our disclosure (if any) of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. Other than to third party recipients as set forth in Section 4 of our
Privacy Policy
(“How We May Share Information”), or unless you request us to or consent to it, we do not share your personal information with third parties for their own direct marketing purposes. For any questions on these practices, please see Section 14, “Contacting Us,” in our
Privacy Policy
.
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)
In accordance with the CCPA, below is additional information regarding rights you may have and information you may be entitled to receive as a California resident, such as the information we collect, use, disclose, or sell.
Right of Access (CCPA)
:
Certain California residents may have the right to disclosure of information about our collection, sale or disclosure for a business purpose of their personal information, including, to the extent applicable, the following:
The categories of personal information we have collected about the consumer.
The categories of sources from which such personal information has been collected.
The categories of third parties with whom we have shared such personal information.
The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling such personal information.
The categories of such consumer’s personal information we have sold or disclosed for a business purpose, by category for each category of third parties to whom the personal information was sold or disclosed, or we will state that we have not sold or disclosed for a business purpose such consumer’s personal information.
The specific pieces of personal information we have collected about the consumer.
Much of this information is contained in our
Privacy Policy
. To the extent you would like to request access to the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you, or if you would like any other additional information, please see the below instructions under CCPA Privacy Requests, and to the extent required by law (or in our discretion if not required by law) and as permitted by our contracts, confidentiality obligations and applicable laws and regulations, we will evaluate and respond to your request. We may not be able to provide all of the information requested due to certain exceptions enumerated in the CCPA or other applicable laws.
Right to Opt Out Of Future Data Sale
:
Certain California residents may also have the right to opt out of the sale of their personal information by contacting us and providing the verification information and other details we need in order to process the request appropriately. We do not currently as a matter of course sell personal information as “sell” is defined in the CCPA. If you believe we are selling your personal information, please contact us as set forth below.
Right to Deletion
:
Certain California residents have the right to request deletion of their personal information by contacting us and providing the required verification information and other details we need in order to handle the request appropriately. We may, to the extent permitted under the CCPA and other applicable laws, retain and continue to process personal information in accordance with certain exceptions.
Non-Discrimination:
California residents have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment for exercising any of the privacy rights conferred by the CCPA, except as permitted under the CCPA. If you believe you have received discriminatory treatment for exercising your CCPA privacy rights, please contact us as set forth below.
CCPA Privacy Requests:
To obtain information or assistance regarding a CCPA Privacy Request, please see the below instructions:
Please review our
Privacy Policy
to determine whether it provides the information you would like to request.
For requests to access, if you have an account or accounts with us, please visit your account page at
https://www.artifactuprising.com/customer/account/
to review specific pieces of personal information we may store about you. If you are unable to access your personal information, please complete the
Privacy and Data Protection Request Form
.
For requests to opt out of future sale of information, requests to delete, if you believe you have received discriminatory treatment for exercising your CCPA privacy rights, or if you have any other questions related to the CCPA and our processing of your personal information, please complete the
Privacy and Data Protection Request Form
.
If you are unable to complete the Privacy and Data Protection Request Form online, you may print a copy of the Form, complete it based on the options provided in the online Form, and mail the completed Form to
Artifact Uprising
Attn: Data Privacy Requests
4045 Pecos St.
Suite 250
Denver, CO 80211
We may need to verify your identity prior to evaluating your request, and if we do not have sufficient information about you to verify your identity, for example, if the only information we have about you is an email address used to send you marketing communications, we may not be able to identify you and will be unable to process your request. We will attempt to verify your identity by, for example, confirming up to three pieces of information you provide in connection with your request match the information we possess about you. If you submit a request on behalf of another consumer, you must submit reasonably sufficient documentation signed by the consumer subject to the request authorizing you to submit a request on their behalf.
Sub-policy 3
https://www.artifactuprising.com/terms/european-privacy-supplement:
×
Final Hours
20% Off $150+ | 15% Off Sitewide
Frames, prints, and more to make your space feel new—and uniquely yours. Sale ends at midnight.
Use code
REFRESH
Copied
Explore Now
*
See promotional terms & conditions
here
Up to 20% Off Sitewide
Up to
20% Off Sitewide
European Privacy Notice Supplement
This European Privacy Notice Supplement provides additional information about Artifact Uprising’s personal information practices specific to consumers located in the European Union.
Personal information collected on or about consumers located in the European Union is collected on the following legal bases of processing:
Necessary for Performance of a Contract: If we or our affiliates have entered into a contract with you, partners, suppliers or other third parties, we may need to process your personal information.
Consent: Where you have provided your consent for us to engage in marketing activities with you or otherwise process your data, we may need to process your personal information.
Legitimate Interest: We may need to process your personal information where we have a legitimate interest in doing so, such as (1) to communicate with you in response to your requests, questions, inquiries and submissions; (2) to conduct advertising, marketing and promotional activities in connection with operating our business; (3) for research and development, security and optimization of our Services; and (4) preventing fraud.
Comply with Legal Obligations: Where we are required to comply with laws or legal obligations, such as to comply with a subpoena or other legal process, or to process an opt-out request.
Consumers located in the European Union may have certain rights related to the processing of their personal information in our possession or for which we are otherwise responsible, as set forth below:
Access: You may request to receive a copy of your personal information in machine-readable form.
Delete: You may request we delete some personal information, subject to certain exceptions.
Correct or Rectify: You may correct or change some personal information we store about you; in particular, to correct inaccurate information.
Object to or Restrict Processing: You may object to our processing of some of your personal information or restrict or limit our use of some of your personal information.
Transfer: You may request, to the extent feasible, the transfer of your personal information to another data controller.
Consent Withdrawal: You may withdraw consents you previously granted to us.
Automated Decision-Making: You have the right not to be subject to automated decision-making, including profiling, which produces legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affects you, with certain exceptions. We do not generally engage in such automated decision-making as part of our Services, and if we do, we comply with applicable legal requirements in connection with such data processing.
Certain other details regarding the processing of personal information that consumers located in the European Union may be entitled to receive are contained in other provisions of the
Privacy Policy
.
To obtain information or assistance regarding a GDPR Privacy Request, please see the below instructions:
Please review our
Privacy Policy
to determine whether it provides the information you would like to request.
For requests to access or requests to update, if you have an account or accounts with us, please visit your account page at
https://www.artifactuprising.com/customer/account/
to review any personal information we may store about you or to update your personal information. If you are unable to access or update your personal information, please complete the
Privacy and Data Protection Request Form
.
For other requests, such as requests to delete, requests to restrict or object to processing, requests to transfer information to another data controller, or if you have any other questions related to the GDPR and our processing of your personal information, please complete the
Privacy and Data Protection Request Form
.
We may need to verify your identity prior to evaluating your request, and if we do not have sufficient information about you to verify your identity, we may not be able to identify you and will be unable to process your request. If you submit a request on behalf of another consumer, we may require that you submit reasonably sufficient documentation signed by the consumer subject to the request authorizing you to submit a request on their behalf.
To the extent personal information is transferred to a recipient in a country that does not provide an adequate level of protection for personal information, we will take measures designed to adequately protect your personal information in accordance with applicable law, such as ensuring that such transfers are subject to the terms of the EU Model Clauses.