MySchneider app Privacy Notice
1. Who is in charge of data processing?
The processing of personal information is carried out Schneider Electric Industries SAS, having its registered office at 35 rue Joseph Monier, 92500 Rueil-Malmaison, France ; and its affiliates (“we”) as data controllers.
As a global company, we commit to ensure an adequate level of protection for personal information in compliance with applicable laws. We have adopted internal policies which impose common rules for the collection, use and disclosure of personal information by all entities globally. To know more, please read our
Global Data Privacy Policy
or your related local data privacy policy.
2. What types of personal information do we process?
Contact information: email, first, and last name and country
Professional information: Professional Profile and specialization according to the choice the user does among a list of categories defined by Schneider Electric.
Technical information: device information, geolocation
Like any system, connections are logged for security purposes.
User behavior, usage data
3. Why do we collect and use personal information?
We use information for the purpose of delivering services, interacting with users (e.g: push notification), managing customer relationships, ensuring security and compliance with contract and terms of use, and analyzing use of services to improve them. Below is an elaboration of these purposes, followed by the legal basis for processing this data
Purposes of Data Usage:
To fulfil services linked to product ordering and digital content. We collect this information to deliver your order, to provide the functionalities of our applications, to communicate with     you about the status of your order and for contract management purposes;
To better address future requests for information and support. We keep record of exchanges including personal information to provide an optimized service on contacting us for support;
For relationship management purposes which includes communicating about the products, services and digital content including email communications and messaging;
To conduct surveys and polls. We may collect personal information to complete surveys and contact you for follow-up. We use this information to measure satisfaction, get to know our customers better and improve products, services and digital content;
To improve our products, services and digital content; for instance, we analyze the use of our applications and websites in order to identify areas and functionalities where users have difficulties, and we improve them;
To understand your browsing and searching activity. We collect navigation information when you visit our digital content or click on links for products and services. We collect this information to improve user experience for next visits (e.g., country selection or profile-focused content), help our application run more efficiently, to gather broad demographic information to analyze the application activity and performance, and to evaluate the relevance and effectiveness of our advertising to better serve our customers. We may use cookies and other identifiers or similar technologies (referred to hereinafter as "Cookies") to obtain information on the referring application, type of mobile used, the content viewed, as well as the date and time of access to the digital content. You may read our Cookie Notice for more information on our use of Cookies and your options for managing Cookies;
To manage user digital accounts. We collect personal information at registration on our digital platforms (e.g. partner portal, ordering platform, mobile apps) to authenticate you, manage credentials to enable you to navigate through several digital platforms without having to re-authenticate (cf. single sign-on) and to interact with you;
To run promotional programs and activities: we collect personal information when you join a promotional or reward program or activity. We use this information to administer the program or activity, to send relevant e-mails about the program and activity, notify winners, and make the winners' list publicly available in accordance with applicable regulations and laws;
To send you marketing information by mail, fax, phone, text messages, email and electronic communications about promotions, news and new products or services that we think may be of interest to you in compliance with applicable opt-in and opt-out requirements. This can be conducted by Schneider Electric, its subsidiaries or selected third parties acting on our behalf;
To provide you with certain communications and/or targeted information about our products and services (or of our subsidiaries) through pop-ups, banners, videos, emails, and any other advertising format. For instance, we may provide you with contextual advertising or other content, based on browsing information. We may also use location data to inform you about local promotions and activities. Please read our
Cookie Notice
for more information on the use of Cookies and your options for managing them;
To combine information obtained online from different digital platforms and the information we collected about you offline to create a profile of you that we may use for giving you personalized services. For example, a user that we believe is an electrician (due notably to information provided at the time of registration and other information obtained from third-party sources), may see profile related advertising and/or on third-party websites and apps that a user with another energy-related specialty would not see. Similarly, users may see different content or receive different emails containing different advertisements or surveys. We may also use Cookies to geographically target users.
To ensure the security of our products, services, and digital content, of our activities and of others, for the protection against fraud and the compliance with our terms and conditions and this Privacy Policy. We may also investigate potential breaches;
To enable or administer our business, such as for quality control and consolidated reporting;
To support corporate transactions or reorganizations in which Schneider Electric is involved;
For business continuity and disaster recovery;
To comply with legal obligations to which we are subject. For example, accounting and tax obligations;
Any other purpose otherwise conveyed to you
Legal Basis for Data Processing:
The processing of your personal information by Schneider Electric is governed by specific legal bases, corresponding to the various purposes outlined above:
-
Legitimate Interest:
For general and essential operations and service provision, such as order fulfillment, relationship management, product improvement, and security measures, we process your data based on our legitimate interest. This approach ensures that our processing is necessary and balanced against your rights and interests.
-
Explicit Consent:
For more personalized activities, including customized user experiences, targeted marketing, and certain types of communication (e.g., email marketing and location-based services), we rely on your explicit consent. This ensures that such processing is done with your full awareness and agreement. You have the flexibility to withdraw your consent at any moment.
-
Compliance with Legal Obligations:
We also process information in compliance with our legal obligations, such as those related to accounting, taxation, and compliance with law enforcement requests.
-
Contractual fulfillment:
certain processing activities, especially those directly related to providing the requested services, are carried out to fulfill our contractual obligations to you.
We do not make decisions based solely on automated processing which may produce legal effects or similarly affect you.
4. How long do we keep your personal information?
We keep information as needed to perform the purposes described above, taking into consideration the need to provide the services, security requirements, legal requirements and statute of limitations.
Marketing Data:
For personal information used in marketing activities, where you have provided explicit consent, we retain the data to facilitate ongoing marketing communications and initiatives. This data is kept for three years after the end of our relationship or since the last interaction with us.
5. Who do we share personal information with and where is it processed?
We do not sell your personal information.
Personal information will be processed by our affiliates and suppliers involved in the provision of the services and in the performance of the purposes. Their activities include for example hosting and maintenance, performance monitoring, analytics for marketing purposes and security. As we are a global company, teams and suppliers may have global or multi-country roles, and they can be located anywhere in the world, in countries with different privacy standards than the country of our customers. We take measures to ensure that personal information receives an adequate level of protection. We have internal policies applied by our affiliates and we conclude relevant contracts with our suppliers to ensure appropriate safeguards. Our group has adopted Binding Corporate Rules (BCR). In addition, we conclude Standard Contractual Clauses and rely on EU Commission’s adequacy decisions. To obtain more details and copies of safeguards put into place, you may contact
global-data-privacy@schneider-electric.com
.
We may also share your information, as necessary:
-    with competent authorities, based on a good faith belief that disclosure is necessary to respond to a judicial process, a valid official inquiry, or if otherwise required by law;
-    to defend our legal rights, or to protect the rights or safety of any person or entity;
-    as instructed by you, our customer or the user;
-    with third parties in the context of reorganization of operations.
6. How do we secure personal information?
We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. We maintain appropriate administrative, technical and physical safeguards to protect information against accidental or unlawful destruction, accidental loss and unauthorized alteration.
Please note that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee absolute security.
7. How to exercise your choices and rights about your personal information?
In order to exercise the data protection rights granted under applicable data protection law, such as the rights to be informed, to access, to rectify, to withdraw consent, to request restriction or erasure, the right to object and data portability if applicable, you may make a request at the contact details available within the application or at
mailto:global-data-privacy@schneider-electric.com
. To ensure the security of your personal information, we may ask you to provide other details to verify your identity.
8. How to contact us?
You may address questions or comments about our privacy practices or this privacy notice to our Group Data Protection Officer (Group DPO):
DPO@schneider-electric.com
DPO Schneider Electric
35 rue Joseph Monier
CS 30323
92506 Rueil Malmaison-
France
If you believe that Schneider Electric has processed your personal information in violation of applicable law, you may file a complaint with the Group DPO at the contact details above or with a supervisory authority.
9. Changes to this privacy notice
Please note that this privacy notice may change from time to time. We will provide information about material changes.
Last updated: January 2024
Accessibility mode off
Accessibility mode on
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.se.com/ww/en/about-us/legal/data-privacy.jsp:
About us
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Legal information
Privacy Policy
Cookie Notice
Terms of use
Schneider Electric Data Privacy Policy
1. Changes to this Privacy Policy
Schneider Electric may modify this Privacy Policy as needed. This new Privacy Policy has evolved since its last update of 25 May 2018.
Schneider Electric reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy as needed, for example to comply with evolutions in laws, regulations, Schneider Electric practices and procedures, or requests by supervisory authorities.
In this case, Schneider Electric will inform impacted individuals of material changes in this Privacy Policy. Schneider Electric will post new versions on relevant internal and external websites and digital platforms.
The main changes and reasons for changes between the current version of this Privacy Policy and the previous version of 25 May 2018 are the following:
- Changes to address new regulatory requirements resulting from the CCPA (California Consumer Privacy Act);
- Specifying in our Cookie Notice examples of cookies and similar technologies we use.
2. Why this Privacy Policy?
Schneider Electric is committed to protecting your privacy and personal information. This Privacy Policy informs you of our privacy practices and of how personal information is protected. You should read it before accessing Schneider Electric digital content.
Schneider Electric strongly supports the fundamental rights to privacy and data protection as well as compliance with national and international privacy laws.
This Privacy Policy describes how Schneider Electric processes and protects personal information of individuals who use our websites and other digital platforms as well as in the context of our offline business activities.
Schneider Electric has adopted an internal Global Data Privacy Policy which is applicable to all our subsidiaries for the collection, processing, use, dissemination, transfer and storage of personal information. It imposes common rules for all of our subsidiaries of all countries, and aims at ensuring a high level of protection of personal information within Schneider Electric.
Schneider Electric has also established this Privacy Policy as an external publication of our Binding Corporate Rules (“BCR”), approved by data protection supervisory authorities of the European Union in November 2012 for the processing of personal information from the EEA as a data controller. In the Schneider Electric’s Binding Corporate Rules, we respect and take into account the major principles of EU data protection rules as one of our Head Offices is located in the European Union.
3. What is the scope of this Privacy Policy? Who is in charge of data processing?
This Privacy Policy applies to all Schneider Electric subsidiaries and digital content, unless a specific privacy notice has been released to supplement it or to replace it. You should check the privacy notices made available to you on each digital platform such as websites or applications.
Schneider Electric is a global company, with legal entities, business processes, management organizations, and system infrastructure that cross borders. This Privacy Policy applies to all Schneider Electric data processing activities run by our controlled subsidiaries, including product and service offerings and digital content (e.g. event registrations, websites, applications, tutorials, e-trainings, newsletters, advertising, and other communication). It may however be supplemented by a more specific privacy notice/statement/policy or even superseded by another policy, specific to a particular Schneider Electric program, product, service, content or entity. It is important that you read the statements made available to you for your full information. For instance, the processing of job candidate applications is governed by the privacy notice posted on our Career Portal.
The data controllers of the data processing activities are the Schneider Electric subsidiaries who have determined the data processing means and purposes. They may vary on a case-by-case basis. In many instances, Schneider Electric Industries SAS, 35 rue Joseph Monier 92500 Rueil-Malmaison - France, Schneider Electric’s Head Office, is the data controller of global data processing activities. For information you can contact us at
Global-Data-PrivacyATschneider-electric.com
[Replace in the address AT by @]
This Privacy Policy binds all Schneider Electric controlled subsidiaries, and their employees.
Any order made by you online is also subject to the terms and conditions provided on the relevant sites. You must read them.
4. Why do we collect and use personal information?
We use personal information for various purposes, including to fulfill orders and requests, to manage customer and prospect relationships, conduct surveys, improve our products, services, digital content as well as user journeys, manage user accounts and programs, analyze activities on our digital platforms, run marketing activities, provide user with contextual and relevant information, ensure the security of our activities, protect against fraud, and, more generally, run our business activities.
Our primary goal in collecting information is to provide you with superior service and a smooth, efficient and personalized experience while using our digital content.
Schneider Electric collects personal information for the following purposes:
- To fulfill orders of product, services and digital content. We collect this information to deliver your order, to obtain payment, to provide the functionalities of our applications, to communicate with you about the status of your order and for contract management purposes;
- To better address future requests for information and support. We keep record of exchanges including personal information to provide an optimized service on contacting us for support;
- For relationship management purposes which includes communicating about the products, services and digital content including email communications and messaging;
- To conduct surveys and polls. We may collect personal information to complete surveys and contact you for follow-up. We use this information to measure satisfaction, get to know our customers better and improve products, services and digital content;
- To improve our products, services and digital content; for instance, we analyze the use of our applications and websites in order to identify areas and functionalities where users have difficulties, and we improve them;
- To learn about your browsing and searching activity. We collect navigation information when you visit our digital content or click on links for products and services. We collect this information to improve user experience for next visits (e.g., country selection or profile-focused content), help our websites run more efficiently, to gather broad demographic information to analyze the websites’ activity and performance, and to evaluate the relevance and effectiveness of our advertising to better serve our customers. We may use cookies and other identifiers or similar technologies (referred to hereinafter as "Cookies") to obtain information on the referring website, type of browser used, the content viewed, as well as the date and time of access to the digital content. You may read our Cookie Notice for more information on our use of Cookies and your options for managing Cookies;
- To manage user digital accounts. We collect personal information at registration on our digital platforms (e.g. partner portal, ordering platform, mobile apps) to authenticate you, manage credentials to enable you to navigate through several digital platforms without having to re-authenticate (cf. single sign-on) and to interact with you;
- To run promotional programs and activities: we collect personal information when you join a promotional or reward program or activity. We use this information to administer the program or activity, to send relevant e-mails about the program and activity, notify winners, and make the winners' list publicly available in accordance with applicable regulations and laws;
- To send you marketing information by mail, fax, phone, text messages, email and electronic communications about promotions, news and new products or services that we think may be of interest to you in compliance with applicable opt-in and opt-out requirements. This can be conducted by Schneider Electric, its subsidiaries or selected third-parties acting on our behalf;
- To provide you with certain communications and/or targeted information about our products and services (or of our subsidiaries) through pop-ups, banners, videos, emails and any other advertising format. For instance, we may provide you with contextual advertising or other content, based on browsing information. We may also use location data to inform you about local promotions and activities. Please read our Cookie Notice for more information on the use of Cookies and your options for managing them;
- To create a user profile that we may use for our sales and marketing operations and to provide you with personalized content and services, on the basis of information obtained online from different digital platforms and information we collected about you offline considering your cookie preferences (see our Cookie Notice). For example, a user that we believe is an electrician (due notably to information provided at the time of registration and other information obtained from third-party sources), may see profile related advertising and/or on third-party websites and apps that a user with another energy-related specialty would not see. Similarly, users may see different content or receive different emails containing different advertisements or surveys. We may also use Cookies to geographically target users.
- To ensure the security of our products, services and digital content, of our activities and of others, for the protection against fraud and the compliance with our terms and conditions and this Privacy Policy. We may also investigate potential breaches;
- To enable or administer our business, such as for quality control and consolidated reporting;
- To support corporate transactions or reorganizations in which Schneider Electric is involved;
- For business continuity and disaster recovery;
- To comply with legal obligations to which we are subject. For example, accounting and tax obligations;
- Any other purpose otherwise conveyed to you.
5. What type of personal information do we process?
Schneider Electric processes various types of personal information including identity and contact related information, professional related information, information about preferences, interactions with us, financial related information, online traffic data and the content you provide to us. In most instances this information is obtained from customers, partners and users. We also purchase lists from marketing agencies and obtain information from our partners, through Cookies and social networks.
Personal information (also called personal data) is any information relating to an identified or identifiable individual. An identifiable individual is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier or to one or more factors specific to his physical, physiological, mental, economic, cultural or social identity.
The types of personal information we process about you may include:
- Identity and contact related information, such as name, company, email address, phone number, photo, age range, contact addresses;
- Professional information, such as customer type, purchasing authority, purchasing timeframe; acquisition and use of Schneider Electric products, services and digital content;
- Information (e.g. energy consumption) which is specific to the digital platform you use
- Your preferences such as product and service preferences, contact preferences, marketing preferences;
- Your interactions with us such as queries, orders, claims, survey answers;
- Financial-related information such as bank account details, credit card information;
- Online traffic data such as IP address, device and system identifiers, your Schneider Electric user ID and password, referring website, type of browser used, consulted content, and location, based either on your IP address or on information transmitted by your mobile device;
- Content that you have provided via online forums or otherwise (see section 6 “Your content” below).
This Privacy Policy does not cover personal information rendered anonymous, that is if individuals are no longer identifiable or are identifiable only with a disproportionately large expense in time, cost, or labor. If anonymized data becomes identifiable, then this Privacy Policy shall apply.
In most instances we collect personal information directly from users who have a business relationship with us. We may also obtain information through a reseller or a business partner, by purchasing customer lists from marketing agencies, from your online browsing experience, from social networks when you connect with these network’s credentials and through Cookies. You may obtain more precise information on the third-party source (if any) of personal information by contacting us at the email address indicated in section 10.
6. Your content
You may choose to contribute content, including photos or comments, to online forums, applications or other digital platforms operated by Schneider Electric. Your content must be harmless. It must respect the law, the rights and interests of others. You need to have obtained consent before sharing someone else’s data. You should apply caution before sharing information in a forum.
The content provided to us must respect the rights and interests of others, including their rights to protection of personal information and privacy. It should not be offensive, disrespectful or be harmful in any way.
Any provision of personal information to Schneider Electric about another individual must be compliant with privacy laws, including with notice and consent requirements for the disclosure of that information.
While Schneider Electric strives to protect your personal information, providing it online on shared forums is not risk-free. If you post, comment, indicate interest, or share personal information, including photographs, to any forum, social network or blog, please be aware that any personal information you submit can be read, viewed, collected, or used by other users of these forums, and could be used to contact you, send you unsolicited messages, or for purposes that neither you nor Schneider Electric have control over. Schneider Electric is not responsible for the personal information you choose to submit in these forums. You should apply caution before deciding to share information about yourself or another person.
7. Who do we share personal information with?
We share personal information with the Schneider Electric subsidiaries and the service providers involved in our activities, with advertising and marketing agencies, with social networks if you use their login credentials, with third-party websites if you register with Schneider Electric credentials, competent regulatory bodies and authorities and business successors.
Schneider Electric is a global group of companies which works as one. To provide the best service to customers, prospects and users, personal data may be shared amongst personnel working for different entities. It may be the case, for example, for customer relationship management, sales or product support, marketing, product development purposes, improvement of the products, services and digital content, data quality checks, or security, finance, regulatory and compliance purposes.
We resort to service providers to carry out data processing activities and to provide our products, services and online content to you. These service providers include, without limitation, providers of hosting facilities, information systems, advertising and marketing agencies, IT support, security services, financial services, carriers who deliver products, outside accounting firms, lawyers and auditors.
We ensure all service providers working under contract for Schneider Electric are compliant with data privacy laws and aligned with Schneider Electric guidelines.
We also share the information as follows:
- In connection with the provision of advertising, we may share some limited personal information (e.g. device identifiers, Cookie identifiers) with ad exchanges or agencies that manage advertising on third-party websites and apps on which you may see advertising.
- You may access our digital content and/or register through login credentials of third-party websites (such as Facebook and LinkedIn). If you do so, we will be able to access some of the information you registered on these social networks, to assist you to pre-fill the registration form for Schneider Electric digital content. By using the login credentials of these third-party websites, you may at the same time inform your contacts on these sites that you have created an account with Schneider Electric. If you want to know more about the information accessible by your contacts on these sites and how to restrict their communication, we encourage you to read their terms of use and privacy policies.
- Schneider Electric may disclose your personal information as necessary to potential buyers and successors in title, to facilitate a merger, consolidation, transfer of control or other corporate reorganization in which Schneider Electric participates.
- Where required by law or court orders or to protect our legal rights, we will disclose your personal information to government agencies, regulators and competent authorities.
- In other ways described in this Privacy Policy or to which you have otherwise consented.
- Aggregated with other information, in such a way that your identity cannot reasonably be determined (for example, statistical compilations).
We will not sell or rent your personal information to a third party without your permission.
8. How do we protect personal information?
Schneider Electric complies with widely recognized key data protection principles (fairness, purpose limitation, data quality, data retention, compliance with individuals’ rights, security) and takes reasonable measures for the security of personal information.
Schneider Electric respects the privacy rights and interests of individuals. Schneider Electric and its subsidiaries observe the following principles when processing personal information:
1. Processing personal information fairly and lawfully;
2. Collecting personal information for specified, legitimate purposes and not processing it further in ways incompatible with those purposes;
3. Collecting personal information which is relevant to and not excessive for the purposes for which it is collected and used. We may render information anonymous when feasible and appropriate, depending on the nature of the data and the risks associated with the intended uses;
4. Maintaining accurate personal information, and where necessary, kept up-to-date. We will take reasonable steps to rectify or delete information that is inaccurate or incomplete;
5. Keeping personal information only as long as it is necessary for the purposes for which it was collected and processed;
6. Processing personal information in accordance with individuals’ legal rights;
7. Taking appropriate technical, physical, and organizational measures to prevent unauthorized access, unlawful processing, and unauthorized or accidental loss, destruction, or damage to personal information;
8. When processing sensitive personal information, ensuring appropriate notice and consent or that the processing otherwise complies with applicable law;
Schneider Electric and all its subsidiaries must ensure that the above principles are complied with.
Schneider Electric and its subsidiaries are committed to taking commercially reasonable technical, physical, and organizational measures to protect personal information against unauthorized access, unlawful processing, accidental loss or damage, and unauthorized destruction. We offer the use of secure servers to enable you to place orders or to access your account information. We implement access control measures for our internal systems that hold personal information. Authorized users are given access to such systems through the use of a unique identifier and password. Access to personal information is provided to our staff for the sole purpose of performing their job duties. We sensitize our employees on proper use and handling of personal information. We also require our service providers to maintain compliant security measures. We implement security measures to determine the identity of registered users, so that appropriate rights and restrictions can be enforced for these users. In case of a registered user, we use both log ins and passwords for authentication. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your log-in credentials.
By using our digital content or providing personal information to us, you agree that we may communicate with you electronically or otherwise about related security, privacy, use and administrative activities. In spite of our efforts to implement appropriate security measures, online browsing carries inherent risks and we cannot guarantee that it is risk-free.
9. Third-party websites and social media
You should read the privacy policy of third-party websites and social media and adjust privacy settings as you see fit. Non-Schneider Electric websites and platforms are not covered by this Privacy Policy.
Schneider Electric digital platforms may provide links to third-party applications, products, services, or websites for the user convenience and information. If you access those links, you will leave the Schneider Electric digital platform. Schneider Electric does not control those third-party sites or their privacy practices, which may differ from Schneider Electric’s practices. We do not endorse or make any representations about third-party sites. The personal information you choose to provide or that is collected by, these third parties are not covered by the Schneider Electric Privacy Policy. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of any site you interact with, before allowing the collection and use of your personal information.
We also provide social media links that enable you to share information with your social networks and to interact with Schneider Electric on various social media sites. The use of these links may result in the collection or sharing of information about you. We encourage you to review the privacy policies and the privacy settings of the social media sites with which you interact to make sure you understand the information that may be collected, used, and shared by those sites and to adjust these settings as you see fit.
10. What are your rights?
Schneider Electric will comply with your data protection rights, including your rights to request access to your personal information and to request that it be deleted or amended. You can always opt out of any direct marketing activity performed by Schneider Electric.
Schneider Electric will comply with your data protection rights, including your rights to access and correct your personal information. You may inquire about the nature of the personal information stored or processed about you by any Schneider Electric entity. You will be provided access to your personal information, regardless of the location of the data processing and storage.
You can request access to your personal information and request that it be deleted or amended at any time. To exercise your rights please
click here
or send an email to
Global-Data-PrivacyATschneider-electric.com
[Replace in the address AT by @].
You always have the right to opt out of our marketing communications. Your prior consent is sought, when required by any applicable law. To opt out of marketing emails, simply use the functionality provided at the bottom of any email we send.
Country-specific sections may supplement this section.
11. Important information for individuals in the European Economic Area
Schneider Electric also complies with GDPR- specific requirements, including those relating to legal grounds for processing, cross-border data transfers, automated decision making and profiling, data retention, additional rights, claims, and DPO contact details.
11.1 On what legal ground is Schneider Electric relying to use personal information?
The use of personal information is necessary, with respect to the purposes mentioned in section 3 above, to, respectively:
- Perform the contract entered into between Schneider Electric and you in the context of the use of our products, services or digital content. The performance of the contract includes knowing who you are, and your specialty and interacting with you for its performance. It includes as well addressing your requests for information, support, your job applications, managing your accounts and your enrollment into our programs and ensuring compliance with terms and conditions and with this Privacy Statement.
- Comply with legal obligations to which we are subject. For instance, mandatory tax and accounting obligations or addressing filing obligations and requests by competent regulatory bodies and authorities.
- When it comes to:
o Surveys, some are carried out in our legitimate interest because they are to measure your satisfaction with services you requested from us. For other surveys we will request your consent. You will always be free not to respond.
o Providing you with marketing communications and interest-based advertising, these activities carried out by us and by our subsidiaries are in our legitimate interests. We will always provide you a possibility to opt out and where required by applicable law we will seek your prior consent.
o Using location data transmitted by your mobile device, we will seek your prior consent, where required by applicable law.
We may also process your personal information for the purposes of our legitimate interests provided that such processing shall not outweigh your rights and freedoms, in particular to:
- Protect you, us or others from threats (such as security threats or fraud),
- Comply with the laws that are applicable to us around the world,
- Improve our products, services and digital content,
- Perform profiling to provide targeted content and interest-based advertising
- Share information between Schneider Electric subsidiaries and service providers as described in section 7,
- Understand and improve our online activities, our business, our customer basis and relationships generally.
- Enable or administer our business, such as for quality control and consolidated reporting
- Manage corporate transactions, such as mergers or acquisitions.
11.2 Will personal information be transferred abroad?
At Schneider Electric, a global company, the teams working on fulfilling the data processing purposes may have global or multi-country roles. They can then be located anywhere in the world where
Schneider Electric operates
, including outside the European Union, in countries which do not have equivalent standards for the protection of personal information as the country where you are located. We may also transfer data to service providers located outside of the EU, including in the United States of America. In the event that these data transfers cannot claim an adequacy decision by the European Commission, Schneider Electric will ensure that they comply with applicable legal requirements, for example by executing standard contractual clauses or through its Binding Corporate Rules for intragroup transfers as a data controller. To obtain more details on these transfers and, where appropriate, copies of the applicable safeguards implemented, you may contact:
Global-Data-PrivacyATschneider-electric.com
[Replace in the address AT by @]
11.3 Do we build profiles and do we make automated decisions?
We may create user profiles or make automated decisions for the following purposes:
1. To carry out our sales and marketing operations.
Registration information (professional specialization, information on your online activity, topics of discussion with our representatives, etc.) is grouped together in a digital profile within our contact database. It enables to propose content that matches these profiles. This processing is performed on the basis of our legitimate interest. It does not use end-to-end automated decisions.
2. To provide a personalized, unified experience on our digital content when a user interacts with it.
To offer the best user experience on our digital platforms and provide the most relevant information at the time the user interacts with them, the information that is presented is adapted in real-time according to what seems to correspond to the user's interest. This processing uses end-to-end automated decisions. It is performed with the user’s prior consent.
2.1. This processing activity relies on the creation of a user profile in order to understand the user’s centers of interest. This profile is created automatically by aggregating the user’s interactions with digital content (web pages, e-mails, publications on social networks, online portals and applications, etc.). Tracers and “cookies” are used to identify the actions of the same user across sites and contents, specifically the so-called TEAL and TAPID cookies.
The user consents to the creation of this profile by agreeing to the "customization cookies" category. The user may withdraw consent at any time by rejecting this category. The available on our website provides further details on the technologies used and how to configure them.
When the user identifies himself on the sites, the profile thus created can be enriched with information from our contact database. The user's identity (surname, first name, telephone number, e-mail address, IP address, device identifiers) is rendered illegible and indecipherable in order to prevent the technological partners involved in this processing from identifying the user.
2.2. This activity then relies on the adaptation, according to the user's profile and last actions, of the content presented to the user:
on website pages during the visit.
Through personalized marketing communications via channels such as, but not limited to, e-mail, social networks, SMS, messaging applications, etc.
The proposed marketing content and communication channels are then automatically activated. This automated decision-making is based on objective criteria linked to our activities: market segments, countries of activity, interest in certain products and services, frequency of visits, channels previously used, etc.
These automated decisions may impact the user in the following ways:
The content proposed on the channels does not reflect the exhaustive worldwide offer available; access to the description of certain products or services may appear more complicated.
The user may receive messages and commercial proposals that other users do not get.
Other users may receive messages and commercial proposals that the user does not get.
The user consents to this automated decision by agreeing to the "customization cookies" category. They may withdraw their consent at any time by rejecting this category. The Cookies Notice available on our website provides further details on the technologies used and how to configure them.
If you feel that this automated processing has a significant impact on you, you can:
Deactivate it by rejecting the "customization cookies" category of your web browser as mentioned above.
Contact an agent of our customer support center at the contact details shown on the websites of your country to obtain information on available offers, products, services, and commercial proposals you may be interested in.
11.4 How long will personal information be retained?
We will retain personal information for as long as the information is needed for the purposes set forth in this Privacy Policy and for any additional period that may be required or permitted by law. More precise information is provided in privacy notices applicable to specific digital content. In general data retention periods are determined taking into consideration:
- The duration of our relationship (e.g. contract performance duration, account de-activation, your legitimate need to be recognized when contacted by us)
- Legal requirements for keeping data
- Statute of limitations
For marketing purposes, we keep relevant customer data for three years after the end of our relationship or since the last interaction with us.
11.5 What are your additional rights?
In addition to the rights provided in section 10 above, you may ask us to erase, restrict or port your personal information and object to the use of your personal information. When data processing is based on individual consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time by sending a request to the following email address: Global-Data-PrivacyATschneider-electric.com [Replace in the address AT by @] For processing necessary to perform the contract, or based on legitimate interest, we may not be able to accommodate the request to stop the processing, or if we do so, it may mean that you can no longer access the services or the digital content.
11.6 Where to ask questions and file a claim?
Questions or comments about the Schneider Electric privacy practices or this Privacy Policy can be addressed to the Group Data Protection Officer (Group DPO):
DPOATschneider-electric.com
[Replace in the address AT by @]
DPO, 35 rue Joseph Monier CS30323, 92506 Rueil-Malmaison - France
If you believe that Schneider Electric has processed your personal information in violation of applicable law or of this Privacy Policy, you may file a complaint with the Group DPO. You may also contact a supervisory authority. The supervisory authority for Schneider Electric is the CNIL in France; you may contact the supervisory authority in your country.
12. Important information for California residents
Schneider Electric in the USA is providing this supplemental privacy notice to give California residents the additional information required by the California Consumer Privacy Act (the “CCPA”).
At Schneider Electric, we are committed to protecting the privacy and security of all the personal information that is entrusted to us. We have a Global Privacy Program, based on Binding Corporate Rules, to demonstrate our strong support for the fundamental rights to privacy and data protection. We are also committed to complying with the privacy laws in all the countries where we operate. The Schneider Electric Privacy Policy describes our privacy and security practices.
Schneider Electric is primarily focused on serving business and professional customers. We do collect a limited amount of consumer data from individuals who provide it to us via our online forms or by otherwise interacting with our websites or apps. We also receive consumer data in connection with our smart home products. This supplemental privacy notice explains how we comply with the CCPA for this information.
12.1 CCPA Rights
The CCPA provides California residents with specific privacy rights, including the right to receive a privacy notice, the right to know what information we have collected about them during the past 12 months, and the right to know what categories of personal information we have shared with third parties. CCPA gives California residents the right to opt out of having their personal information sold1. CCPA also gives California residents the right to request deletion of their personal information.
For information that Schneider Electric collects subject to the CCPA, this notice describes the categories of information that we collect from California residents generally, the purposes for which we use the information, and the categories of third parties to whom we disclose the information for business purposes. We may collect and share other categories of information with your consent.
Schneider Electric does not sell personal information. As described below, we may share personal information with our Affiliates2 and service providers. We may also disclose personal information to third parties for business purposes as permitted by CCPA, such as to our auditors, for compliance or security, or in connection with mergers and acquisitions.
We may also share personal information with third parties based on your consent, such as if you request a referral to a distributor or installer, enroll in a co-branded marketing program, or if you accept our use of third-party advertising cookies, as described in our Cookie Notice.
12.2 How to Exercise Your Rights
If you are a California resident, you may exercise your rights or authorize another person to act on your behalf by:
•
Clicking here:
Your Privacy Choices
• Calling Schneider Electric at 800-789-3508
• Emailing us:
Global-Data-Privacy@schneider-electric.com
Please note that we will need to verify your identity before we can fulfill your request. Because the information that we maintain subject to CCPA generally consists of marketing information, we will generally verify your identity using your email address. We will respond to requests using the email address that is associated with the information we maintain.
If you would like to designate an agent, please send an email from your own email address to Global-Data-Privacy@schneider-electric.com indicating the name and email address of your agent. We will respond to that person’s requests using both your email address and the agent’s email address.
Please understand that your rights are subject to some limitations. If you request that we delete your personal information, we will do so except in those situations where our retention is required for our internal business purposes, to finalize the ongoing business operations we have we you, to log your request or otherwise permitted by CCPA (such as for fraud prevention or legal compliance). In these situations, we will retain your information in accordance with our records retention program and securely delete it at the end of the retention period.
Additionally, please note that many companies sell and install Schneider Electric products. We do not operate these companies, and we do not have any access to their databases. If you have registered with or purchased Schneider Electric products from another company, please contact that company directly to exercise your CCPA rights.
12.3 Financial Incentives
Schneider Electric collects personal information in order to deliver offers and promotions and to enable loyalty programs. While we cannot calculate the precise value of your information to us, our offers and incentives generally reflect the value of the relationships that we have with the individuals who participate in the program.
We will not discriminate against you if you exercise your rights under CCPA. However, if you ask us to delete your information, you will not be able to receive additional offers or promotions. Any offers or promotions sent to you previously will continue to be honored according to their original terms.
12.4 CCPA Right to Know Disclosures
Category of Personal Information and Representative Data Elements
Purpose for Collecting and Sharing the PI
Categories of Third Parties to whom this type of Personal Information is Disclosed for a Business Purpose
Contact Information: Name; Username; Mailing address; Email address; Telephone number; Mobile number
We use this type of information to identify you and communicate with you, including: To send transactional messages (such as confirmations); To send marketing communications, surveys, and invitation; To personalize our communications and provide customer service, For our Everyday Business Purposes³
We may disclose this type of information to our Affiliates and to Service Providers, including to social media companies that use the data only to identify which of our customers use their platforms so that we can deliver ads to you on the platform. Third parties who deliver our communications, such as the postal service and couriers; Third parties who assist us with address hygiene and fulfillment; Other third parties as required by law
Relationship Information: Personal characteristics and preferences, such as your age range, marital and family status; Loyalty and rewards program data; Household demographic data, including census data; Data from social media profiles; Hobbies and interests
We use this type of information: To better understand you and to understand our customers generally; For product and service development and improvement; To identify prospective customers; For internal business purposes, such as quality control, training and analytics; For our Everyday Business Purposes
We may disclose this type of information to our Affiliates and Service Providers and to: Third parties with whom we have joint marketing and similar arrangements; Our lawyers, auditors and consultants; Other third parties as required by law
Transaction and Interaction Information: Account information and related records; Records related to use of our websites and apps; Authentication data (passwords, account security questions); Customer service records; Visitor logs
We use this type of information: To fulfill our business relationship with you, including customer service; For recordkeeping and compliance, including dispute resolution; For internal business purposes, such as finance, quality control, training, reporting and analytics; For risk management, fraud prevention and similar purposes; For our Everyday Business Purposes
We may disclose this type of information to our Affiliates and Service Providers and to: Third parties with whom we have joint marketing and similar arrangements; Third parties as needed to complete the transaction, including delivery companies, agents and manufacturers; Our lawyers, auditors and consultants Customers, in connection with their audits of Schneider Electric Other third parties as required by law
Inferred and Derived Information: Propensities, attributes and/or scores generated by internal analytics programs
We combine inferred data with other relationship information and use this type of information: To better understand you and to understand our customers generally; For product and service development and improvement; For internal business purposes, such as quality control, training and analytics; For our Everyday Business Purposes
We may disclose this type of information to our Affiliates and Service Providers and to: Third parties with whom we have joint marketing arrangements; Our lawyers, auditors and consultants; Other third parties as required by law
Online & Technical Information: IP Address; Device identifiers and characteristics; Advertising ID; Web Server Logs; First Party Cookies; Third Party Cookies; Web beacons, clear gifs, pixel tags; Server log records; Activity log records
We use this type of information: For system administration, technology management, including optimizing our websites and applications; For information security and cybersecurity purposes, including detecting threats; For recordkeeping, including logs and records that maintained as part of Transaction Information; To better understand our customers and prospective customers and to enhance our Relationship Information, including by associating you with different devices and browsers that they may use; For online targeting and advertising purposes; For our Everyday Business Purposes
We may disclose this type of information to our Affiliates and Service Providers including to companies such as Google that use the data collected by cookies and similar means to help us with our online advertising programs, and to: Third parties who assist with our information technology and security programs, including companies such as network security services who retain information on malware threats detected; Third parties who assist with fraud prevention, detection and mitigation; Third party network advertising partners; Our lawyers, auditors and consultants; Other third parties as required by law. We also disclose this information with your consent, if you explicitly allow us to place third party advertising cookies. To learn more and review your cookie settings, please read our Cookie Notice.
IoT and Sensor data: Commands, usage and other data collected, computed or produced by smart home products (such as home automation, energy management, safety and security, and electrical products) and their associated apps; Diagnostics data (such as context and description of detected errors); Geolocation data
We use this type of information: To enable product functionality; For internal business purposes, such product development, security, and quality control; For relationship purposes, including analytics regarding product usage; For our Everyday Business Purposes
We may disclose this type of information to our Affiliates and Service Providers and to: Third parties who assist with our information technology and security programs, including network security services and cybersecurity consortia  •	Third parties who assist with fraud prevention, detection and mitigation; Third parties as needed to complete the transactions including third parties who provide products and services that you connect with ours; Third party network advertising partners; Our lawyers, auditors and consultants; Other third parties as required by law
Audio Visual Information: We collect this type of information from: Photographs; Video images; CCTV recordings; Call center recordings and call monitoring records  Voicemails
We use this type of information: For internal business purposes, such as call recordings used for training, coaching or quality control; For relationship purposes, such as use of photos and videos for social media purposes; For premises security purposes and loss prevention; For our Everyday Business Purposes
We may disclose this type of information to our Affiliates and Service Providers and to: Third parties who assist with our information technology and security programs, and our loss prevention programs; Our lawyers, auditors and consultants; Other third parties as required by law
Compliance data: We collect this type of information from: Compliance program data, such as records maintained to demonstrate compliance with applicable laws; Product safety data and other regulatory information; Records related to consumer preferences, such as your opt-ins and opt-outs of marketing programs; Records related to CCPA rights requests
We use this type of information: To comply with and demonstrate compliance with applicable laws; For legal matters, including litigation and regulatory matters, including for use in connection with civil, criminal, administrative, or arbitral proceedings, or before regulatory or self-regulatory bodies, including service of process, investigations in anticipation of litigation, execution or enforcement of judgments and orders; For internal business purposes, such as risk management, audit, internal investigations, reporting, and analytics; For our Everyday Business Purposes
We may disclose this type of information to our Affiliates and Service Providers and to: Our lawyers, auditors and consultants; Regulators, customers and other third parties, in connection with their audits of Schneider Electric; Other third parties (including government agencies, courts and opposing law firms, consultants, process servers and parties to litigation) in connection with legal matters
1. Personal information of children under 16 cannot be sold without affirmative consent. Schneider Electric does not sell children’s information.
2. Schneider Electric’s Affiliates are companies that are directly or indirectly controlled by Schneider Electric SE.
3.
Everyday Business Purposes
encompasses the Business Purposes (as defined in the CCPA) and following related purposes for which personal information may used:
• To provide the information, product or service requested by the individual or as reasonably expected given the context in which with the personal information was collected (such as customer credentialing, providing customer service, personalization and preference management, providing product updates, bug fixes or recalls, and dispute resolution);
• For identity and credential management, including identity verification and authentication, and system and technology administration;
• To protect the security and integrity of systems, networks, applications and data, including detecting, analyzing and resolving security threats, and collaborating with cybersecurity centers, consortia and law enforcement about imminent threats;
• For fraud detection and prevention;
• For legal and regulatory compliance, including all uses and disclosures of personal information that are required by law or reasonably needed for compliance with company policies and procedures, such as: anti-money laundering programs, security and incident response programs, intellectual property protection programs, and corporate ethics and compliance hotlines;
• For corporate audit, analysis and reporting;
• To enforce our contracts and to protect against injury, theft, legal liability, fraud or abuse, and to protect people or property, including physical security programs;
• To de-identify the data or create aggregated datasets, such as for consolidating reporting, research or analytics;
• To make back-up copies for business continuity and disaster recovery purposes; and
• For corporate governance, including mergers, acquisitions and divestitures.
Last update : July 2023
Accessibility mode off
Accessibility mode on