PRIVACY STATEMENT
This Privacy Statement (“Privacy Statement”) 
applies to the treatment of information submitted by, or otherwise obtained 
from, you in connection with the iPromptU application (“Application”). The 
Application is provided by Cognitive Behavior
al Institute 
of Albequerque, LLC (“Company”) and may be provided by Company on behalf of 
another party authorized by Company. By using or otherwise accessing the 
Application, you acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies outlined 
in this Privacy Statement.
WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DOES COMPANY 
COLLECT?
The Company does not collect any information, personal or otherwise, directly 
from the users of the Application.
As stated in the Terms and Conditions, the information in the Application is 
only shared by a positive action of the user.
HOW DOES COMPANY USE THE INFORMATION IT 
COLLECTS?
No information is collected by the Company except that which the user shares 
through their positive action.
CONDITIONS OF USE.
If you decide to use or otherwise access the Application, your use/access of the 
Application and any possible dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy 
Statement and our Terms of Use, including limitations on damages, and 
application of Texas law.
THIRD-PARTY APPLICATIONS/WEBSITES.
The Application may permit you to link to other applications or websites. Such 
third-party applications/websites are not under Company’s control, and such 
links do not constitute an endorsement by Company of those other 
applications/websites or the services offered through them. The privacy and 
security practices of such third-party applications/websites linked to the 
Application are not covered by this Privacy Statement, and Company is not 
responsible for the privacy or security practices or the content of such 
applications/websites.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT.
Company may amend this Privacy Statement from time to time. Use of information 
we collect is subject to the Privacy Statement in effect at the time such 
information is collected and/or used. If we make changes in the way we use 
personal information, we will notify you by posting an announcement on our 
website or through the Application. A user is bound by any changes to the 
Privacy Statement when the user accesses or otherwise uses the Application after 
such changes have been posted.
QUESTIONS OR CONCERNS.
If you have any questions or concerns regarding privacy on our website, please 
send us a detailed message at cbhiaipromptu@gmail.com. We will attempt to 
resolve your concerns.
Effective Date: March 1, 2017.
70089.000024 EMF_US 57939596v1