Last Updated: 2023-12-18
Flexibits, Inc. (“we,” “us,” “our”) works hard to build and maintain a relationship of trust with you. This Privacy Policy (the “Privacy Policy”) governs our collection, use, and disclosure of your Personal Information (as defined below) in connection with your use of our website(s) on which this Privacy Policy is linked (the “Sites”), such as www.flexibits.com and any services, transactions, or other engagements you might have with us including your use of our applications (collectively, “Services”).
This Privacy Policy explains what information we collect about you, how we use or disclose such information, how to exercise any rights you may have with respect to your Personal Information (including any rights to opt-out of certain uses of your information), and the safeguards we have in place to reduce the risk of unauthorized access and use. This Privacy Policy does not apply to the Personal Information (defined below) of our employees, independent contractors, and job applicants.
Please carefully read this Privacy Policy, which is part of our Terms of Service, before using our Sites and/or Services. If you do not agree with our Terms of Use or this Privacy Policy, you must refrain from using our Sites/Services. By accessing or using our Sites or Services, you agree to our use of your information consistent with our Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy.
ABOUT THIS PRIVACY POLICY
Privacy Policy Changes
This Privacy Policy is subject to change. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy frequently for any revisions or amendments. Changes to this Privacy Policy will be posted on the Sites and will be effective immediately upon posting. You will be deemed to have been made aware of and have accepted the changes by your continued use of our Sites or Services. If we determine that a change to this Privacy Policy will result in using your Personal Information acquired before the change being used in a materially new way, we will provide you notice before using your Personal Information in the new way such as by sending you an email, posting a notice on our Sites, or sending a notice through our applications.
Conflict Between this Policy and Laws and Regulations
When federal, state, or local laws and regulations require a higher level of protection for your Personal Information, they take precedence over this Privacy Policy. The specific requirements of this Privacy Policy apply unless disallowed by applicable laws or regulations.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Personal Information
We collect information that personally identifies, relates to, describes, or is capable of being associated with you (“Personal Information”), including:
Identifiers
such as name, email address, IP address, billing address, phone number, device ID;
Commercial Information
such as transaction history, payment method information, content of correspondence with us such as emails, chats, or text messages, crash reports, usage analytics, customer satisfaction surveys;
User-Created Data
such as events, tasks, meeting proposals, reminders, contacts, calendar names, meeting templates, notes; and
Geolocation Information
(approximate).
The specific Personal Information we collect about you may vary based on how you use the Sites and/or Services and your relationship with us such as if you are a user of our products or if you are a contact person for a company with which we do business.
User-Created Data
When using our Services, you may create data such as calendars, events, tasks, and more that we refer to in this Privacy Policy as “User-Created Data”. We believe that User-Created Data should be kept on-device and not sent to us to the greatest extent possible; however, there will be times when User-Created Data will need to be sent to us in connection with providing the Services to you. We also believe that it is important for our users to understand how their User-Created Data is handled. Accordingly, we have created a
Privacy at Flexibits FAQ
which explains in more detail the instances when we need to receive and process User-Created Data off-device and steps we take to limit our ability to access User-Created Data as much as reasonably possible when it is stored on or transmitted through our servers.
Sites Activity
We may automatically collect information in connection with the actions you take on the Sites using a tool called
Matomo
. For example, each time you visit our website, we may automatically collect the type of web browser you use, the type of device you use, your operating system, your Internet Service Provider, the pages you view, referring and exit pages, the date and time of your visit, the number of clicks to, from, and within the Sites, and the duration of your visits to the Sites. This information is anonymized and therefore is not considered Personal Information as defined in this Privacy Policy.
Usage Analytics
Depending on which of our applications you use, we may collect analytics information about your use of our applications in order to understand how our applications are being used so we can improve them. This analytics data is transmitted to us approximately every 24-48 hours. This data may be anonymized and therefore, if anonymized, is not considered Personal Information as defined in this Privacy Policy. If you are using an application that collects analytics data, we will give you the option to disable analytics in your in-application account settings.
Communication Recordings
We may retain the content of text messages or other written/electronic communications between you and us. By communicating with us, you consent to our recording and retention of communications.
HOW WE COLLECT INFORMATION
Voluntary Disclosure
We may ask you to provide us with Personal Information when you communicate with us (online or offline), use the Sites, purchase Services, and at other times. You are not required to provide us your Personal Information; however, if you choose not to provide the requested information, you may not be able to use some or all of the features of the Sites or Services or we may not be able to fulfill your requested interaction.
Cookies
We use cookies in a few instances. First, we use a cookie to store a person’s signed-in status if they sign-in at hub.flexibits.com. Second, we may use a cookie in connection with our development work to allow us to understand impacts of potential changes to our Sites or Services. We do not store any Personal Information in this cookie. Lastly, If you visit our Site from a third-party partner website, we may ask to store a cookie on your device. This cookie allows us to provide affiliate revenue to our affiliate partners if you try to subscribe to Flexibits Premium. We do not store any Personal Information in this cookie. Besides the foregoing cookies, we do not use any other cookies, tracking pixels, clear gifs, or other tracking technologies in connection with our Sites or Services.
HOW WE USE AND DISCLOSE INFORMATION
Generally
We use Personal Information for general business purposes, such as:
Processing Purpose
Categories of Personal Information Processed
Provide you with access to and use of our Sites and Services
All categories of personal information.
Process payments, returns, or exchanges
Identifiers.
Commercial Information.
Service your account and provide support for your use of the Sites and Services
All categories of personal information.
Conduct surveys or market research
All categories of personal information.
Design, develop, and improve our Sites and Services
Identifiers.
Commercial Information.
Geolocation Information.
Market our products to you
Identifiers.
Commercial Information.
Perform data analytics
Identifiers.
Commercial Information.
Geolocation Information.
Operate physical security, information security, anti-fraud, and loss prevention programs
All categories of personal information.
Respond to governmental and other legal requests
All categories of personal information.
Meet our legal obligations and obtain legal advice
All categories of personal information.
Perform day-to-day business operations such as accounting and internal reporting
All categories of personal information.
Anonymous Information
If we collect or process anonymized information from you or about your use of our Sites or Services, we commit that we will not attempt to re-identify the information to make it personally identifiable.
Service Providers
We may from time to time establish a relationship with other businesses to provide services to us which may include corporate affiliates (“Service Providers”), including for:
Provision of the Sites and Services;
Facilitating marketing and non-marketing communications;
Marketing design and development;
Business analytics (both marketing and non-marketing related);
IT and network administration and support such as application development and support, crash reporting, data storage and management, website hosting, and data security;
Promotional event design and administration;
Payment processing;
Professional services such as legal and accounting;
Obtaining legal records;
Collection of accounts; and
Day-to-day business operations such as courier services, facilities management, and document destruction.
We only provide our Service Providers with the Personal Information necessary for them to perform these services on our behalf. Each Service Provider is expected to use reasonable security measures appropriate to the nature of the information involved to protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. Service Providers are prohibited from using Personal Information other than as specified by us.
You may also be asked to provide Personal Information directly to a Service Provider. For example, we may connect you with a payment processor and request that you provide Personal Information directly to them.
Additional information about certain Service Providers we use to whom we disclose your Personal Information can be found in our
Privacy at Flexibits FAQ
.
Third-Party Selling and Targeted Advertising
We do not sell your Personal Information to third parties under any circumstance. We also do not share your Personal Information with third parties for targeted advertising or cross-context behavioral advertising purposes.
Requested Disclosures
We may disclose your Personal Information to third parties upon your request or if you are using a function of our Services that requires such disclosure. For example, we may disclose certain Personal Information if you request that we share a calendar invitation to a third party, we may disclose your approximate geolocation with AccuWeather if your application provides the weather at your location but we will not do so in a way that identifies you, or we may permit you to integrate our Services with Apple Maps.
OTHER PRIVACY AND SECURITY PROVISIONS
Security
We recognize the importance of safeguarding the confidentiality of Personal Information from loss, misuse, or alteration. Accordingly, we employ commercially reasonable administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to protect such Personal Information from unauthorized access, disclosure, and use. Even with these safeguards, no data transmission over the Internet or other network can be guaranteed 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect information transmitted on or through our Sites or Services, you do so at your own risk.
Other Websites & App Stores
Please be aware that third-party websites or app stores accessible through the Sites or recommended through our Services may have their own privacy and data collection policies and practices. We are not responsible for any actions, content of websites, or privacy policies of such third parties. You should check the applicable privacy policies of those third parties when providing information.
Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement
We cooperate with government and law enforcement officials and private parties to enforce and comply with the law. We may disclose Personal Information and any other information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties if, in our discretion, we believe it is necessary or appropriate to respond to legal requests (including court orders, investigative demands, and subpoenas), to protect the safety, property, or rights of ourselves, consumers, or any other third party, to prevent or stop any illegal, unethical, or legally actionable activity, or to comply with law. We have not made any such disclosures in the past twelve months.
Other Transfers
We may disclose Personal Information among businesses controlling, controlled by, or under common control with us. If we are merged, acquired, or sold, or in the event of a transfer of some or all of our assets, we may disclose or transfer Personal Information in connection with such transaction. We have not made any such disclosures in the past twelve months.
How Long We Retain Your Data
We retain your Personal Information in accordance with our record retention policies that factor in our business needs, providing reasonable support to you, and our legal, regulatory, tax, and/or accounting obligations. For example, certain Personal Information that we collect in connection with a support ticket, such as attachments to support tickets, are typically retained for no longer than six months. However, purchase and payment history may be retained for longer. If you have particular questions regarding our record retention policies, you may contact us.
Children’s Privacy
The Sites and Services are not intended for children under the age of 18 and we do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of 18. If we become aware that we have inadvertently received Personal Information from a child under the age of 18, we will delete such information from our records.
ADDITIONAL UNITED STATES PRIVACY RIGHTS
If you are a resident of California, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, or Virginia you have additional rights to access and control your Personal Information. Exemptions may apply.
Right to Know
You have the right to request twice per 12-month period that we provide you (i) the categories or specific pieces of Personal Information we collected about you; (ii) the categories of sources from which your Personal Information was collected; (iii) the business or commercial purpose(s) for which we collected your Personal Information; (iv) the categories of Third Parties with whom we shared your Personal Information (if any); (v) the categories of Third Parties to whom we sold your Personal Information (if any); and (vi) our business or commercial purposes for selling/sharing Personal Information (if sold or shared). We are not permitted to provide access to specific pieces of Personal Information if the Personal Information is sensitive or creates a high risk of potential harm from disclosure to an unauthorized person such as payment method information. We will not provide specific pieces of Personal Information unless you expressly request them.
Right to Deletion
You have the right to request that we delete any Personal Information we have collected about you. Please understand that we are not required to honor a deletion request if a legal exemption applies such as if we need the information to complete a requested or reasonably anticipated transaction, help ensure security, enable internal uses that are reasonably aligned with your expectations, or comply with legal obligations.
Right to Correction
You may request that we correct information you believe to be inaccurate. When you make your request, please be sure to provide us the specific information that you believe is inaccurate and the correct information. You should also provide us with any documentation you believe supports your proposed correction, and we will take that documentation into consideration. We will only correct the information if we determine, based on the totality of the circumstances, that your correction is more likely than not accurate. We may also choose to delete the allegedly inaccurate information instead of correcting it.
Right to Appeal
You have the right to appeal our decision to deny, in full or in part, your exercise of privacy rights by submitting a request to appeal. If we deny your appeal, we will provide you with a written explanation of the reasons for our decision. If you are not satisfied with our explanation for the denial of your appeal, you may contact your state Attorney General to submit a complaint about the appeal results.
Submitting a Request
You may submit your request(s) by using our online
privacy request form
or by calling us at 1 (855) 207-7171.
After you submit your request, we may contact you to obtain additional information necessary to verify your identity. For example, we may require you to verify certain information in our files or submit a signed declaration under penalty of perjury verifying your identity. We will not process requests without verifying your identity, so please respond promptly. If you do not timely respond to our requests for information, we may deny your request.
We will process verified Right to Know, Deletion, and Correction requests within 45 days of receipt, subject to any applicable exemptions and extensions permitted by law up to 90 days. We will process verified Appeals within the timeframe prescribed by applicable state law, but generally within 45 days of receipt. If you request access to specific Personal Information and that information creates a high risk of potential harm from disclosure to an unauthorized person, we will withhold that information and replace it with a category identifier and/or redacted information. For example, if we withhold a payment card number, we will inform you that we have a payment card number on file and we may provide you with the card type and the last four digits of the card number. If you have an online account with us, we will provide the response to your request via the online account, otherwise, we will give you the option to choose between mail and electronic delivery. We will retain a copy of your request, including your deletion request, for at least two years as required by law.
Authorized Agent
If you are an authorized agent submitting a request on behalf of another person, you must provide a copy of a lawful power of attorney or a written signed authorization from the consumer along with proof of your identity. You may provide this documentation via email to
help@flexibits.com
after submitting the request. We may contact you and the person on whose behalf you claim to act to verify your identity, the person’s identity, and your authorization to act on the person’s behalf.
Non-Discrimination Notice
We will not discriminate against any consumer for exercising their privacy rights under law or this Privacy Policy.
California “Do Not Track” Disclosure
Do Not Track is a web browser privacy preference that causes the web browser to broadcast a signal to websites requesting that a user’s activity not be tracked. If Do Not Track is enabled, we do not collect information about your use of our Sites.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION FOR PERSONS LOCATED IN THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA, SWITZERLAND, OR THE UNITED KINGDOM
Flexibits informs you below in accordance with Art. 12, 13 GDPR about the processing of personal data by the Fantastical and Cardhop services as well as about your respective privacy rights.
You will find a list of personal data processed by Flexibits in the sections "What personal information do we collect?" and "What data is sent to Flexibits when using Fantastical Openings?". The purpose of processing is to provide the Flexibits services and all functions of our specific services. In addition, Flexibits may process your location to provide weather forecasts and location-specific information. Flexibits also collects data about your use of Flexibits services in order to continuously develop and improve its services.
The legal bases for data processing are:
Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR, where processing is required to make the provision of the services to you possible at all;
Art. 6 para. 1 lit. c GDPR, to the extent that Flexibits is legally obliged to retain certain data or provide it to authorities;
Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR, in cases where Flexibits asks you for your consent to certain data processing;
Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR, insofar as the processing of personal data is necessary for the legitimate interests of Flexibits and your rights and freedoms do not prevail.
When using Flexibits services, personal data is transferred to servers located in the USA. The legal basis for this transfer is the standard contractual clauses of the EU Commission agreed between you and Flexibits. Flexibits maintains comprehensive measures to protect your data.
Your data will be stored as long as you maintain your accounts. As soon as you delete data or your account, Flexibits will also delete your data from its servers. There may be short delays for technical reasons. We must retain certain data, such as invoices, for a longer period due to retention obligations under tax law.
Providing your data is neither legally nor contractually required. However, it is possible that Flexibits will not be able to provide you with its services or individual services if you do not provide certain data.
Automated decision-making, in particular profiling, does not take place.
Under the conditions of the statutory provisions of the General Data Protection Regulation, you have the following rights as a data subject:
Access pursuant to Art. 15 GDPR to the personal data stored about you in the form of meaningful information on the details of the processing and a copy of your data;
Rectification in accordance with Art. 16 GDPR of incorrect or incomplete data stored by Flexibits;
Erasure pursuant to Art. 17 GDPR of data stored by Flexibits, unless the processing is necessary for exercising the right of freedom of expression and information, for compliance with a legal obligation, for reasons of public interest or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims;
Restriction of processing in accordance with Art. 18 GDPR if the accuracy of the data is disputed, the processing is unlawful, Flexibits no longer needs the data and you refuse to delete it because you need it to assert, exercise or defend legal claims or you have lodged an objection to the processing in accordance with Art. 21 GDPR.
Data portability pursuant to Art. 20 GDPR, insofar as you have provided Flexibits with personal data on the basis of consent pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR or on the basis of a contract pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR and these have been processed by Flexibits using automated procedures. You will receive your data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format or Flexibits will transmit the data directly to another controller if this is technically feasible.
Objection pursuant to Art. 21 GDPR to the processing of your personal data, insofar as this is carried out on the basis of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. e, f GDPR and there are reasons for this arising from your particular situation or the objection is directed against direct advertising. The right to object does not exist if overriding, compelling legitimate grounds for the processing can be demonstrated or the processing is carried out for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims. If the right to object does not exist for individual processing operations, this is indicated there.
Withdrawal of your consent in accordance with Art. 7 para. 3 GDPR with effect for the future.
Complaint pursuant to Art. 77 GDPR to a supervisory authority if you believe that the processing of your personal data violates the GDPR. As a rule, you can contact the supervisory authority of your usual place of residence, your place of work or the registered office of the EU representative of Flexibits.
Controller within the meaning of Art. 4 No. 7 GDPR is
Flexibits, Inc.
223 Wall Street #238
Huntington NY, NY 11743
You can reach our EU representative at the following contact details:
FX Data UG (haftungsbeschränkt)
Verhoevenstrasse 4
81739 Munich
Germany
dsb@fx-data.de
CONTACT US
If you have any questions about our Sites, Services, or this Privacy Policy, please contact us using the methods available on our
Contact page
or by email at
help@flexibits.com
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://flexibits.com/privacy/faq:
Skip to main
Redeem
What is your “Privacy Policy”?
We have a traditional
Privacy Policy
. We also know you are busy and probably want to just get to the point, so we created this page to help you understand our privacy practices without the “legalese” and to allow us to get into more detail on certain points.
Give me the short version
Flexibits complies with the requirements of GDPR.
Flexibits products collect as little personal information about you as reasonably possible.
A Flexibits Account stores your name, email address, and the name of devices you have
              registered with the account. Meeting proposals you create are stored on Flexibits servers. Data other
              than meeting proposals is end-to-end encrypted when synced between your devices (which means we don't
              have access to it).
Calendar and contact accounts you add to Fantastical or Cardhop are kept on your device.
              Account passwords (including OAuth tokens), events, tasks, and contacts are stored only on your device
              and are not sent to servers. See below for exceptions when using Fantastical for Apple Watch or
              Fantastical Openings.
Flexibits apps collect
analytics and usage data
.
              Analytics collection can be managed in the Flexibits Account settings in Fantastical.
When using Fantastical for Apple Watch, some of your events and tasks are encrypted
              and sent to Flexibits in order to sync with your watch (this data is end-to-end encrypted and we are
              unable to access it).
When using Fantastical Openings, the names of your calendars and when your events begin and
              end are sent to Flexibits. This data can be deleted at any time.
Want to know more? Keep reading!
What personal information we collect
When you create a Flexibits Account we store your name, email address, and IP address.
When you sign in to Fantastical on a device we store your device's name so that you can
              identify it when managing your account.
When you sign up for a Flexibits Premium subscription your billing address and payment
              information is stored by Stripe, our payment processor.
Your personal information is never sold to anyone else or shared with anyone else for cross-context behavioral advertising purposes.
Where are my events, tasks, and contacts stored?
In general, your events, reminders, and contacts are stored on your device and are not sent
            anywhere else (see exceptions below). Your account’s password is stored securely on your device using the
            Keychain.
Event and task data synced to your Apple Watch is stored on Flexibits servers. This data is
              end-to-end encrypted and we are unable to access it.
If you create a meeting proposal in Fantastical, the proposal is stored on Flexibits servers
              so that the invitees can respond to the proposal.
Additional data is sent when using Fantastical Openings (see below).
Why do Fantastical and Cardhop ask for the username and password of my accounts?
Fantastical for macOS/iOS and Cardhop use your username and password to sync and display your events, reminders,
            and contacts. Your username and password are stored securely in the Keychain. The Keychain is part of macOS
            and iOS and is responsible for securely storing usernames and passwords.
Fantastical for Windows stores your usernames and passwords securely on your device using the Data Protection API (DPAPI). The information is protected on a per-user basis against other logged-in users on your device. The DPAPI is part of Windows and is responsible for securely storing usernames and passwords.
Your account username is securely synced between devices, but Flexibits does not have access to this information and your password will never leave your device. Your account information is never used for any reason other than to sync your data.
What data is sent to Flexibits when using Fantastical Openings?
The names of your accounts and calendars.
The names of your calendar sets and which calendars are in each calendar
              set.
If your calendars support conferencing services, such as Google Meet, Zoom, Webex, or
              Microsoft Teams.
Meeting templates that you've created.
The name, email address, and notes from people who request meetings from
              you.
Your Fantastical Openings data can be deleted at any time at
hub.flexibits.com
.
Titles, locations, notes, invitees, and other identifying event data are
not
sent to
              Flexibits.
When does an app use my location?
Fantastical uses your location for the following:
To show you weather based on your location.
To switch your calendar set when you have a calendar set that activates automatically based
              on location.
To show you notifications for geofenced reminders.
To show you time to leave notifications based on your current location.
To show you relevant search results when searching for a location.
When your location is sent off your device:
Your location is sent to Apple Maps to show relevant search results when searching for a
              location.
Your location is sent to AccuWeather to show weather for the current location (this can be
              disabled in the settings).
We do not receive your precise geolocation. Your geolocation is modified on your device so that we only receive an approximate geolocation.
Cardhop never uses your location.
Do you use end-to-end encryption when syncing data between devices?
Fantastical uses end-to-end encryption to sync your calendar sets, templates, interesting
            calendars, Apple Watch data, and account usernames.
Your Flexibits Account Key is used to encrypt your data when it is stored on a Flexibits server.
            Your Flexibits Account Key is stored on iCloud to make it easy to sign in to other devices that use the same
            iCloud account.
When does an app send data to Flexibits?
Fantastical for Mac and Windows:
When creating or responding to a meeting proposal using Fantastical Scheduling.
When events have changed on your calendar while using Fantastical
            Openings. See above for what data is sent while using Fantastical Openings.
When updating calendar sets, templates, interesting calendars, and calendar accounts (this
            data is end-to-end encrypted).
Periodically to check for updates to Fantastical. This includes anonymous information about
            your computer, such as your operating system version, your version of Fantastical, if light or dark mode is
            enabled, and how many accounts you have set up in Fantastical. No personally identifying information is
            sent as part of the update check.
When making changes to your calendar or dismissing alerts. No event data is ever sent to
            Flexibits, our servers only receive a notification that changes were made on your account. This
            notification is then relayed to Fantastical on your other devices.
When using Google push updates. No event data is ever sent to Flexibits, our servers only
            receive a notification that changes were made on your account. This notification is then relayed to
            Fantastical.
When using Todoist push updates. Information about updated tasks is sent to Flexibits, but
            our servers never store any task data after the changes have been sent to Fantastical on your devices.
When setting up Fantastical for the first time. Fantastical sends anonymous analytics to
            Flexibits during the setup process.
When enabled, Fantastical sends
usage analytics
once a day.
            Analytics can be disabled in the in-app Flexibits Account settings.
If Fantastical crashes, you will be asked to send a crash report. Please send them, it helps
            us identify and fix problems!
Fantastical for iOS, iPadOS, and visionOS:
When creating or responding to a meeting proposal using Fantastical Scheduling.
When events have changed on your calendar while using Fantastical
            Openings. See above for what data is sent while using Fantastical Openings.
When updating calendar sets, templates, interesting calendars, and calendar accounts.
            This data is end-to-end encrypted and we are unable to access it.
When using Fantastical for Apple Watch, event and task data synced to your Apple Watch is stored
            on Flexibits servers. This data is end-to-end encrypted and we are unable to access it.
When making changes to your calendar or dismissing alerts. No event data is ever sent to
            Flexibits, our servers only receive a notification that changes were made on your account. This
            notification is then relayed to Fantastical on your other devices.
When using Google and Exchange push updates. No event data is ever sent to Flexibits, our
            servers only receive a notification that changes were made on your account. This notification is then
            relayed to Fantastical.
When using Todoist push updates. Information about updated tasks is sent to
            Flexibits, but our servers never store any task data after the changes have been sent to Fantastical on
            your devices.
Periodically to send anonymous version information about your device. Specifically,
            Fantastical reports the version of Fantastical, the version of iOS, the type of device (
e.g. iPhone
            7, iPad Pro
), language (
e.g. English, French
), if Flexibits Premium is active, and if
            there's an Apple Watch paired with Fantastical installed.
When setting up Fantastical for the first time. Fantastical sends anonymous analytics to
            Flexibits during the setup process.
When enabled, Fantastical sends
usage analytics
once a day.
            Analytics can be disabled in the in-app Flexibits Account settings.
If Fantastical crashes, you will be asked to send a crash report. Please send them, it helps
            us identify and fix problems!
Cardhop for Mac:
Periodically to check for updates to Cardhop. This includes anonymous information about your
            computer, such as your version of macOS, your version of Cardhop, if light or dark mode is enabled, and
            approximately how many accounts and contacts you have. No personally identifying information is sent as part of the update check.
When setting up Cardhop for the first time. Fantastical sends anonymous analytics to
            Flexibits during the setup process.
If Cardhop crashes you will be asked to send a crash report. Please send them, it helps us
            identify and fix problems!
Cardhop connects to gravatar.com to look up contact images when adding or editing contacts.
            No personal or identifying information is sent to Gravatar.
Cardhop for iOS:
If Cardhop crashes, you will be asked to send a crash report. Please send them, it helps us
            identify and fix problems!
When setting up Cardhop for the first time. Fantastical sends anonymous analytics to
            Flexibits during the setup process.
Cardhop connects to gravatar.com to look up contact images when adding or editing contacts.
            No personal or identifying information is sent to Gravatar.
flexibits.com:
Matomo
is used to collect usage information on our website.
            All data collected is anonymous and IP addresses are anonymized. If
Do Not Track
is enabled in
            your web browser, then no information is collected. Usage information is for internal use only and is not
            shared with anyone else.
If you contact support and need assistance, we may ask for troubleshooting information that may contain personal data. Files sent as part of the support process are kept for no longer than six months although we may keep the content of communications between us for longer.
We ask to store a cookie on your device if you come to flexibits.com from a partner website.
            This cookie is used to provide affiliate revenue to our partners if you try or subscribe to Flexibits
            Premium. We do not store any personally identifiable information in this cookie.
What other entities does Flexibits use to process or store personal data?
Stripe:
If you purchase a Flexibits Premium subscription, then Stripe processes the
            payment and will collect and store information related to the payment.
Campaign Monitor:
If you've signed up for our mailing list, then your name and email
            address are stored with Campaign Monitor.
AccuWeather:
AccuWeather provides weather data and forecasts. AccuWeather receives
            your location to show you weather for your current location (this can be disabled in the settings).
SchedJoules:
SchedJoules provides interesting calendars in Fantastical, if you choose
            to add interesting calendars to Fantastical.
Sentry:
Sentry collects crash reports when one of our apps crashes. You will be asked if you want to submit a crash
            report before any data is sent. Sentry also collects problem reports if you encounter an issue on our website.
            This allows us to troubleshoot problems and fix bugs.
Google:
Flexibits’s use and transfer of information received from Google APIs to any other app will adhere to
Google API Services User Data Policy
, including the Limited Use requirements.
How do I delete my Flexibits Account?
You can delete your account at
hub.flexibits.com
under the Account section. Deleting your account will also delete all personal data contained within your account although we may maintain some basic personal data as needed for our own business purposes such as the content of communications between us, you name and contact information, and your purchase history.
Where are Flexibits servers located?
Flexibits servers are hosted on Google Cloud Platform in the US. Google’s data centers are SOC 2 and ISO 27001 certified.
What happens if there is a data breach?
In the event of a breach that results in the unauthorized access, use, or disclosure of personal data, we will notify all affected users in a timely manner.
Who is the EU GDPR Representative (Art 27 EU GDPR)?
Felix Gebhard (Certified Data Protection Officer - TÜV SÜD)
FX Data UG (haftungsbeschränkt)
Verhoevenstrasse 4
81739 München
Contact: dsb@fx-data.de, +49.89.785 763 94
If you are an organization based in the EU, you can opt in to our
DPA and standard contractual clauses
.
I have a question that isn't answered here.
Please
contact us
and we'll get back to you.
October 29, 2024:
Added information about Fantastical for Windows.
July 17, 2024:
Removed App Center from list of subprocessors.
May 21, 2024:
Removed Rollbar from list of subprocessors.
May 14, 2024:
Added information about Google Cloud security certifications.
May 10, 2024:
Added information about the Google API Services User Data Policy.
May 7, 2024:
Added Sentry to list of subprocessors.
February 7, 2024:
Added analytics collection during Cardhop onboarding.
February 1, 2024:
Added visionOS.
December 18, 2023:
Policy clarifications and link to formal Privacy Policy.
July 24, 2023:
Added app analytics and opt-in/out information.
April 11, 2023:
Added an explicit mention about breach notifications.
April 4, 2023:
Added analytics collection during Fantastical onboarding.
March 17, 2023:
Clarified that meeting proposals are part of Fantastical Scheduling.
July 22, 2022:
Added link to DPA.
February 7, 2022:
Added information about Fantastical Openings.
June 21, 2021:
Added information about an affiliate cookie.
May 5, 2021:
Renamed Fantastical Premium to Flexibits Premium.
December 15, 2020:
Clarified OAuth token information.
November 24, 2020:
Clarified information about Todoist push updates on Mac so the text matches iOS.
November 20, 2020:
Typographic correction.
October 2, 2020:
Clarified about when data is sent for Apple Watch sync and that it is end-to-end encrypted.
July 7, 2020:
Updated delete account instructions.
March 24, 2020:
Added App Center and Rollbar to data processors.
February 26, 2020:
Typographic correction.
February 1, 2020:
Added GDPR.
Added information about when a device shares a location.
Added AccuWeather and SchedJoules to data processors.
Added delete account instructions.
Added information about where Flexibits servers are located.
Sub-policy 1
https://flexibits.com/legal:
Redeem
Legal
Resources
Privacy Policy
Full privacy policy outlining what information is collected and how we use that information.
Privacy FAQ
An easy-to-read summary of our privacy policy.
California Privacy Notice
Addendum to the main privacy policy regarding how we handle your personal information as a California resident.
Terms of Service
The rules and guidelines that users or visitors must agree to in order to use the website and/or apps.
Privacy Request
Sign in
with your Flexibits Account to autofill your contact information.
Right to Know Categories of Personal Info
Right to Know Specific Personal Info
Deletion
Correction
Appeal
Who is this request for?
Submitting for myself
Submitting as an agent for someone else
How would you like your response?
Send a response via mail
Send an electronic response
Drag files or click here to upload
Leave this blank (antispam):
Send Request