This privacy policy describes how Oddrobo Software AB uses and protects information that you may give Oddrobo Software AB when you games and applications that links to this policy. Oddrobo Software AB is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. You can be assured that any information provided by you will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. Oddrobo Software AB may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. This policy is effective from 5
th
of September, 2024.
Information we collect
Apps that link to this policy do not collect personal data. In some of these apps the user can create a user profile with a name and an avatar. This information is only stored locally on the actual device and is not collected or stored by us.
Some of these apps use Apple Game Center to provide online leaderboard functionality. The user can choose not to use this functionality and the game will still be playable. For more information about personal data in Game Center, please see
Game Center Terms and Conditions
.
Some of these apps may collect anonymous data of game usage to help us improve our apps. This data may contain information about how and where the app is used, but it is not associated with any personal data.
If you contact us, e.g. by email, we may store your name and contact information as long as it has relevance to us. When we do not need your name and contact information any longer, we will remove it.
Security
We are committed to ensure that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
GDPR
We handle all personal data in accordance to the European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). If you believe that we have handled your personal data incorrectly please contact the responsible authority in Sweden,
Datainspektionen
:
Datainspektionen
Box 8114
104 20 Stockholm
Sweden
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
Our apps and services comply with COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act). We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. If we would receive personal information by a child under the age of 13, we will promptly remove such information.
Cookies and links to other websites
Our website uses cookies to help us understand how the website is used and how it can be improved. Our websites, games and applications may contain links to other websites. However, once you have used these links to leave our website, game or application, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information that you provide whilst visiting such websites and such websites are not governed by this privacy policy.
Controlling your personal data
We will not sell, distribute or lease any collected information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. If you believe that we hold any information about you that is incorrect or incomplete, please contact us as soon as possible. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Removing personal data
We will remove any personal data about you that we hold if you request so.
We only store personal data that has relevance to us. Any personal data that no longer has any relevance to us will be removed within one year.
Contacting us
If you have any questions or comments about this privacy policy, please contact us.
Oddrobo Software AB
Gåsholmsvägen 36
746 37 Bålsta
Sweden
Email:
info@oddrobo.com
Phone: +46 72 222 21 47