End User Agreement and Notice
Eldes Cloud Services System's End User Agreement and Notice
The following describes the terms on which Eldes offers you access to Eldes Cloud Services system controlled remotely from web or mobile applications. 
This is an agreement and notice on limited, noncommercial enduser rights and not an agreement for sale. You (an individual or a single entity, referred to as “you” or “your”, 
means any person or entity using the Eldes Cloud Services) agree that this agreement is enforceable like any written contract signed by you.
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Licensor Eldes hereby grants to you, and you accept, a nonexclusive, limited Lifetime License to use the software only for 
purposes of obtaining services from Eldes and only as authorized in this Agreement.
Lifetime means
that user will have access to the software and its new versions for the period of maintenance of the software. Nevertheless User agrees that without limitation 
certain features of the Software/Service may not be available or supported in perpetuity. User also agrees that Eldes shall have the right to change features associated with the 
Software/Service at Eldes sole discretion, and that Eldes may choose to discontinue support of Software/Service at any time.
If you do not agree with the rules contained in this Agreement, the User Agreement and Notice, then you are not permitted to use the Software/Service.
The rules on this Agreement may be modified from time to time.
The continued use of the Software by you will constitute your acceptance of any changes or revisions to this Agreement.
Registration and Account Creation
You may be required to provide Eldes with a certain registration information. You agree and
						    represent that registration information provided by you is accurate.
						    If any of your registration information changes, you can update it by visiting the Eldes Cloud Services
						    under the following link
https://security.eldes.lt/
by logging
						    to your profile. Cloud Services requires password. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality
						    of your password and account, and you are responsible for all activities that occur under your password
						    or account.
License Grant
You may install and use a copy of the Software on your mobile device and/or computer. 
                            Eldes grants you no other rights or licenses, whether express or implied. You may not distribute, transfer, modify, sell, translate, sublicense, lease, rent, 
                            reverse engineer or otherwise attempt to discover the source code or make derivative works of the Software for thirdparties.
Changes of Product
Eldes may provide updates to the Software that are considered to be important or critical by Eldes, and in such case you may not continue 
						    using the previous version of the Software. 
						    Eldes also reserves the right to modify Eldes Cloud Services system without notice. 
						    The content of the Eldes Cloud Services (including its web and mobile applications) may be translated and provided by Eldes partners on local regions.
From time to time Eldes may, in its sole discretion, advise Licensee of upgrades, enhancements or improvements to the Software and/or new releases of the 
						    Software (collectively, "Enhancements"), and may allow Licensee to use such Enhancements upon and subject to payment of prices as may be established by 
						    Licensor from time to time. All such Enhancements to the Software provided to the Licensee shall also be governed by the terms of this License and the 
						    other terms of this Agreement.
Disclaimer of Warranty and Support
Eldes does not warrant that the Software will meet your requirements or expectations or that the operation of the Software will be 
                                uninterrupted and error free. No oral or written information or advice given by Eldes or any Eldes representative shall create a warranty. 
                                You acknowledge that the Software is not intended for use in any context where failure of the Software could lead to death, personal injury, 
                                or severe physical, environmental damage.
Limitation of Liability
Eldes disclaims any liability for the accuracy or correctness of the information in the Software and for any loss or damage caused by Eldes or 
						    the Software or any errors or omissions in the Software.
Termination
Eldes may at any time, at its own discretion for any or no reason, and without any warning or notice, edit or remove in whole or in 
						    part any Users account and User Generated Content and further to restrict Users use of all or any part of the Services. 
						    ELDES also reserves the right to block Users from certain IP addresses or device numbers and prevent access to the services, 
						    in case the user actions violate the terms and conditions of this agreement or laws, including the cases when he/she intentionally or 
						    inadvertently (e.g. due to the fault of the device connected to ELDES Cloud Services or virus distribution) may harm the stability and 
						    security of ELDES Cloud Services activity.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
This Agreement shall be construed and governed in accordance with the laws of the Republic of Lithuania.
The courts of the Republic of Lithuania will have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with this agreement. 
The parties irrevocably agree to submit to that jurisdiction.
Consent to personal data processing
UAB "ELDES" (hereinafter – ELDES) (code of legal entity: 300134714, registered address Ukmergės str. 283B-3, Vilnius, Lithuania) 
will collect your personal data in order to provide you with ELDES Cloud Services.
ELDES ensures security of your personal data by implementing security means which are required by the Law on Legal Protection of Personal Data and other legal requirements 
as well as best industry standards. ELDES employees who are handling your personal data have sufficient skills and knowledge, required to process personal data safely, 
furthermore, they are obliged to ensure the confidentiality of your personal data. Your personal data will not be transferred to any third parties, without your prior consent or 
other legal basis established in laws.
All personal information will be stored no longer than necessary to provide you with ELDES Cloud Services and comply with legal obligations under applicable laws. 
Once your personal information is no longer necessary to achieve the said purposes, it will be deleted.
We inform you that in accordance with the Law on Legal Protection of Personal Data you have the right to access to your personal data and familiarize with the processing of your 
personal data, as well as to demand rectification or destruction of your personal data or restriction of further processing of your personal data, with the exception of storage, 
where the data are processed not in compliance with the provisions of the Law on Legal Protection of Personal Data and other laws, and other data subjects rights established in the 
Law on Legal Protection of Personal Data.
When it comes to exercising the right to access your personal data, you may approach ELDES and obtain information pertaining to the types of the personal data we have collected, 
the purposes of personal data processing, the recipients of the personal data for the past year. This information shall be made available after your identity has been established by 
personnel of ELDES. Having received an inquiry regarding the processing of personal data, ELDES shall reply as to whether the related personal data are being processed and shall 
furnish you with the personal data requested within next 30 (thirty) days from the date of the first inquiry. Upon the request, such personal data shall be disclosed in writing and 
shall be made available free of charge once per one calendar year. Any charges applicable to issuing the aforementioned personal data shall not exceed the costs for ELDES to disclose 
the personal data.
If, after accessing personal data you find the personal data to be in error, incomplete or incorrect, you may contact ELDES, which shall immediately check the personal data and shall 
correct any erroneous, incomplete or incorrect personal data as per your request and/or shall suspend any actions related to the processing of such personal data other than storage thereof. 
ELDES shall notify you immediately of personal data correction, destruction or suspension of personal data processing actions done or not done on the basis of your request. 
The personal data shall be corrected and destroyed or personal data processing actions shall be suspended and other rights of data subject shall be executed on the basis of documents 
evidencing the identity of the data subject and their personal data, upon receiving the data subject’s application.
For aforementioned purposes ELDES will process following personal information:
1. Email address (mandatory);
2. Mobile phone number (optional).
All this information is provided to ELDES by you. All mandatory information is necessary for orderly functioning of ELDES Cloud service, therefore if you do not provide ELDES with 
mandatory information and object to processing of mandatory personal data ELDES will be unable to provide you with the best services.
The listed data will also be used for these purposes -  conducting surveys, informing about product changes and updates, invitations for trainings and other events.
Your personal data also can be stored for direct marketing purpose. Direct marketing – an activity intended for offering goods or services to individuals by telephone or any other 
direct means and/or inquiring their opinion about the offered goods or services.
In case you have any other questions contact us by email info@eldesalarms.com.
I agree with processing of my personal data.
agreement
downloads
faq
Contact
In order to use this webpage, you must enable JavaScript support in your webbrowser settings.