Feb 25, 2025
1. General aspects
This document ("Terms and Conditions") governs the relationship between eJobs Group S.R.L., a limited liability company with registered office at Bd. Dimitrie Pompeiu, Nr. 9-9A, Sector 2, Bucharest, Romania ("Company" or "We" or "Us") and persons who use for any purpose ("User") the website www.eJobs.ro ("Website" or "eJobs.ro Platform"), and/or the eJobs application.ro - Equivalent Jobs, which can be run on a mobile computing device, such as a smartphone and/or tablet, available in mobile application stores (such as Google Play or App Store) ("eJobs App"), and/or the services offered by the Company through the Website or the App ("Services").
Access to and use of the Site, the eJobs App, including any pages or component sections thereof, or any Services provided through the Site or the eJobs App, may be made only in accordance with this document, which includes the Data Privacy Policy and the Cookie Policy.
AT THE TIME OF REGISTRATION AND CREATION OF THE USER ACCOUNT IN ORDER TO USE THE SERVICES, WE WILL ASK THE USER TO EXPRESS HIS/HER AGREEMENT TO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS THROUGH A SPECIFIC ACTION, WHICH HAS THE MEANING OF AN UNEQUIVOCAL CONSENT (E.G. CHECKING THE SPECIFIC BOX "I HAVE READ AND AGREE TO THE EJOBS TERMS AND CONDITIONS").
BY CHECKING THIS BOX, THE USER:
A. EXPRESSLY AGREES TO ABIDE BY ALL THE TERMS OF THIS SET OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS, AS WELL AS ANY OTHER SPECIFIC TERMS AND CONDITIONS APPLICABLE TO THE SERVICES;
B. ACKNOWLEDGES THE CONDITIONS OF PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATA ACCORDING TO THE PRIVACY POLICY, WHICH IS AN INTEGRAL PART OF THIS SET OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS.
In order to ensure compliance with the conditions of access and use of the Services, all Users must check the Terms and Conditions of Use at the time of each access to the Site and/or the eJobs App.
Even if you fail to review the Terms and Conditions, but use the eJobs Platform or the eJobs App as a User (including as a Recruiting User or Candidate User), you will be deemed to have accepted this set of Terms and Conditions (including any updates thereto), unless, solely during the relevant reference period, your use is governed by specific rules that have been expressly communicated to you (e.g. use during the notice period for the entry into force of updates, if any).
If you do not agree to the provisions of these Terms and Conditions (including any updates thereto), please do not use, or as applicable, discontinue using the Site, the eJobs App or the Services offered by Us.
2. eJobs services
The services offered through the eJobs.ro Platform and the eJobs Application are addressed to (i) Users, individuals, who visit the eJobs Platform, (ii) Users who are looking for a job ("Candidate Users") and (iii) Users, legal entities or authorized individuals, who want to publish job advertisements or want to search for Candidate Users for certain jobs ("Recruiter Users").
eJobs services also include the following websites: https://www.wearehr.ro/, https://cariera.ejobs.ro/, https://primul-job.ro/, https://hrworld.ro/, https://employerbrandingacademy.ejobs.ro/, https://salario.ro, https://leap.ro/, https://cursuri-it.ejobs.ro/.
2.1. User account creation, passwords and responsibilities
Candidate Users can use certain facilities offered by the eJobs Platform without having a User account.
In order to benefit from all the Services offered by the eJobs Platform, Users (either Candidate Users or Recruiter Users) must create an account on the eJobs Platform by filling in the forms available in the "NEW ACCOUNT" interface.
In the case of Candidate Users, the creation of the User account can also be done through the User account on the social networking platform Facebook, in which case the eJobs Platform will retrieve certain public data of the User related to his/her Facebook account.
After completing the User account creation process, the User will receive on the e-mail address provided and on the telephone number provided in the registration process (account creation), the codes necessary for verifying and validating the contact data and the newly created account.
To use the Services offered by the eJobs Platform, it is necessary to:
A. provide true, accurate and complete information about yourself by filling in the fields in the registration form for creating a User account;
B. update, when the situation requires it, the registration data to be true, accurate and complete at all times. You agree to make this update no later than 30 days from the date the change occurred.
In the case of Recruiting Users, eJobs will verify the correctness of the tax code registered on the Ministry of Finance website, www.mfinante.ro. For legal entities, Recruiting Users are obliged to provide us with real information regarding name, e-mail address, telephone number, first and last name of contact person and tax code. Legal entities - Recruiting Users, having an active account on eJobs.ro, must be fiscally active (thus, Recruiting Users' companies cannot be deleted, suspended, liquidated). This criterion does not include insolvent companies.
Companies recruiting abroad are required to send a copy of the Certificate of Registration issued by the Trade Register with the field of activity regarding the placement and recruitment of personnel.
Recruiting Users who are based abroad are required, when registering on the Site, to fill in the dedicated field of the User account creation form, the valid VAT number and send us a copy of the document proving the tax registration in the country of residence.
By survey, eJobs consultants may request documents regarding the Recruiter User's field of activity, if the contact person is authorized to represent the Company, or may verify the accuracy of the telephone number indicated in the User account creation form.
If you provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate or incomplete, eJobs has the right to suspend or block your account and refuse all current or future attempts to use the eJobs Platform, subject to Sections 7, 8, 9, as applicable, of these Terms and Conditions, and to the extent permitted by law.
In case of misinformation or fraudulent attempts by Recruiting Users (including to obtain free advertisements or special offers granted by eJobs in marketing campaigns), eJobs has the right, at any time during the contractual relationship, to withdraw the offered free advertisements or to terminate the contractual relationship, without any additional liability to the Recruiting Users at fault, subject to Sections 7, 8, 9, as the case may be, of these Terms and Conditions, and within the limits of the law.
eJobs has NO obligation to verify in advance the materials published by Users. eJobs is not responsible, under the law, in any way for the information and data posted, disseminated or transmitted by its Users.
If requested to do so by a User or if it discovers signs of possible fraud, eJobs may investigate and verify the allegations and may decide whether the information in question should be removed, in compliance with the law and these Terms and Conditions.
2.2. Candidate Users
Candidate Users can create a User account only if they are at least 16 years old at the time of account creation. Access to the eJobs Platform and use of the Services is not permitted to persons under 16 years of age.
eJobs is an online recruitment platform that gives you the opportunity to create a CV in our database.
Also, as part of the Services offered, if you ask us (by e-mail or telephone), we can provide assistance through our consultants. With your express consent, one of our consultants will be able to create a User account on eJobs.ro for you (if you do not already have one), will be able to write the CV you need in your User account and, if you wish, with your express consent, will be able to apply with your CV to the jobs that suit you, presented, one by one, beforehand. You can then edit the information published in your User account at any time.
CVs uploaded to the eJobs Platform, as well as your contact details, can then be made available to Recruiting Users for employment purposes. In this respect, Candidate Users have three options:
a. You can register your CV in our database. When you register your user account, your CV data is automatically set as public. You can later make them confidential. Even if you set your CV as confidential, you can still apply for jobs, but your CV will only be viewable by the User Recruiters who acquired your CV while it was still public, and by the User Recruiters to whose ads you applied or will apply.
b. You can make your CV public on the eJobs Platform - in this case, Recruiters who have access to the eJobs Platform database will have access to your CV. If they wish, they can ask us to unlock your contact details and you will be contacted by them in the event of an interview or job offer. In order to make your CV public, you can use the 'Public CV for employers' option, available in the 'My CV - CV visibility' section. You can always change your option later and make your CV confidential by using the 'Hidden CV for employers' option available in the 'My CV - CV visibility' section.
c. You can make your CV public on the Internet, through social networks and search services such as Google.com, search.yahoo.com and others - your CV will be available through these search engines, as well as other online search engines or sources on the Internet. However, your contact details (name, e-mail, telephone, address) entered on eJobs.ro will not be visible on these search engines. In order to have access to this data, the persons accessing your CV on Internet search engines must, however, create a User account on the eJobs Platform, publish a job advertisement to which you apply or purchase your CV if you have set the 'Public CV for employers' option. For this, you can use the 'Public CV for employers' option, available in the 'My CV - CV visibility' section.
We try to limit access to our database only to employers, HR firms, personnel managers, HR specialists, but we do not guarantee that other third parties cannot access our database. eJobs does not assume responsibility for the use of CVs by third parties who have accessed your CVs while they are in our database.
You can choose to hide your CV in our database at any time or, if you wish, delete your User account itself. If you hide your CV from the database or delete your User account, Recruiters will no longer have access to your data.
However, as part of the Services provided by the eJobs Platform, Recruiting Users who have accessed the CV access facility may download or transmit the information available on the eJobs Platform to their own storage media. In this case, even if we delete your data from our database, Recruiting Users will still be able to access your data if they have downloaded, copied or extracted it from the eJobs Platform database. As operators, Recruiters are independently responsible for the way they use your data that they access through the eJobs Platform.
Some companies that choose to advertise their recruitment ads through the eJobs platform may find it easier to present a misleading, incomplete, incorrect or aggressively targeted reality. These rules require fairness on the part of employers, but not all Recruiting Users choose to follow the rules. You should, therefore, exercise discretion before using the information contained in these advertisements, before going for an interview, before hiring yourself or undertaking an investment or any other action involving the use of your own or third parties' funds or resources. Please contact us if you become aware of such advertisements through our electronic Illegal Content Notification form under Section 3.4 - 3.5 of these Terms and Conditions, for reporting an advertisement with illegal content, or for any other reports and reasons to contact us under Section 3.13 of these Terms and Conditions.
Please note that your contact details (name, e-mail, phone, address) entered on eJobs.ro will be available to Recruiters and will be used in the recruitment process. In this regard, given the legitimacy of the purpose, upon acceptance of these Terms and Conditions, you should note that you agree to receive SMS messages as part of the application / recruitment process.
2.3. User Recruiters
eJobs will provide password access to the User account created on the eJobs Platform. Through eJobs, User Recruiters can search and select Candidate Users for employment.
2.3.1. How to publish recruitment advertisements (jobs) on the eJobs Platform
Job advertisements can be posted on the eJobs Platform for a fixed period. Depending on the advertisement purchased (or received for free as part of a campaign), it may be valid for 7 or 30 days, with the possibility of extension. Subsequently, your advertisement is sent by e-mail to all Candidate Users who match the job profile and who are subscribed to such notifications. The job profile in the advertisement validated for publication (the Recruiting User has clicked on the publish advertisement button) cannot be changed after the advertisement has been posted on the eJobs Platform and/or has been sent to the Candidate Users. Subsequent changes can be made, upon request, with the help of the eJobs consultant dedicated to your company. eJobs ads can be published for a maximum of 5 cities and can include a maximum of 2 foreign languages as requirements.
To post a job in the MLM industry (AVON, ORIFLAME, others), or jobs as a BANKING/INSURANCE PARTNER or other COLLABORATOR roles, you need to place an order for at least one ad and confirm the payment of the proforma invoice. For ads in the videochat industry or similar fields, you must order Premium and Video ads. Once you send us the payment confirmation, you'll be able to immediately publish the desired job. Ads for videochat  operators or similar roles are only accepted on our website if they have been posted by legal entities. The Company reserves the right to moderate the respective ad or take any restrictive measures according to the law and these Terms and Conditions.
2.3.2. "Free ads" policy and special discounts
eJobs may offer, at its option, free credits for publishing job advertisements on the eJobs Platform or special discounts on its products and services, the offers being available only to Recruiters registered for the first time on the eJobs Platform, who have correctly and completely filled in the registration data, provided that there is no suspicion of fraud in the system. For example, if the registration is made at the time when the eJobs Platform offers free testing services, these services will be valid only for the first registration of a company/group of companies/contact person, and not for subsequent registrations of related accounts, eJobs reserving the right to refuse to grant such a free service in case of identification with a company that has already benefited from such an advertisement.
Following internal analysis of newly registered Recruiters on the eJobs Platform, we reserve the right to refuse to grant free credits and special discounts.
Free advertisements can have the same time validity as paid advertisements and can only be published in the name of the Recruiting User registered on the eJobs Platform.
We also reserve the right to refuse to publish or to censor, in accordance with the law and these Terms and Conditions, advertisements that are contrary to law or morality, or that contain offensive language. For example, we reserve the right to moderate the content or to apply any restriction measures in accordance with the law and these Terms and Conditions, with respect to ads for videochat, erotic massage or similar operators.
In this regard, you accept and agree that you will abide by the rule of good faith when designing and publishing the recruitment advertisement. Thus, you undertake not to publish incomplete, incorrect or discriminatory advertisements and not to subsequently make the selection of Candidate Users conditional on those rules set out in the published recruitment advertisement and on compliance with the applicable legislation. You also undertake to comply with all the conditions and limitations mentioned in Section 2.4 of these Terms and Conditions.
In the event that you fail to comply with these rules, you understand and agree that eJobs has the right to restrict your access to its Services in accordance with Sections 7, 8, 9, as applicable, of these Terms and Conditions. In the event of restricted access for Recruiters who have accessed paid Services, they shall be entitled to a refund of the portion of the fee corresponding to the restricted period.
eJobs may also choose to offer "free ads" to already registered Recruiters or special discounts in certain marketing campaigns. The conditions and details of the granting of such freebies or discounts will be announced punctually on the occasion of each campaign.
2.3.3. Choose to search for CVs in the public CV database on the eJobs Platform eJobs Platform (Access CV service)
Choose one of the price packages corresponding to the number of CVs you can view in the eJobs Platform database. Pay the price of the Service. You can search through all public CVs in our database. You can view as many CVs as you want, without contact details. Depending on the Access CV package chosen, you can view the contact details of a certain number of CVs.
In all cases, you understand and agree that you will only use the data contained in the CVs of Candidate Users for the sole purpose of recruitment.
Some candidates who have chosen to enter their CVs into the eJobs Platform database may find it easier to present a misleading, incomplete, incorrect or aggressively targeted reality. You should, therefore, be discerning before using the information contained in these CVs, before making an employment, investment or any other action involving the use of your own or third parties' funds or resources. Please contact us if you become aware of the existence of such CVs through our electronic Notification of Illegal Content form under Section 3.4 - 3.5 of these Terms and Conditions, for reporting a CV with illegal content, or for any other reports and reasons to contact us under Section 3.13 of these Terms and Conditions.
2.3.4. Subscriptions, payment of subscriptions and other transactions
Access to some of the Services provided to Recruiters may be permitted only after payment of a subscription fee. All payments, including the fees applicable to such payments, may be made by online payment by credit card, on the basis of a proforma invoice or, at your request, on the basis of a tax invoice to the account indicated by eJobs, at the BNR exchange rate on the date of issue of the proforma. At this time, Recruiting Users representing foreign companies can purchase eJobs services and products only by online payment by card. Access to some of the Services will not be allowed until the transfer of money to the eJobs account is confirmed.
The eJobs platform can be used by some of its business partners as a basis for selling or promoting products and services. In this situation, the contract that will govern the contract between you and the respective product and service provider will be concluded between you and the respective product and service provider, and not between you and eJobs.
In the event that you wish to discontinue providing the service to you, you understand and agree that payments already made are not and will not be refunded.
The services provided by eJobs are based on a certain number of public advertisements or CVs with contact details. eJobs may change the price set for the provision of the service, as well as any other clause of these Terms and Conditions, at the end of the initial contract period.
You accept and agree that the services purchased will be used within a maximum of 24 months from the date of the tax invoice. Unused services lose their validity and will be deleted from the Recruiter's user account after 24 months from the date of the invoice. In addition, by using the services, you accept and agree that you will have access to the CVs saved in your account, either by applying the candidates to your advertisements or by manually unlocking them from the eJobs database, for a limited time only. In order to protect the personal data of Candidate Users, eJobs reserves the right to remove CVs that are more than 12 months old from the initial storage of the CVs from the accounts of employers, without any prior notification to the Recruiting Users.
You accept and agree that any delay in payment of monies to eJobs will constitute a breach of these Terms and Conditions. Provided that eJobs reserves the right to take such other action as may be permitted by law or contract, you agree and understand that you will PAY IN FULL TO EJOBS ALL COSTS AND EXPENSES WHICH MAY RESULT IN CONNECTION WITH THE RECOVERY OR ENDEAVOURMENT OF SUCH UNPAID MONEY.
You accept and agree that the publication of an advertisement on the eJobs Website prior to making a payment to eJobs is tantamount to entering into a contractual relationship with eJobs, giving rise to the equivalent obligation to pay for that advertisement, unless the advertisement has been provided free of charge as part of a marketing campaign.
After the expiry of the agreed payment term of a proforma invoice, as stated in the invoice, eJobs is entitled to restrict access to the eJobs Platform until payment has been made. Failure to pay on time may give rise to the calculation of late payment penalties in the amount of 0.1% per day of delay, calculated until full payment.
This has no repercussions on the advertisements that will remain active: candidates will still be able to apply to the company's active advertisements and you will have access to their CVs after payment.
2.3.5. Access to the Recruiter User account for other people within the same organization
The Recruiter User account allows setting access to other persons (e.g. employees, collaborators) to the notifications sent by the Company to the Recruiter User account. The Recruiting User is responsible for the collection of personal data of those persons, in particular for informing and obtaining consent (or identifying another legitimate basis) for the transmission to the Company of personal data used for the transmission of such communications.
2.4. Publishing CVs/recruitment advertisements via the eJobs Platform. Conditions for User Published Content
The eJobs Platform is a communication platform between Users, who are responsible for the content of the information of any kind provided by and stored on behalf of Users and published on the eJobs Platform (CVs, recruitment advertisements, etc.), hereinafter referred to as "User Published Content".
The User is solely responsible for the Content Published by the User. To this end, you should be aware that posting and sending messages via the eJobs Platform are actions that are subject to the following conditions and limitations:
a. The advertisements published must be complete, containing all information or conditions related to the advertisement. An advertisement corresponds to a single position, but may refer to multiple positions if the recruiter is looking to hire more than one person to fill the same role in the company.
b. You may NOT publish, transmit or refer to any type of message that may contain a form that is unanimously recognized in society as "advertising," for various categories of goods and services.
c. You may NOT publish, transmit or recommend to Users any unsolicited commercial messages, whether or not such sending is done through the communication systems made available by eJobs or through other means of communication, but using data obtained through the eJobs Platform.
d. You may NOT publish, transmit or refer in any way in advertisements to messages that contain recommendations to buy or not to buy a particular product or service, except in legitimate situations where courses required for employment are mentioned. You also may not post or refer in any way to messages that contain confidential information, whether or not marked "confidential" or otherwise, or messages that are intended to affect the price, image or market value of a product or service. You may not publish job advertisements within the AVON, ORIFLAME or similar networks, or job advertisements for bank employees, unless you have purchased at least one advertisement in advance. For ads in the videochat industry or similar fields, you must order Premium and Video ads.
e. You may NOT post, transmit or refer in any way to messages that contain illegal, threatening, abusive, indecent, discriminatory or in any way violate the rights of third parties or legal provisions.
f. You may NOT post, transmit or refer in any way to messages that contain viruses or any other code sequences that are known to be destructive or that may disrupt, eliminate or limit the functionality of the eJobs Platform or any other computer systems (hardware or software).
g. You may NOT collect, in any way, personally identifiable information from eJobs users or members, except for the sole and direct purpose of accessing the Services provided by eJobs (i.e. applying to a job advertisement posted by a Recruiting User or contacting Candidate Users in the recruitment process).
h. You may NOT restrict or remove other Users' access to the communication platforms provided by eJobs.
i. You may NOT publish, transmit or refer in any way to messages whose source is hidden.
j. You may NOT post, transmit or refer to any "pyramid game" or any other activity intended to mislead any person, or any activity similar to acts that have been proven in the past to have the potential to be criminal or to mislead a User of the eJobs Services.
k. You may NOT provide information that is untrue, inaccurate or incomplete.
l. You may NOT undertake attempts to defraud Recruiters (including to obtain free advertisements or special offers granted by eJobs as part of marketing campaigns.
m. You can NOT present a misleading, incomplete, incorrect or aggressively biased reality.
n. You may NOT post ads for videochat operators, erotic massage or similar, except as provided in Article 2.3.1, namely only if they have been posted by legal entities and only subject to moderation by the undersigned.
o. You may NOT post ads that are contrary to public decency or contain foul language.
p. You may NOT publish incorrect or discriminatory advertisements and you may not subsequently make the selection of Candidate Users conditional on anything other than those rules set out in the published recruitment advertisement and compliance with the relevant applicable legislation.
q. You may not post material that violates any other provision of these Terms and Conditions, and eJobs may remove it from the eJobs Platform in accordance with the law and these Terms and Conditions.
By posting User Content on or through the eJobs Platform, you agree that you are solely responsible for and will indemnify eJobs for any damages, costs or profit limitations arising from your posting, transmitting or referencing of messages whose content violates the terms and limitations described above.
Some Users may find it easier to break the rules set out in this set of Terms and Conditions, and, as a result, some of the messages published may present a misleading, incomplete, incorrect or aggressively targeted reality. You should, therefore, exercise discretion before using the information contained in these messages to make an investment or any other action involving the use of your own or third parties' funds or resources. The image presented by the messages published may sometimes be different from reality.
3. Content moderation and illegal content notices
1.  The Company has no general obligation to monitor User Content or to actively search for facts or circumstances indicating illegal activity or incompatibility of User Content with the rights of third parties, these Terms and Conditions or other legal provisions. However, the Company reserves the right to conduct voluntary investigations on its own initiative to detect, identify and remove or disable access to illegal or incompatible User Published Content and to take any action required by law and/or these Terms and Conditions.
2.  Advertisements checked by the Company for possible mistakes and discriminatory content contained in the text of the respective Advertisements will be marked with the label "Checked Advertisement"). However, the Company does not at any time guarantee the content of the Advertisements, including those checked by the Company, and the provisions of Sections 7 - 10 of these Terms and Conditions remain fully applicable.
3.  User agrees to cooperate and assist Company in good faith, to provide Company with requested information and to take any action reasonably requested by Company with respect to any investigation undertaken by Company regarding User Published Content on the eJobs Website and Application or the use thereof, including following the submission of a Notice of Illegal Content.
4.  The Company provides Users and third parties, including trusted notifiers designated in accordance with Article 22 of the Regulation (EU) 2022/2065 on a single market for digital services and amending Directive 2000/31/EC (Digital Services Regulation) (hereinafter "DSA"), with the means to notify the Company of allegedly illegal content directly on the eJobs Website and App, using our electronic notification form ("Illegal Content Notification"). The electronic notification form is available (i) either within the Ad/CV by accessing the "Report Illegal Content" button, or (ii) within the Illegal Content notification form accessible by selecting the "Report Illegal Content" button at the bottom of the footer of the eJobs Website and Application.
5.  To the extent possible, the reporting person shall provide, by filling in the fields of the Notification of Illegal Content form, all data necessary for the Company to identify the illegal content, taking into account the provisions of Article 16 para. (2) of the DSA, namely the following information, as required in the notification form:
(a)   a sufficiently substantiated explanation of why the reporting person claims that the information in question constitutes illegal content;
(b)  the exact URL or URLs of the content, or, if necessary, additional information allowing the identification of illegal content;
(c)   the name and e-mail address of the person submitting the notification (according to the instructions in the form);
(d)   a statement confirming that the person submitting the notification has a good faith belief that the information and representations contained in the notification are accurate and complete.
In the event that the required fields on the Notification of Illegal Content form are not completed in full or properly, the Company may be unable to identify the alleged illegal content or take action on the notification received. For example, for certain types of notified information (e.g. infringements of intellectual property rights), without the identity of the person submitting a notification, it may not be possible to determine whether the information in question constitutes illegal content or not.
6.   The Company will acknowledge receipt of the Notice of Illegal Content to the e-mail address provided in the form. If the electronic contact details of the person submitting a Notification of Illegal Content are not provided, the Company will not be able to send an acknowledgement of receipt of the Notification to that person.
7.   The Company shall make decisions on the information to which the notifications relate in a timely, diligent, unbiased and objective manner.
8.  The Company shall notify the individual or entity concerned of the decision it has taken in relation to the information to which the notification relates, in accordance with the law, providing information on possible remedies in relation to the decision.
9.   The Company may request additional information and data from the person who submitted a Notification of illegal content to the extent that it is necessary for the resolution of the notification received and if contact details of the person who submitted the notification have been provided.
10.   As part of its own investigations and/or review of Notices of Illegal Content or other notices and reports, the Company uses various processes and tools to identify, review and moderate User Content. This may include human review, automated review, or a combination of both. In the event that automated means will be used to process Notifications of illegal content or to make decisions regarding such Notifications, the Company will inform the User of the use of automated means, in the decision mentioned in paragraph 3. 8 above and/or in other situations provided by law.
11.   The Company shall suspend the processing of Notices of illegal content that are manifestly unfounded under Section 9 of these Terms and Conditions.
12.   The person who has sent a notification has the right to lodge a complaint about the decisions taken by the Company in relation to the notification received, under the terms of Section 8 of these Terms and Conditions.
13.   For clarity, only our electronic Illegal Content Notification form will be used for reporting illegal content.
14.   For all other reports that are not subject to this Section 3 or the requirements imposed by the DSA, Users may contact the Company via the contact form or telephone, available in the Contact section of the Site and the eJobs App.
15. Here you can consult the
Transparency Report regarding illegal content moderation
.
4. User Account Protection (Candidate User or Recruiter User)
Your access to your eJobs Platform User account is password protected. We recommend that you do not disclose this password to anyone. The eJobs Platform will never ask for your account password in unsolicited messages or phone calls. Furthermore, we recommend that you log out of your User account (i.e. sign out) at the end of each session. We also advise you to close the browser window in which you have been working at the end of your navigation on eJobs. If you are using the eJobs.ro - Jobs mobile application, we recommend that you take additional protective measures to prevent unauthorized access to the mobile devices you are using (e.g.: mobile device password protection).
These tips are designed to help you avoid unauthorized access to your personal information or correspondence.
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your information and password. You will be responsible for the use of your record, whether such use is made with or without your consent. You agree to notify eJobs of any unauthorized access to your registration data on the eJobs Platform. The Company shall not be liable for any moral or material damage caused by your failure to comply with the security measures relating to the data used to access the eJobs Platform.
5. Intellectual property protection
The content and design of the eJobs Platform (as well as any other material related to eJobs) sent to you by e-mail or provided to you in any other way (such as, for example: articles, designs, newsletters and any other material which we will hereinafter refer to as "eJobs Content"), belong to eJobs and its collaborators, whether the author is specified or not, and are protected by intellectual property law. Articles published on dedicated content platforms (e.g. "eJobs Career", "We are HR", etc.) may not be produced by eJobs, in which case the intellectual property rights pertaining thereto belong exclusively to the eJobs collaborators who produced them.
You may not use, reproduce or allow anyone else to use or reproduce such materials without written permission from eJobs or its contributors who own an intellectual property right in that section of content on the eJobs Platform. It is also forbidden to reproduce in any way, in whole or in part, the information contained in Candidates' CVs and in Companies' recruitment advertisements, without the prior written consent of eJobs.
You may use the content of the eJobs Platform only for your and your company's use, in accordance with the purpose for which you registered on the eJobs Platform. Except as stated above, the content of the eJobs Platform may not be reproduced, modified and exploited for any commercial or non-commercial purpose.
Actions of the type described below are not permitted without prior written permission from eJobs:
a. reproducing or storing content, and sending this content to any other site, server or any other information storage medium.
b. modifying, publishing, transmitting, as well as participating in the transfer, sale, distribution of materials made by reproducing, modifying or displaying content, without obtaining prior written permission from us.
c. removal of the insignia that signify the intellectual property right of eJobs on the content.
Any use of the content of the eJobs platform for purposes other than those expressly permitted herein is prohibited. Requests for use of the content for purposes other than those expressly permitted herein may be sent to the e-mail address: contact@ejobs.ro.
It is also prohibited to use automated means, including scripts, bots, robots, spiders, crawlers and/or any other computer applications/programs, that may deceive or simulate certain activities or statuses on the eJobs Platform or in any way exploit certain functions or vulnerabilities of the eJobs Platform in order to obtain advantages, for oneself or for other Users or third parties, with respect to the use of the eJobs Platform or the access and use of any Services.
6. Protection of personal data
The Company treats the confidentiality of Users' personal data seriously. The privacy policy and the aspects of how the Company processes the personal data of Users (including representatives of Recruiters) are described in the Privacy Policy section.
It should also be mentioned that the Recruiting Users act as personal data controllers, according to the applicable legislation, and that, in this capacity, they have a series of correlative rights and obligations regarding the personal data of the Candidate Users accessed through the eJobs Platform.
WHEN USING THE SERVICES OFFERED THROUGH THE EJOBS PLATFORM, RECRUITING USERS ACCEPT AND AGREE TO ABIDE BY THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET OUT IN THE PERSONAL DATA PROCESSING AGREEMENT, WHICH FORMS AN INTEGRAL PART OF THIS SET OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS. WHEN YOU CREATE A RECRUITER USER ACCOUNT, THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS WILL INCLUDE AS AN ATTACHMENT THE PERSONAL DATA PROCESSING AGREEMENT, WHICH IS THEN AVAILABLE IN YOUR ACCOUNT. USER.
Also, in the case of Recruiting Users located in third countries that are not recognised as having an adequate level of protection, they will only be able to access the personal data of Candidate Users on the basis of an agreed set of standard contractual clauses, concerning the introduction of an alternative set of standard contractual clauses for the transfer of personal data to third countries approved by the EU Commission. The Personal Data Processing Agreement will also include a set of standard contractual clauses that must be accepted by such a Recruiting User before it can access Candidate Users' data.
In the absence of standard contractual clauses signed with the Recruiting User, the transfer may only be made on the basis of other mechanisms ensuring adequate safeguards under Article 46 of the GDPR or if the transfer is necessary for the performance of a contract with the data subject (i.e. when the Candidate User applies directly to a job advertisement published by a Recruiting User located in a third country).
7. Modifications, restriction measures and suspension of access
1. eJobs reserves the right to suspend, modify, add or delete portions of the eJobs platform content at any time.
2. Also, following investigations on its own initiative, following Notices of Illegal Content or other notifications received, the Company may take additional investigative measures or measures to restrict User Published Content in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
3. The Company may take verification measures to establish the circumstances of the case, acting proportionately and reasonably, including, for example, by contacting the person who reported, the author of the User Published Content (if the Company knows their contact details), the competent authority or an external consultant.
4. Depending on the seriousness of the alleged violation, the Company may immediately deactivate such content, in particular, the Ad or the CV, as well as all related promotional services. In the event of deactivation, the content will not be visible or available to persons using the eJobs.ro Website and Application.
5. The Company may immediately take any restrictive measure with respect to an illegal User Published Content upon receipt of an order to that effect issued by the competent authorities pursuant to Article 9 of the DSA. In such a case, if it knows the relevant electronic contact details, the Company shall, in accordance with the law, inform the User responsible for the unlawfully restricted User Published Content in any way of the order received and the manner in which the order has been acted upon, the reasons for the decision, possible remedies and a description of the territorial scope of the order.
6. In the event of non-compliance by Users with the legal provisions or the Terms and Conditions of use of the eJobs Website and Application, the Company reserves the right to take, at the time chosen by the Company (unless a specific time limit for restriction is imposed by law or these Terms and Conditions), and depending on the seriousness of the violation, the following measures of restriction:
·       refusal to publish or censorship of non-compliant User Published Content.
·       deletion of certain non-conforming elements of User Published Content.
·       deactivation of the Ads.
·       restricting Users' access to one of its communication platforms.
·      restricting Users' access to part or all of the content of the eJobs Website and/or Application. In this regard, eJobs may block your access, use of the Services or use of any of its other services.
·       suspending or blocking your account.
·       refusal of current or future attempts to use the eJobs Platform.
·       withdrawal of the offered freebies.
·    termination of the contractual relationship (in situations such as repeated publication of advertisements with illegal content, publication of misleading job advertisements, such as those that do not actually represent a job offer or that improperly request money from candidates, repeated suspension applied under Section 9 of these Terms and Conditions, etc.).
7.  The Company shall suspend the provision of the Services to Users who frequently provide User Published Content that is unlawful under Section 9 of these Terms and Conditions.
8.  The Company may also block the Recruiting User's access to the account created on eJobs for an unlimited period of time, if the Recruiting User has repeatedly published advertisements with illegal content and/or misleading job advertisements, such as those that do not actually represent a job offer or that improperly solicit money from candidates, or in respect of which the Company has repeatedly applied suspension under Section 9 of these Terms and Conditions.
9.  If the Company knows the relevant electronic contact details, the User in respect of whom the Company has applied a restriction shall be informed at the latest at the time of the application of the restriction (or within the period provided for by law, if the law provides for a specific period, in relation to the type of restriction imposed and the status of the User) of the details of the restriction, the reasons for the decision taken, the legal or contractual grounds violated, the possible remedies, with the exception of orders received from the competent authorities or in the event of widely circulated misleading commercial content. For the avoidance of doubt, the affected User always has the right to an effective remedy before a court of law against a restriction decision taken by the Company.
10.  The Company may take any action it reasonably deems necessary to comply with applicable law, order or request of a court of law and/or competent authority/institution. The Company will inform the competent authorities if the Company becomes aware of information that creates a suspicion that a crime involving a threat to the life or safety of one or more persons has occurred, is occurring or is likely to occur.
11.  The affected user who disagrees with the restriction decision taken by the Company has the right to file a complaint in accordance with the provisions of Section 8 of these Terms and Conditions.
12.  The Company may provide data on the User and the Content at the order of the competent authorities, including in accordance with Article 10 of the DSA, and may transmit data on notifications received to Users affected by the measures taken in relation to those notifications.
13. The Company shall inform the User acting in a commercial or professional capacity (hereinafter referred to as "Professional User"), as set out in Section 7.9 above, in the event of any restriction, suspension or termination of the provision of its Services to such Professional User.
14.  If the Company decides to stop providing the Services to a User entirely, the Company shall send the User the notice as set out in Section 7.9 above at least 30 days prior to the termination taking effect. However, the Company shall not be obliged to act in accordance with this Section 7.14 if a compelling legal reason or a legal or regulatory obligation allows the Company to do so, or if the Professional User has repeatedly breached these Terms and Conditions, leaving unaffected the right of that Professional User to an effective remedy before a court of law.
15.  For any reason other than the application of a restriction/suspension/termination measure under Section 7.2 - 7.14 above, eJobs may, without any further notice or formality, and without the need to explain its attitude, suspend or terminate your access to the content of the eJobs Platform or any part thereof. In this regard, eJobs may block your access to, use of the Services or use of any of its other services that you benefit from, or remove and delete any material from the Services. In such cases, eJobs may also, at any time and without notice, discontinue providing the Services, or any part thereof, with or without notice.
16.  In this case, the provisions of Section 2.3.4 of the Terms and Conditions shall apply where applicable. In the event of restriction of Users' access to paid services, they understand and agree that the only claims they may make against eJobs are limited to requesting reimbursement of the portion of the fee corresponding to the restricted period, the provisions of Section 8 of these Terms and Conditions and the right to an effective remedy before a court of law remaining fully applicable.
8. Internal complaints resolution system
1.  Users and persons who have sent a notification to the Company have the right to lodge a complaint about decisions taken by the Company in relation to the notification received or in relation to decisions restricting illegal or incompatible content with these Terms and Conditions.
2.  The complaint may be filed within six months from the date of receipt of the restriction decision by the User concerned or from the date on which the notifier is informed of the decision taken by the Company regarding the notification sent.
3.  The complaint may be filed within the Company's internal complaint resolution system by submitting it electronically to dsa@ejobsgroup.ro, according to the instructions provided in the decision or statement of reasons provided by the Company.
4.  The Company suspends the processing of complaints from Users and notifiers in accordance with Section 9 below.
5.  If the complainant has not provided the Company with all the data necessary to identify the issues raised and resolve the complaint, the Company may notify the complainant of the missing information and the Company may grant the complainant a period of time to clarify/comply.
6.  The Company shall handle complaints filed through its internal complaint resolution system in a timely, non-discriminatory, diligent, and non-binding manner, in compliance with Article 20 DSA.
7.  Complaints/submissions will be investigated and will be responded to within a reasonable period set by the Company according to the situation.
8.   The Company may cancel the restriction decision or follow up the notification received if the Company considers that the complaint is well-founded, in accordance with Article 20 para. (4) DSA.
9.  The complainant dissatisfied with the Company's resolution of the complaint has the right to select an out-of-court dispute resolution body certified in accordance with Article 21 of the DSA to resolve disputes related to the measures, including complaints that have not been resolved through our complaint management system. The Company and the complainant will cooperate, in good faith, with the dispute resolution body selected to resolve the dispute. The Company reserves the right to refuse to cooperate with the dispute resolution body if a dispute concerning the same content and the reasons for the alleged illegality of the content or its alleged inconsistency with these Terms and Conditions has already been resolved or is already the subject of ongoing proceedings before a competent court of law or other competent out-of-court dispute resolution body.
10.  Nothing in these Terms and Conditions shall affect the right to an effective remedy before a court of law.
9. Misuse Policy
1.  The Company suspends the provision of the Services for a reasonable period of time to Recruiters who frequently provide content that is manifestly illegal. The Company will deem Content to be manifestly illegal if it is obvious to a layperson, without conducting any substantive analysis, that such Content is illegal, the Company will issue a warning prior to such suspension.
2.  When deciding on such suspension, the Company shall take into account all relevant facts and circumstances arising from information available to the Company including (a) the absolute number of items of content allegedly illegal transmitted in a given time period; (b) the relative proportion of that number to the total number of information provided in a given time frame; (c) the seriousness of the misuse, including the nature of the illegal content, and its consequences; (d) the intent of the User who provided the illegal Content, to the extent that this can be determined by the Company.
3.  For example, the Company may consider the following aggravating circumstances when deciding on such suspension:
·     if the Recruiting User has a history of repeatedly providing Content in violation of legal provisions;
·     if the Recruiting User continues to provide illegal Content despite previous warnings and measures applied by the Company;
·       if the illegal content involves violence, discrimination, fraud, criminal activities;
·       if the Recruiting User has acted with clear intent to spread illegal Content;
·    if the Recruiting User has attempted to manipulate the security measures of the eJobs Platform/ App to continue publishing illegal Content;
·     if the Recruiting User has engaged in conduct that has caused significant harm to other Users, has placed the eJobs Platform/ Application in an unfavorable light or has created an unsafe or hostile environment for other Users.
4.  The Company may also consider the following mitigating circumstances when deciding on such suspension:
·    The Recruiting User has a history of cooperating with the Company, especially when receiving warnings, and/or providing Content in compliance with the law;
·       The Recruiter has taken proactive steps to remedy previous violations.
5.  The Company shall suspend the processing of Unlawful Content Notices for a reasonable period of time if the Notifier in question frequently sends notices that are manifestly unfounded. The Company will issue a warning prior to such suspension. When deciding on such suspension, the Company will take into account all relevant facts and circumstances resulting from information available to the Company including (i) the amount, severity and frequency of unfounded notifications; (ii) the ratio of unfounded notifications to all notifications by the notifier; and (iii) the intentions pursued by the notifier, to the extent that these can be determined by the Company.
6.  The Company shall suspend the processing of complaints from Users and notifiers for a reasonable period of time if they frequently submit complaints that are manifestly unfounded. The Company will issue a warning prior to such suspension. When deciding on such suspension, the Company shall take into account all relevant facts and circumstances resulting from information available to the Company, including (i) the amount, severity and frequency of unfounded complaints; (ii) the ratio of unfounded complaints to all complaints; and (iii) the User's or notifier's intended intentions, to the extent that the Company can determine.
7.  The Company will determine the length of suspension on a case-by-case basis, depending on the circumstances of the case, for example:
a)    For minor violations: temporary suspension for 7 days;
b)    For moderate violations: temporary suspension for 15 days;
c)    For serious violations: temporary suspension for 30 days.
10. Lack of warranty and disclaimer
Although we make every effort at all times to ensure the quality and accuracy of the data published on the eJobs platform, eJobs cannot guarantee that the information submitted by Candidate Users in their CVs is accurate, complete and up-to-date, just as it cannot guarantee this with regard to the information submitted by Recruiter Users in job advertisements published on the eJobs platform. To the extent permitted by applicable law, eJobs shall not be held liable, in any event, for any damages, whether direct or indirect, for any direct or indirect loss of profit (including, but not limited to: damages for loss of profit, business interruption, or other pecuniary damages), suffered as a result of the use or interruption of use or lack of regularity of the information and Services provided by eJobs.
eJobs does not guarantee the accuracy, correctness or timeliness of the information or Services provided by eJobs. Further, eJobs does not warrant that the computer systems or programs used by eJobs for displaying or transmitting information on the eJobs Platform or otherwise, are free of viruses or other destructive code sequences or other destructive properties. What we can guarantee, however, is that our team will always seek to provide the most up-to-date information and ensure the highest level of security for all users of the eJobs Platform.
To the extent permitted by applicable law, you agree to hold eJobs harmless for any judicial or extrajudicial actions and to cover court costs and any other expenses that may arise as a result of your breach of the terms of this set of Terms and Conditions.
11.  Recommendation systems
1.  eJobs uses referral systems to display information on the eJobs Website and App in a more relevant way. To make it as easy as possible for you to find a suitable Ad, each filtering and recommendation factor may be more (or less) important in different cases, depending on what we think is most likely to produce a list of Ads you might want to view.
2.  Ads published on the eJobs Website and Application are displayed to Users based on dedicated filters/criteria, which allow the selection of sorting principles. The display and sorting criteria and filters used in the eJobs Website/Application allow:
a.  Display and sort the Ads based on a system that takes into account the search criteria (keywords entered by the User in the Ads search field) and specific filters pre-defined by the Company and selected by the User (such as job type, industry, field, education level, salary, city).
b.  Display and sort the Ads according to relevance (the default way of presenting User Published Content);
c.    Displaying and sorting the Ads according to the date on which they were published on the Website and the eJobs Application, i.e. displaying the Ads starting with the most recent publication date, up to the most distant date in time;
d.    Display and sort the ads according to distance. Selecting this criterion allows the display of the Ads closest to the User performing the search. To apply this criterion, we need the User's permission for geolocation by selecting the button available on the page related to this criterion.
3. Under the relevance-based display criteria mentioned in point 11.2.b above, the Company uses the following 6 parameters for suggesting Ads (in order of relative importance):
·
Keyword:
Ads that contain keywords searched for more than once and in more than one section by Users appear higher in the search results. In this way, we want to ensure that a User can more easily find the ads that are most relevant to their search.
·
Type of Ad published by the Recruiting User:
The degree of visibility of an Ad is influenced by the type of service contracted by the Recruiting User (Standard/ Sprint/ Business/ Premium/ Video). Basically, an ad published under the Standard service will appear lower in the search results than an ad published under the Premium service.
·
Low number of applicants:
Ads with few applicants become more prominent, for a more equal distribution of candidates, in order to increase the chances that a User's application will be considered by a potential employer.
·
Increased number of applicants:
Advertisements with many applicants become less prominent, for a more equal distribution of candidates, in order to increase the chances that a User's application will be considered by a potential employer.
·
Time of publication on the eJobs Website/ App:
More recent ads appear higher in the search results, as an older ad is likely to become less relevant with the passage of time, mainly in relation to the stage of the selection process.
·
Update time on the eJobs Website/ App:
Updated ads appear higher in the search results, as an updated ad suggests that the selection process is still at a relevant stage for new applicants.
4.  Users are free to choose between the criteria for displaying the Advertisements mentioned in points 11.2.b - 11.2.d above. If no criteria are selected, the Advertisements will be displayed according to their relevance according to point 11.2.b above.
5.  Users are also free to select or not to select the filters pre-set by the Company, available on the search page of the Advertisements, as well as to enter or not to enter in the search field the desired keywords, according to point 11.2.a above. Depending on the filters applied by the User to restrict the search results to specific parameters of the Advertisements, as well as the phrases or sentences searched, different parameters may increase or decrease the final matching score and the position of individual Advertisements in the search results.
6.  Within the eJobs Website/ App, Users may also receive recommendations related to other similar Ads. Recommendations for other similar Ads are suggested with the help of an Artificial Intelligence program, based on the semantic proximity of the title/content of the respective Ads.
7.  Also, Candidate Users who have created or uploaded their CVs to the eJobs Platform may receive job recommendations based on the experience or education mentioned in the CV. Candidate Users may influence the display of these Advertisements by modifying the experience or education data in the CV, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
12. Force Majeure
eJobs, its affiliates or, in general, the providers of information to eJobs, cannot be held responsible for any delays or errors in the content provided by our publications resulting directly or indirectly from causes beyond eJobs' control. This disclaimer includes, but is not limited to: malfunction of eJobs technical equipment, failure of internet connections, failure of telephone connections, computer viruses, unauthorized access to eJobs systems, operating errors, strikes, etc.
13. Miscellaneous
13.1 Change in the terms of this Agreement
THE COMPANY RESERVES THE RIGHT TO PERIODICALLY UPDATE THIS SET OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS (e.g. TO MEET CHANGES IN LEGISLATION OR SERVICES PROVIDED BY THE COMPANY). PROFESSIONAL USERS, OR OTHER CATEGORIES OF USERS AS DEFINED BY LAW, WILL BE NOTIFIED OF UPDATES/CHANGES TO THE SET OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS. The updates/modifications will take effect on the date mentioned in the notification.
Changes/updates shall not be implemented (i) in relation to Professional Users before the expiry of a notice period of at least 15 days from the date of notification of the changes (unless a longer notice period applies to the contract with that User), or (ii) earlier than the period specified in the notification (if applicable), for other categories of Users notified in accordance with the law. During the notice period, Professional Users and other categories of notified Users (if any) have the right to terminate their contract with the Company. In the case of Professional Users, termination shall take effect within 15 days of receipt of the notice of termination, unless a shorter termination period applies to the contract with the Professional User. The provision of new services via the eJobs Platform and/or the eJobs App by the Professional User during the notice period shall be deemed to be an unequivocal waiver of the notice period, unless the notice period is longer than 15 days, as changes to the Terms and Conditions require the Professional User to make significant technical adjustments. The notice period does not apply if the Professional User or other categories of Users (if applicable) declare in writing that they waive it or if the Company:
(a) is under a legal or regulatory obligation to amend the Terms and Conditions in a way that does not allow it to comply with the notice period referred to above;
(b) must exceptionally modify its Terms and Conditions to address an unforeseen and imminent danger related to the defense of the Services, Users, fraud, malware, spam, data security breaches or other cybersecurity risks.
Also, some services offered by eJobs may be subject to different terms, which will be displayed for each such service, in a visible place, and can be accessed before using the service.
Your use of the eJobs.ro Platform and/or the eJobs.ro App after the entry into force of the new Terms and Conditions shall constitute your acceptance of all their provisions.
13.2. Advertising and content provided by other parties
Portions of the content included in eJobs may be provided by third parties with whom eJobs has content supply agreements. Also, within the content of eJobs, advertising sections may be included in which advertising messages of third parties will be displayed, in compliance with the law. eJobs is not responsible in any way for content provided by third parties, whether for advertising purposes or not. Furthermore, eJobs is not responsible for the content of pages linked to from within eJobs.
13.3. Notifications
Except for the application of the Unlawful Content Notice under Section 3.3 above or other reports under Section 3.13 above, any other notices to eJobs must be sent in writing, by email to contact@ejobs.ro, by mail or by fax.
Unless the User communicates any changes, responses to notifications will be sent to the contact details provided by the User, and such notifications will be deemed received by the User.
We also inform you that in the DSA Contact section accessible by selecting the "DSA Contact" button at the bottom of the footer of the eJobs Website and Application, you will find the following information according to art. 11 and 12 of the DSA:
- single contact point for Member States' authorities, the European Commission, the committee mentioned in Article 61 of the EUSD and trusted notifiers;
- single point of contact for recipients of our Services.
13.4. Applicable law and jurisdiction
The rights and obligations of the parties imposed by these Terms and Conditions, as well as all legal effects produced by these Terms and Conditions shall be interpreted and governed by the Romanian law in force. Any dispute concerning these Terms and Conditions shall be brought before the competent courts in the locality in which eJobs has its registered office, except in the event of an out-of-court settlement of disputes in accordance with these Terms and Conditions or in other cases provided for by law.
DATA CONFIDENTIALITY POLICY
The Company processes a series of User personal data, Candidate Users or Recruitment Users (i.e. representatives of Recruitment Users, Legal Entities, or Authorized Individual Recruiters) when using eJobs.ro, the eJobs application or eJobs Services.
This Privacy Policy (the "Policy") describes what types of personal data are processed, how they are used, what your options are in connection with these processing operations, and how we shall respect your rights in accordance with (EU) legislation 2016/679 ("GDPR"), as person subject to the data protection legislation.
BEFORE USING EJOBS.RO, THE EJOBS APPLICATION OR OUR SERVICES, WE RECOMMEND THAT YOU READ THIS POLICY TO UNDERSTAND HOW PERSONAL DATA IS PROCESSED.
1. Who is responsible for processing your data?
eJobs Group SRL, based in Dimitrie Pompeiu Blvd., No. 9-9A, Sector 2, Bucharest, Romania, is the operator of personal data under personal data protection law, including the GDPR, as regards to the personal data of the Users collected and processed through eJobs.ro, the eJobs Application and WeAreHR.ro.
For the processing of personal data, the Company has appointed a Data Protection Officer or DPO that can be contacted using the following contact details:
eJobs Data Protection Officer Address: Bd. Dimitrie Pompeiu, No. 9-9A, Sector 2, Bucharest, Romania Email: dpo@ejobsgroup.ro Phone: +40 21 20 30 821
As for data collected through cookies for marketing purposes (for details, see the Cookies Policy section), the Company, as a member of the Ringier Group, cooperates with Ringier Romania SRL to manage how advertising cookies are used. In relation to these types of processing, the Company acts as an operator associated with Ringier Romania in accordance with art. 26 of the GDPR. Both the Company and Ringier Romania have undertaken to comply with the legislation on the protection of personal data in connection with this processing.
2. What data do we process?
We process the following categories of personal data:
Data you provide directly
Creating the User Account
When you create a User account, you must provide us with a series of data such as your first name, surname, email address / mobile phone number, date of birth, company details (in the case of the Recruitment User account) etc.
Data from the registered user profile
You can include a series of details in your user profile, as well as in the CVs that are part of your Candidate User account, such as your studies, professional experience, skills, photos, job preferences, information etc.
Other data you provide directly when using the eJobs Platform or interacting with eJobs
We can store the information you received from us as a result of requests sent by email or chat, or when you participate in our polls and questionnaires; Also, if you use our remote interview services (Video Interview), we can process your image and voice through online conferencing services implemented in the eJobs Platform, and we can have access to your conversations with our representatives through our Call Center service.
Data collected or generated by us as a result of your interaction with the eJobs Platform
We receive information about when and/or how you visit or otherwise use eJobs Services, including how you use the eJobs Platform (e.g., whether you've updated your CV or not, whether or not you applied to a job).
We also use cookies and similar technologies to recognize you and your devices. We also allow others to use cookies. The way we use these technologies is described in the Cookies Policy.
Also, when using the eJobs Platform (including cookies or similar technologies on other sites), we receive information about your IP address, IP-based location, proxy server, operating system, web browser and add-on modules, device identifier. If you use our services from a mobile device, that device sends us data about your location based on your mobile device settings. We shall ask you to accept prior to using the geolocation function or other tools to identify your location.
Data obtained from third parties
We receive information about your visits and interaction with services provided by other entities when you visit the services of other providers including advertisements, cookies, or similar technologies.
In the case of contact persons designated by recruiters (other than account holders), the data is collected from that account holder.
3. Why do we process your personal data?
In what follows we shall inform you of the purposes for which we collect and process your personal data and of the legal basis for data processing.
3.1. Use of Services by Candidate Users
If you want to enjoy all the facilities offered by the eJobs Platform, you must create a User account. The User Account allows you to access a range of dedicated Candidate Services such as creating a CV, applying for a job, viewing job ads, contacting recruiters, receiving ads and alerts related to job ads published by Recruitment Users, etc. Legal basis: Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR - conclusion and performance of the contract.
The eJobs Platform can also be accessed by Recruiter Users from abroad, including outside the European Economic Area, to jurisdictions that have not been adequately protected. If you apply for a position published by such Recruitment Users, your data may be transferred to such jurisdiction, and the legal basis for the transfer is Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR - conclusion and performance of the contract.
We process your personal data contained in your CV, i.e. your professional experience, in order to display recommendations of Recruiters and jobs on eJobs platform. The services offered by eJobs in the form of recommendations on the platform facilitate your job search and application process. Legal basis: art. 6(1)(f) GDPR - legitimate interest
We can also use a range of data you provide to optimize your job recommendations or suggestions to complete your CV. We also use the data we receive from Candidate Users to create Filter Facilities for Candidate Users on various criteria of interest to Recruitment Users. Legal basis: Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR - legitimate interest. We have a legitimate interest in improving our Services and providing suggestions / tips to Candidate Users to maximize the success of our Services. At the same time, we want to provide a search service for indicators that is as efficient as possible for Recruitment Users.
3.2. Use of Services by Recruitment Users
We process personal data for the purpose of managing a contractual or pre-contractual relationship with Recruitment Users. In the case of Recruitment Users (authorized natural persons) the legal basis is: art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR - conclusion and performance of the contract or execution of pre-contractual formalities. In the case of personal data of representatives of Recruitment Users, the legal basis is Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR - legitimate interest. We have a legitimate interest in properly conducting our contractual relationships with our corporate clients. The rights and interests of individuals (i.e. representatives of Recruitment Users) are not prejudiced since, from the perspective of the client, processing is necessary in the context of developing the work / collaboration relationships they have with the individuals whose data is provided / associated with the Recruitment User account.
Also, based on legitimate interest, we use certain personal data associated with a Recruitment User account to prevent any abusive fraud / misuse of the eJobs Recruiting Platform facilities.
3.3. Managing relationships with Users and support
We process a series of personal data for the purposes of managing relationships with eJobs Platform Users, for example when contacting us with various questions or requests about eJobs Platform functionality, eJobs Platform malfunctions or errors. Legal basis: Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR - legitimate interest in our interest in providing appropriate services to all Users.
3.4. Providing notifications about the Services
Users may receive various notifications from Us that relate to the provision of the Services (e.g. if the CV was viewed by a Recruitment User, saved jobs that are expiring, alerts regardings the need to update the CV, alerts regarding scheduled interviews etc.). We process this data based on our legitimate interest in art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR. We consider that our legitimate interest does not prejudice the rights and interests of the data subjects as notifications are closely linked to the provision of the Services requested. At the same time, we offer users the ability to disable these notifications at any time from their User account settings.
Providing commercial communications
We want to send you promotional materials, let you know about the new services offered by the Company, launch invitations to participate in polls or to answer questionnaires and to communicate other similar information that we consider to be of interest to you, including, if you agree, by sending you promotional materials / marketing communications on the products / services of our Company’ partners
We shall forward these communications if we have your agreement. Legal basis: Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR - Consent.
Users can always unsubscribe from these communications. For example, if you withdraw your consent to receive content newsletters, we shall not be able to send you articles published on our content platforms.
Also, if we have your consent to send commercial communications, in certain circumstances, we may use the information collected from you, combined with the data resulting from your interaction with the eJobs Platform Services, in the context of our marketing communications. The legal basis for such processing is: art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR - legitimate interest. We want to streamline our marketing activity by offering our customers relevant and personalized service offers.
3.5. Using geolocation services
When using the geolocation feature on your device, we shall ask for your consent. Legal basis of processing: Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR - Consent.
3.6. Analyses and statistics on the eJobs Platform, cookies, and similar technologies
We may use the personal data that Users provide or that we collect in the context of using our Services for the purpose of performing analyses and statistics about our Services, including how the eJobs Platform works. The legal basis for such processing is: art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR - legitimate interest. The analyses and statistics we make help us to better understand how we can improve our Services or the functionality of the eJobs Platform.
We also use cookies and other similar technologies under the Cookies Policy to conduct analyses and statistics. Depending on the type of cookies used and similar technologies, the legal basis is: art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR - legitimate interest in necessary and functional cookies or art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR - Consent for analysis, tracking, and behavioral advertising cookies.
3.7. Connecting via Facebook plugin
Candidates can sign in or create an account using the Facebook plug-in that allows you to sign in with your Facebook account. When Candidate Users use this feature, the eJobs Platform receives partial public data belonging to the Candidate User from Facebook (e.g. name, surname, email address, telephone number). Use of this data is necessary for the creation of the User account, therefore the legal basis of the processing is Art. 6 (1) (b) of GDPR, respectively the conclusion and performance of the contract.
3.8. Fulfillment of legal obligations
Sometimes data processing is required to meet our legal obligations (Legal basis: Article 6 (1) (c) GDPR - Enforcement of a legal obligation), such as:
• payment of taxes and relevant contributions, reporting to relevant tax authorities and keeping accounting records;
• archiving data according to applicable law.
3.9. Defense of rights and interests in justice
We may also process personal data for the purposes of establishing, exercising or defending a legal remedy in proceedings before a court, administrative procedure or other formal proceedings in which the Company is involved (Legal basis: Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR - protection of the rights and interests of the operator)
4. Who do we reveal the data to?
We may disclose your personal data to (i) Entities and / or persons empowered by us (from EEA or third-party states) involved in the provision of Services, including the provision of commercial communications (such as data center providers, payment for various payment facilities in the eJobs Platform, email platform providers such as Google Mail); (ii) Recruitment Users including, where applicable, those located outside the EEA; (iii) if we are required to disclose personal data for compliance with any legal obligation or decision of a judicial authority, public authority or governmental authority; or (iv) if we are required or otherwise permitted to do so under applicable law. Your personal data may also be disclosed to third-party cookies providers and similar technologies as described in [Cookies Policy – link to be inserted].
5. How do we keep the data?
We keep your personal data as necessary to meet the purposes for which it was collected, with due regard for internal data retention procedures, including applicable archiving rules.
In general, Candidate User Data is retained as long as it has a User Account in the eJobs Platform. Personal data shall be deleted if the Candidate User requests to deactivate and delete the account, or after a minimum of 5 years from the date when the Candidate User becomes inactive (i.e. from the date of the last interaction in the eJobs Platform).
Regarding Candidate Users' CVs, these are kept for 12 months from the date of storage by Recruiter Users in the client account on the eJobs Platform. Upon expiration of this term, the CVs are deleted from the Recruiter User's client account regardless of the reason for storage and can no longer be accessed by the latter on the Platform. This storage period is established by eJobs in accordance with the principles and obligations imposed by GDPR, including art. 5(1)(e) and art. 25(2).
The data of Recruitment Users (authorized natural persons and legal entities) shall be retained for the entire duration of the contractual relationship with the Recruitment Users plus for the entire period stipulated by law for the archiving and safekeeping of financial-accounting documents.
Data for cookies and similar technologies are kept according to the specific terms set for those technologies, the storage period being between the duration of the session (for session cookies) and a duration of up to 2 years (for analysis cookies).
6. What rights do you have as a person of interest?
By law, the following rights of the person of interest are recognized:
a. Right of access
You can obtain from us the confirmation that we process your personal data as well as information on the specifics of the processing.
b. The right to correct the data
You can ask us to modify your incorrect personal data or, if necessary, fill in the data that is incomplete.
c. The right to delete
You may request the deletion of your personal data when: (i) it is no longer necessary for the purposes for which we have collected and processed it; (ii) You have withdrawn your consent to the processing of the data and we can no longer process it on other legal grounds; (iii) data is processed contrary to law; respectively (iv) the data must be deleted in accordance with the relevant legislation.
d. Withdrawal of consent and right of opposition
You can, at any time, withdraw consent for data processing on a consent basis. You may also oppose marketing processing at any time, including profiling for that purpose, and processing based on the Company's legitimate interest, for reasons related to your specific circumstances.
e. Restriction
Under certain circumstances, you may request the restriction of the processing of your personal data.
f. The right to data portability
In so far as we process data by automated means, you may request, under the law, to provide your data in a structured, frequently used and readable form. If you request this, we may pass your data to another entity, if technically possible.
g. Right to file a complaint with the supervisory authority
You have the right to file a complaint with the data processing supervisor if you believe that your rights have been violated:
National Authority for the Supervision of Personal Data in Romania
G-ral. Gheorghe Magheru Blvd., 28-30 Sector 1, postal code 010336 Bucharest, Romania
anspdcp@dataprotection.ro
FOR EXERCISING THE RIGHTS LISTED ABOVE, YOU MAY CONTACT US USING THE CONTACT DETAILS REFERRED TO IN SECTION 1 (DPO CONTACT DATA).
The Company can also be contacted using the data and contact mechanisms available on the eJobs Platform. Users may exercise certain rights (right to edit, rectify, oppose commercial communications, or delete) directly to the eJobs Platform through the settings in the MY ACCOUNT section
POLICY ON COOKIES AND OTHER SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES
eJobs can set or read cookies and device identifiers when you are using the eJobs Platform or are visiting a website, app, or service that uses our Services.
1. Some useful information on cookies and device identifiers
1.1. What is a cookie?
An "Internet Cookie" (also known as "cookie browser" or "HTTP cookie" or simply "cookie") is a small file consisting of letters and numbers stored on your computer, mobile or other equipment utilized by a user for accessing the Internet.
The cookie is installed based on a request issued by a web-server to a browser (such as Internet Explorer, Firefox, Chrome) and is completely "passive" (it does not contain any software, viruses or spyware and cannot access the information on the hard-drive of the user). The cookie stores certain information (for example, your preferred language or web page settings) that your browser can retransmit when you go back to the web page (depending on the cookie's lifespan).
Cookies themselves do not require personal information to be used and, in most cases, do not personally identify Internet users.
1.2. What are the types of cookies?
There are several types of cookies. Their classification is based on their lifespan, role and source, as follows:
a. Types of cookies by lifespan
Session cookies
They are temporarily stored in the web browser's cookie folder until the user exits the web site or closes the browser window (for example, when logging on / off from a webmail account or social network).
Persistent cookies
They are stored on the hard drive of a computer or device (and generally depend on the default cookie lifetime). Persistent cookies also include those placed on a website other than the one the user is currently visiting - known as 'third party cookies' - which can be used anonymously to store a user's interests, so that relevant advertising can be delivered to users.
b. Types of cookies depending on their role
Strictly required cookies
These types of cookies are required for websites to function properly. The strictly required cookies allow you to navigate the site and enjoy its features. Without these cookies, we shall not be able to offer certain features, such as automatic redirection to the least busy server or retaining your wish list.
Functional cookies
Functional cookies record information about choices that users make, and they also allow site operators to customize the site according to the user's requirements. For example, cookies can be used to save category / segment preferences.
Performance and analysis cookies
These types of cookies allow Internet site operators to monitor visits and traffic sources, how users interact with the internet page or certain sections of the website.
Information provided by analysis cookies helps operators understand how visitors use sites and then use this information to improve the way content is presented to users.
Targeting and advertising cookies
These cookies can provide the ability to monitor users' online activities and set up user profiles that can then be used for marketing purposes. For example, based on cookies, the products and services agreed by a user can be identified, this information subsequently serving to transmit appropriate advertising messages to that user.
c. First party cookies vs. third party cookies
Each cookie has a "responsible source" (i.e. website / Internet domain) that places that cookie.
First party cookies are placed by the Internet domain / website accessed by the user (whose address appears in the browser address bar). For example, if the user visits www.ejobs.ro and the cookie field placed on his / her computer is www.ejobs.ro then it is a first party cookie.
A third party cookie is placed by another Internet domain / website other than the one accessed by the user; this means that the website you access also contains information from a third-party site - for example, an ad banner that appears on the site you're accessing. Thus, if the user visits www.ejobs.ro but the cookie placed on his computer has doublecklick.net as a domain, then it is a third party cookie.
d. Built-in content (buttons, apps, and social widgets)
Webpages allow the implementation of third-party social buttons or widgets that allow users to interact with sites whose social buttons or widgets are being deployed. User interaction with third-party social buttons or widgets allows the third party to collect some information about that user, including the IP address, page header information, and browser information.
e. How do targeting and advertising cookies work?
In general, data about Internet browsing activity is collected and analyzed anonymously. If this analysis reveals a specific interest, a cookie (a small text file used by most sites to store some useful information to make browsing experience better) - is placed on the user's computer, and this cookie determines what ad is received by the user, which is called interest-based advertising
Interest-based advertising is a way to deliver ads on the websites you visit and make them more relevant to your interests. The common interests are grouped according to the previously deployed browsing activity and the users are only served with the advertising that matches their interests. In this way, advertising is relevant and as useful as possible.
To better understand...
Imagine you want to change your job or are looking for a job. You visit the section of a specialized site (e.g. www.ejobs.ro) and read some relevant articles about career advice or jobs.
Next time you navigate the web, when you go online to read, for example, a news article or an online store page, you may see a job ad posted on a specialized site (such as www.ejobs.ro) delivered as online advertising.
You will receive these specially personalized ad messages because you and others like you have shown an increased interest in these services. This way you can improve your web experience by reducing the number of ads that are not of interest to you.
2. What types of cookies and device identifiers do we use?
Below is the detailed list of cookies and device identifiers used.
You can withdraw your consent to use cookies (except the cookies required to use the eJobs Platform) at any time by changing the options in the appropriate cookies settings available.
Of course, you can set your browser to block necessary cookies, but the site may not work properly. Also, disabling other types of cookies (other than necessary) could affect your experience or experience in using the Site.
2.1. Required cookies
The strictly required cookies allow you to browse eJobs.ro and enjoy its features. Without these cookies, we shall not be able to offer certain features, such as automatic redirection to the least busy server or retaining your wish list.
Below are some examples of cookies we use on eJobs.ro and their lifespans on your device.
Cookie
Domain
Purpose and content
Duration
ts
.creativecdn.com
For secure transaction through PayPal
6 luni & 2 zile
gdpr_status
.media.net
Bringing up the cookie approval pop-up
6 months & 2 days
user-id
ejobs.ro
The unique code used to identify the logged in user
100 days
user-id-token
ejobs.ro
The unique code with which the user can prove he signed in and can request data from the server
100 days
user-refresh-token
ejobs.ro
The unique code with which the user asks for another accessToken when the previous one expires
100 days
PHPSESSID
ejobs.ro
Identifies the logged in user through a random hexadecimal number
100 days
selectedLocale
ejobs.ro
The language the site displays
100 days
showWelcomePage
ejobs.ro
Displays the welcome page if the user has just registered
100 days
clearUserConsent
ejobs.ro
If the user logs off, this cookie wipes his cookie preferences
100 days
showCookiesAlert
ejobs.ro
Ask the user’s permission to use cookies
100 days
persistentAlert
ejobs.ro
Contains notifications that have to be displayed to the user
100 days
cookiesPreferences
ejobs.ro
Remembers the user’s cookie preferences
100 days
2.2. Functional cookies
Functional cookies record information about the choices you have made and also allow us to adapt the Website to suit your needs and requests.
Cookie
Domain
Purpose and content
Duration
__cf_bm
.mgid.com
Cookie for Cloudflare Bot Management
30 min
ouid
.addthis.com
Helps users distribute content over various platforms and forums, in association with AddThis widget
1 yr & 24 days
na_id
addthis.com
For sharing links on Facebook & Twitter, in association with AddThis widget
1 yr & 24 days
PugT
.pubmatic.com
Verifies if cookies were updated
1 month
2.3. Performance and analysis cookies
These types of cookies help us understand how users utilize eJobs.ro. We only use this data to help improve the Services and Performance of the eJobs Platform.
Here are some examples of how we use this data:
a. Information on the section / sections of the site more frequently visited to help us improve our User browsing experience;
b. Managing and resolving potential Site errors;
c. Design tests to improve how the site looks and works.
Sometimes these analyses are performed by third entities on behalf of eJobs.
Cookie
Domain
Purpose and content
Duration
gcl
au
eJobs.ro
Offered by Google Tag Manager to experiment with the efficient usage of the site
3 months
_ga
eJobs.ro
Installed by Google Analytics to measure website and campaign traffic
2 years
_gid
eJobs.ro
Installed by Google Analytics to register how users experience and use the site
1 day
gat
UA-771448-4
eJobs.ro
Observes the users’ behavior and measures the site’s efficiency
1 min
_hjid
eJobs.ro
A Hotjar cookie that measure the exact moment when the user lands on the page for the first time
1 year
_hjFirstSeen
eJobs.ro
A Hotjar cookie that records a user’s first session
30 min
_hjIncludedInSessionSample
eJobs.ro
Detects if the user is included in the data sample defined by the daily limit
2 min
_hrAbsoluteSessionInProgress
eJobs.ro
A Hotjar cookie that registers the user’s first pageview on the site
30 min
_hjCachedUserAttributes
eJobs.ro
A Hotjar cookie that saves the Users’ Attributes, transmitted through the Hotjar Identity API
Per session
yandexuid
.yandex.ru
Identifies the users and observes how they interact with the site
10 years
Google Analytics analysis services
eJobs.ro uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service of Google Inc., based in 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, United States ("Google").
Based on your consent, Google will analyze on our behalf how you use our website. For this purpose, we use, among others, the cookies detailed in the table above. The information collected by Google in connection with the use of eJobs.ro by you (for example, the referral URL, the web pages you visit, your browser type, language settings, your operating system, screen resolution) shall be sent to a Google server in the United States where they shall be stored and analyzed; the corresponding results shall then be made available in an anonymous form. In this process, traffic data shall not be attributed to the full IP address you use. We have activated our Google's IP anonymization function on our website, so the last 8 digits (IPv4 type) or the last 80 bits (IPv6 type) of the IP address you are using are deleted.
Furthermore, Google is certified in accordance with the EU-US Privacy Shield standards, which provide an adequate level of data protection for data processing by Google in the US.
For more information about Google Analytics, please refer to Google Analytics Terms of Service, Google Analytics security and privacy principles, and Google Privacy Policy.
You can withdraw your consent to web analytics at any time, either by downloading and installing a Browser Plugin provided by Google, or by managing your consent through the above settings.
2.4. Targeting and advertising cookies used by eJobs.ro
2.4.1. Online advertising managed by Ringier Romania
eJobs is part of the Ringier Group which operates several sites and applications in Romania. As part of a unitary strategy to promote the services of all sites / applications in Romania that are part of the Ringier group, Ringier Romania SRL, headquartered in Dimitrie Pompeiu Blvd, no. 9-9A, Iride Business Park, B2B Bldg., Bucharest has been designated responsible for managing the technologies used for online targeting and advertising.
The list of webpages containing cookies and targeting technologies for advertising purposes managed by Ringier Romania:
• www.auto-bild.ro and all subdomains;
• www.avantaje.ro and all subdomains;
• www.brandyourhr.ro
• www.ejobs.ro and all subdomains;
• www.elle.ro;
• www.gsp.ro;
• www.leap.ro;
• www.hrworld.ro;
• www.libertatea.ro and all subdomains, including (but not limited to)
◦ comedy.libertatea.ro;
◦ pagina5.libertatea.ro;
◦ sportnews.libertatea.ro;
◦ shop.libertatea.ro;
• www.libertateapentrufemei.ro and all subdomains;
• www.ringier.ro and all subdomains;
• www.tvmania.ro and all subdomains;
• www.unica.ro and all subdomains, including (but not limited to)
• baby.unica.ro;
• citate.unica.ro;
• dindragoste.unica.ro;
◦ nunta.unica.ro;
◦ referate.unica.ro;
◦ retete.unica.ro;
◦ www.teen.unica.ro;
• www.viva.ro;
• www.wearehr.ro;
Cookies and targeting technologies (such as web beacons, also known as clear gifs, pixel tags, or single-pixel gifs, which allow, for example, counting users who have visited pages or who have opened messages sent by email) for advertising purposes implemented by Ringier Romania allow us to collect data from people using eJobs.ro, as well as other pages managed by Ringier Romania.
These types of data are then aggregated to create user segments categorized into different categories, but without having specific information about the identity of the users included in such segments. These types of data allow us then to provide users who match these classifications with advertising based on interest or contextual advertising.
Thus, with regard to targeting (advertising) cookies placed through Ringier Romania, eJobs acts together with Ringier Romania as associate operators.
In order to exercise your rights as a data targeting person through cookies and targeting technologies for advertising implemented by Ringier Romania, you can contact:
Ringier Data Protection Officer
Address: Bd. Dimitrie Pompeiu, No. 9-9A, Sector 2, Bucharest, Romania
Email: dpo@ringier.ro
Phone: +40 21 20 30 821
2.4.2. Third-party advertising
Most of the ads you see on the Site are run by eJobs and / or by Ringier Romania. However, we also allow other companies to provide advertising material and collect information through cookies or other similar technologies (third parties) included in the Site. Practically, these targeting technologies that accompany the displayed ad messages the Users seem allow them to monitor how effective are the displayed ad messages. Third-party advertising partners can also use other cookies that they have set on your device when browsing other websites. They use this data to know whether or not you have viewed a particular ad or to identify you in their database and then use this data to serve other types of advertising that would fit your interests.
We make reasonable efforts for partners with whom we collaborate for the purpose of online advertising and which we allow to add an identifier or code to the Site to responsibly handle the personal data retrieved from our Site. However, we do not control how they process personal data, and they have their own rules and policies for processing personal data.
2.4.3. Types of online targeting and advertising cookies used on eJobs.ro
Cookie
Domain
Purpose and content
Duration
test_cookie
.doubleclick.net
Determines if the user’s browser accepts cookies
15 minutes
IDE
.doubleclick.net
Notes how the user browses the website and delivers appropriate ads
1 year & 24 days
uid
.criteo.com
Records the number of users and their behavior anonymously
1 year & 24 days
_fbp
eJobs.ro
A Facebook cookie that records the user’s preferences
3 months
TapAd_TS
.tapad.com
Follows users over multiple devices to offer them custom-tailored ads
2 months
TapAd_DID
.tapad.com
Offers personalized content, social media features and traffic analysis
2 months
TapAd_3WAY_SYNCS
.tapad.com
Syncs data over advertising networks
2 months
rias3
.rlcdn.com
Used to offer custom ads and limit advertising
1 year
pxrc
.rlcdn.com
Used to offer custom ads and limit advertising
2 months
muidn
.mgid.com
Gives the user a unique ID in order to deliver custom advertisements
16 years 3 months & 6 days
uuid2
.adnxs.com
Differentiates between devices and browsers to select the most fitting ads
3 months
MUID
.bing.com
Recognizes unique browsers that visit Microsoft websites
1 yr & 24 days
id
yieldlab.net
Creates user profiles to show custom ads
1 years
anj
.adnxs.com
Verifies if cookie IDs are synchronized with partners
3 months
uid
.addthis.com
Measures the number of users and their behavior to understand preferences
1 yr & 24 days
PUBMDCID
.pubmatic.com
Saves IDs to show users relevant ads in the browser
3 months
tuuid
.birdswitch.net
Saves an ID to decided that ads the user sees, based on their navigation history
1 year
c
.birdswitch.net
Controls synchronization of user identification and exchange of user data between services
1 year
tuuid_lu
.birdswitch.net
Stores a unique ID to determine what ads the users see while visiting a website
1 year
tluid
.3lift.com
Identifies and shows the visitor relevant ads by collecting user data from multiple websites
3 months
CMID
.casalemedia.com
Collects information about the usage behavior for targeted advertising
1 year
CMPS
.casalemedia.com
Anonymous user tracking based on user’s website visits, for displaying targeted ads
3 months
__ID
.revcontent.com
Sets a unique ID that helps third party advertisers target the visitor with relevant ads
50 years
IDSYNC
.analytics.yahoo.com
This cookies is used for advertising purposes
1 year
uuid
.tpmn.co.kr
Optimizes ad relevance by collecting visitor data from multiple websites
1 year
CMPRO
.casalemedia.com
Used for anonymous user tracking and for targeted advertising
3 months
CMST
.casalemedia.com
Collects information about the usage behavior for targeted advertising
1 day
CMRUM3
.casalemedia.com
Anonymous user tracking based on user’s website visits, for displaying targeted ads
1 year
uid
.adtdp.com
Measure the number of users and their behavior in order to display relevant ads
2 years
B
yahoo.com
Anonymously stores data related to user’s visits, such as the number of visits, average time spent and what pages they visited
1 year
2.4.4. Social Plugins
eJobs.ro can use or deploy plug-ins to social networks of third parties. In general, your interaction with a plug-in allows third parties to collect some information about you, including your IP address, page header information, and browser information.
eJobs.ro implemented the following social buttons:
• Facebook (https://www.facebook.com/privacy)
• LinkedIn (https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy)
• Pinterest (https://policy.pinterest.com/en/privacy-policy)
• Twitter (https://twitter.com/en/privacy)
Other cookies used on eJobs.ro
Cookie
Domain
Duration
selectedLocale
eJobs.ro
1 yr 4 days 9 hrs
u
.creativecdn.com
1 year
cto_bundle
eJobs.ro
1 year & 1 month
criteo
.outbrain.com
1 month
v1_151
.revcontent.com
1 month
yuidss
.yandex.ru
10 years
criteo
.tpmn.co.kr
1 month
KRTBCOOKIE_97
.pubmatic.com
1 month
visitor-id
.media.net
1 year
data-c-ts
.media.net
1 month
data-c
.media.net
1 month
pr
.adtdp.com
2 years
uid_legacy
.adtdp.com
2 years
pr_legacy
.adtdp.com
2 years
obuid
.outbrain.com
3 months
3. How do I stop cookies?
Disabling and refusing to receive cookies can make some sites unavailable or difficult to visit and use. Also, refusing to accept cookies does not mean you shall no longer receive / see online advertising.
It is possible to set up the browser so that these cookies are no longer supported or you can set the browser to accept cookies from a specific site. We remind you, however, that the lack of these cookies will make it impossible to access all of the eJobs Platform’s features.
You can stop placing cookies by managing your consent through the above settings. The required cookies shall not be disabled from this module as they are required for the Site to function.
Turning off DoubleClick remarketing pixels
In the case of pixels and DoubleClick remarketing cookies, they can be disabled by visiting the DoubleClick Disabling page (https://www.google.com/settings/ads/onweb#display_optout?hl=en) or the Network Advertising Initiative Disabling page (https://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp).
Turn off Criteo remarketing pixels
Pixel and Criteo remarketing cookies can be disabled by visiting our privacy policy (https://www.criteo.com/privacy/).
All modern browsers offer the ability to change cookie settings. These settings are usually found in the browser's "options" or "preferences" menu.
To understand these settings, the following links may be useful, otherwise you can use the browser's "help" option for more details.
Cookie settings in Internet Explorer (https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/topic/delete-and-manage-cookies-168dab11-0753-043d-7c16-ede5947fc64d)
Cookie settings in Microsoft Edge (https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/delete-cookies-in-microsoft-edge-63947406-40ac-c3b8-57b9-2a946a29ae09)
Firefox cookie settings (https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/cookies-information-websites-store-on-your-computer?redirectlocale=en-US&redirectslug=Cookies)
Cookie settings in Chrome (https://support.google.com/chrome/bin/answer.py?hl=en&answer=95647)
Cookie settings in Safari (https://support.apple.com/kb/PH5042)
For third-party cookie settings, you can also check the site:
https://www.youronlinechoices.eu/ro
Information on how visitors can disable the use of cookies by Google can be accessed by visiting Google Ad Settings (https://www.google.com/settings/ads?hl=en_US). You can also advise users to disable the use of cookies by a third party provider by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative (https://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp) deactivation page.
4. Useful Links
If you want to know more about cookies and what they are used for, we recommend the following links:
Microsoft Cookies Guide (https://www.microsoft.com/info/cookies.mspx)
All About Cookies (https://www.allaboutcookies.org/)
For more privacy-related details, you can also access the following links:
https://www.guardian.co.uk/info/cookies
We use cookies to offer you the best job hunting experience.
Please allow cookies in order to have access to all the platform's features.
You can check our Cookie Policy
here.
Manage cookies
Accept all