Last Updated May 22, 2018
Introduction
This is the privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") for Retronyms Services ("Services", "we," "us," or "our"), a platform consisting of web sites, services, and software applications. Retronyms Services are provided by Retronyms, Inc. ("Retronyms") with the copyright owned by Retronyms, Inc. By accessing and using Retronyms Services you are agreeing to be legally bound by the Terms of Service and this Privacy Policy. You should therefore also read the Terms of Service before using Retronyms Services.
Retronyms is determined to protect your privacy. It is very important to us that you should be able to use and enjoy Retronyms Services without having to compromise your privacy unacceptably.  Knowing something about our users is, however, necessary to ensure that our service is continually improved. We need to build an accurate picture of the needs and wishes of our users, and to be able to communicate with you. That enables us to offer services that are relevant and truly interactive, which is what our users expect.  
This Privacy Policy applies whether you are accessing Retronyms Services via a personal computer, a mobile device or any other technology or devices now known or hereafter developed or discovered (each, a "Device") and whether or not you are accessing Retronyms Services as a registered user. We may from time to time, combine Information (as the term is defined below) with other information we collect from other sources, such as information received from our Parent Companies, Affiliates, marketing companies or Advertisers and, if we do so, our use of the resulting combined Information will be subject to this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy will remain in full force and effect, even if your use of or participation in Retronyms Services or any particular service, feature, function or promotional activity offered through Retronyms Services terminates, expires, ceases, is suspended or deactivated for any reason. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, please do not participate in Retronyms Services or any features, activities or services offered through Retronyms Services.
Retronyms Services are designed and targeted to U.S. audiences and is governed by and operated in accordance with the laws of the U.S. We make no representation that Retronyms Services are operated in accordance with the laws or regulations of, or governed by, other nations. By using Retronyms Services, you certify that you meet the eligibility requirements for Retronyms Services as set forth in our Terms of Service Agreement (available via the iTunes App Store). Your continued use of Retronyms Services indicates that you are agreeing to the collection, use, disclosure, management and storage of your Information as described in this Privacy Policy.
If you are located outside of the U.S., you use Retronyms Services at your own risk and initiative and you, not us, are responsible for compliance with any applicable local and national laws. By using Retronyms Services, and/or providing us with your Personal Information and Other Information (as defined below), you (i) consent to the transfers and processing of any Information you provide to the Services, (ii) acknowledge that U.S. law provides a lower standard of protection for personal data than the laws of various countries and (iii) understand that these Services will deal with your Information in accordance with its Privacy Policy and U.S. law. Consequently, you hereby waive any claims that may arise under the laws and regulations that apply to you in or of any other country or jurisdiction.
The data we collect
When we use the term "Personal Information" we mean information that would allow someone to identify you or contact you, such as your full name, postal address, e-mail address or telephone number. When we use the term "Other Information", we mean any information other than Personal Information collected by the Services, such as the number of times a Service is launched per day and the duration of each Service session. (Personal Information and Other Information, together, the "Information"). Other Information is not tied to Personal Information.
We may collect personal information at several places in the Services, including without limitation, during Account registration, to access certain features, and when entering a competition. In the course of entering competitions, promotions and other offers you will be asked to give some details about yourself such as your first and last name, street address, city, state and zip code, email address, telephone number and date of birth. Additional Information may be requested depending on the specific Promotion, but submission of such Information may be optional. The Promotion's entry page and/or Rules will provide the specific requirements. If you choose to e-mail us or otherwise contact us, that would also give us information about you.
WE DO NOT SEND EMAILS ASKING YOU TO PROVIDE OR CONFIRM CREDIT CARD NUMBERS, SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBERS OR YOUR USERNAME OR PASSWORD.
If you receive such an email, please forward it immediately to support@retronyms.com, and then immediately delete the fraudulent email from your computer.
What we do with this data
When you register for Retronyms Services you provide Personal Information that we use to establish and maintain your account and provide you with the features we provide for Registered Users.  We may also use Personal Information for the following reasons, including without limitation, for:
Contacting you regarding the administration of your account, any services, features or functions you have enrolled in or registered to use, any Promotions you have participated in or have entered, or any other transactions you have undertaken with the Services
Contacting you about new products and services
Responding to your questions or other requests
Contacting you regarding your use of the Services, for informational purposes related to the Services or, in our discretion, regarding changes to the Services's policies
Improving the Services or our services and for internal business purposes
Tailoring your experience on the Services and/or otherwise customizing what you see when you use the Services
Saving your User ID or other Personal Information, so you don't have to re-enter it each time you use the Services
Otherwise to maintain and administer the Services; and
For other purposes disclosed at the time you provide the Personal Information.
We use aggregate audience details (where no individual is identifiable) to help us improve the Services and our understanding of our users and their preferences. We may also use Other Information for the following reasons, including without limitation, for:
Counting the number of times you use the Services
Accumulating and reporting aggregate, statistical information in connection with the Services and user activity
Determining which features and services users like best to, among other things, help us operate the Services and enhance and improve our Services
Preparing statistics reports
Saving certain Other Information for your use on return visits to the Services
Otherwise maintaining and administering the Services
For the uses described for "Personal Information" above; and
For other purposes disclosed at the time you provide the Other Information.
We do not intentionally link browsing information or information from our server logs to the personal information you submit to us. Retronyms may use a third party analytics provider to help us collect and analyze Information through operation of our Services for those same purposes.
Who has access to this data
It is not Retronyms' practice to sell the Information we collect about you or your Service usage to third parties.  However, we may share personal information with our contractors and service providers in order to maintain, enhance, or add to the functionality of the Services.  We may also disclose the Information to the partners that provide technical, brand or other resources to develop any Applications or Modules that you have purchased or downloaded.  We may also disclose your personal information to third parties if such disclosure is reasonably necessary to:
Take action regarding suspected illegal activities
Enforce or apply our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
Comply with legal process, such as a search warrant, subpoena, statute, or court order; or
Protect our rights, reputation, and property, or that of our users, affiliates, or the public. 
While no data transmission over the Internet is 100% secure from intrusion, we maintain commercially reasonable physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect your Information. However, regardless of our efforts and the Device you use to access the Services, it is possible that third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications over an unsecured transmission. We limit access to the Services by our own employees to those individuals who are authorized for the proper handling of such information and any employee found violating our standards of security and confidentiality will be subject to our disciplinary processes. We request that our operational service providers follow similar standards of security and confidentiality.
You can ask to see the information we have about you or let us know of any objections you may have to how we use or disclose your data in the ways set out in this Privacy Policy by e-mailing a request to support@retronyms.com.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to revise this Privacy Policy at any time by posting an updated Privacy Policy without advance notice to you. Such revisions shall be effective immediately upon posting. Please check this Privacy Policy and Terms of Service Agreement often for updates.
Additional terms
It is your responsibility to give us current, complete, truthful and accurate Information, and to keep such information up to date. We cannot and will not be responsible for any problems or liability that may arise if you do not give us accurate, truthful or complete Information, or if you fail to update such Information. We will reject and delete any entry that we believe in good faith to be false, fraudulent or inconsistent with this Privacy Policy.
You are solely responsible for maintaining the strict confidentiality of your user name, if applicable, and for any charges, costs, expenses, damages, liabilities and losses we incur or may suffer as a result of your failure to do so. You, and not us, are solely responsible and liable for the activity, behavior, use and conduct on the Services under your user name (whether used by you or any others who use your user name), unless and until you notify us that your user name may have been compromised, misappropriated or improperly taken or used by another party. We reserve the right to deny access, use and registration privileges to any user, including without limitation, a registered user, of any services, features or functions of the Services if we believe there is a question about the identity of the person trying to access the user's Account or any services, features or functions.
Retronyms is in no way responsible for the accuracy, use, or misuse of any information, including Personal Information, that you disclose or receive through Retronyms Services, and you should assume that any disclosure you make in these venues will be available publicly, even without your knowledge or authorization.
Please review our Terms of Service Agreement which governs your use of the Services. Any terms that are not defined in this Privacy Policy shall have the meaning given in the Terms of Service Agreement. This Privacy Policy was last modified on the date indicated above and is effective immediately.