Privacy Policy
Wildflower Cases Privacy Policy
Last Updated: Jun 13, 2024
Protecting your private information is our priority. This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) applies to the http://www.wildflowercases.com and Wildflower Cases and governs data collection and usage. For the purposes of this Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to “Wildflower” and “Wildflower Cases” include http://www.wildflowercases.com and Wildflower Brands, LLC. The Wildflower website is an ecommerce site. By using the Wildflower website, you consent to the data practices described in this Policy.
Collection of your Personal Information
Wildflower may collect personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”), such as your name. If you purchase Wildflower's products and services, we collect billing and credit card information. This information is used to complete the purchase transaction. We may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future. Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by Wildflower. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Wildflower website. Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through Wildflower's public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. As you browse wildflowercases.com, advertising cookies will be placed on your computer so that we can understand what you are interested in. Our display advertising partner, AdRoll, then enables us to present you with retargeting advertising on other sites based on your previous interaction with wildflowercases.com. The techniques our partners employ do not collect personal information such as your name, email address, postal address or telephone number. You can visit this page (http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/) to opt out of AdRoll and their partners’ targeted advertising. Wildflower encourages you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to from Wildflower so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information. Wildflower is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of the Wildflower website.
Cookie Policy
When you visit our Site we use cookies, or similar technologies like single-pixel gifs and web beacons, to customize the User’s experience to provide performance and engagement information to the store owner, and to record log data. We use both session-based and persistent cookies. Session-based cookies last only while your browser is open and are automatically deleted when you close your browser. Persistent cookies last until you or your browser delete them or until they expire. They are unique and allow us to do site analytics and customization, among other similar things. If you access our Site through your browser, you can manage your cookie settings.
We log information about your use of the Site, including the type of browser you use, access times, pages viewed, your IP address and the page you visited before navigating to the Site.
We use cookies on our websites. Cookies are small bits of data we store on the device you use to access our services so we can recognize repeat users. Each cookie expires after a certain period of time, depending on what we use it for. We use cookies for several reasons:
◦ To make our site easier to use. If you use the "Remember me" feature when you sign into your account, we may store your email in a cookie to make it quicker for you to sign in whenever you return to Wildflower Cases.
◦ For security reasons. We use cookies to authenticate your identity, such as confirming whether you are currently logged into Wildflower Cases.
◦ To provide you with personalized content. We may store user preferences, such as your default language, in cookies to personalize the content you see. We also use cookies to ensure that users can’t retake certain application forms that they have already completed.
◦ To improve our services. We use cookies to measure your usage of our websites and track referral data, as well as to occasionally display different versions of content to you. This information helps us to develop and improve our services and optimize the content we display to users.
• “Wildflower Cases uses cookies to help keep track of items you put into your shopping cart including when you have abandoned your cart and this information is used to determine when to send cart reminder messages via SMS.”
Collection and Use by Third-Party Service Providers/Sub-Processors
We sometimes contract with other companies and individuals to perform functions or services on our behalf, such as software maintenance, data hosting, sending email messages, etc. We necessarily have to share your Personal Information with such third parties as may be required to perform their functions.
The following third-party processors collect personal data on our behalf and transmit it to us:
Facebook
Information Collected: name, email address for purpose of logging in if you choose to use Facebook to login.
Privacy Policy: https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
Data Policy: https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
Shopify
Collects: name, email address, phone number, user history, user actions, IP address, device ID, credit card information.
Privacy Policy: https://www.shopify.com/legal/privacy
Conversio
Information Collected: email address, user history, IP address, device ID, user actions
Privacy Policy: https://conversio.com/privacy/
StitchLabs
Collects: order information to manage inventory
Privacy Policy: https://www.stitchlabs.com/privacy-policy/
“The above excludes text messaging originator opt-in data and consent; this information will not be shared with any third parties.”
Business Transfer
Wildflower Cases may sell, transfer or otherwise share some or all of its assets, including your Personal Data, in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets or in the event of bankruptcy. Under such circumstances, Wildflower Cases will use commercially reasonable efforts to notify its users if their personal information is to be disclosed or transferred and/or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Use of your Personal Information
Wildflower collects and uses your personal information to operate its website(s) and deliver the services you have requested. Wildflower may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Wildflower and its affiliates. Wildflower may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered. Wildflower does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. Wildflower may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Wildflower, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information. Wildflower may keep track of the websites and pages our users visit within Wildflower, in order to determine what Wildflower services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Wildflower to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area. Wildflower will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Wildflower or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Wildflower; (c) investigate or prevent fraud, conduct risk assessment or respond to claims asserted against Wildflower cases; and (d) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Wildflower, or the public.
Opt-Out & Unsubscribe
We respect your privacy and give you an opportunity to opt-out of receiving announcements of certain information. Users may opt-out of receiving any or all communications from Wildflower by following the opt-out instructions at the bottom of each communication or by contacting us here:
- Web page: http://www.wildflowercases.com/pages/contact-us
- Email: support@wildflowercases.com
- Phone: (888) 317-5595
Users may additionally unsubscribe from receiving email offers by following the instructions appearing at the end of our emails.
Security of your Personal Information
Wildflower Cases has implemented reasonable administrative, technical and physical security measures to protect your personal information against unauthorized access, destruction or alteration. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites such as Shopify (our e-commerce platform provider), it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol. Please note that your credit card information will be transmitted to Shopify so that we do not have access to or store it.
International Transfer
For data collected by Wildflower Cases or our sub-processors, your information may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction. If you are located outside the United States and choose to provide information to us, Wildflower cases transfers Personal Information to the United States and processes it there. Your consent to this Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
International Marketing
While Wildflower Cases serves all customers interested in procuring our products and ships to any customer at any destination not prohibited by law, please note that we do not market to, advertise to, or offer foreign language sites for the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Customers in Canada that purchase our Products through Amazon should refer to their privacy policy regarding collection of data as we do not have access to or control over the data they collect.
Australia Residents
Our business does not rise to the level needed to comply with the requirements of Australia’s Privacy Act 1988, as amended from time to time. . The privacy of our customers is important to us. In the event our business is required to comply with the requirements of the law, we intend to update our privacy policy on this page.
New Zealand Residents
This Policy is intended to, and shall serve any notice which Wildflower Cases is obligated to give to any users under Principle 3 of New Zealand’s Privacy Act 1933, including without limitation notice to all users of: the fact that information is being collected; the purpose for which the information is being collected; the intended recipients of information; information concerning the agency collecting and holding the information; certain matters where collection is authorized or required by law; consequences of not providing requested information; and the rights of access to, and correction of, personal information provided.
New Zealand residents wishing access to personal information collected about them may contact us at support@wildflowercases.com. We reserve the right to take reasonable steps to confirm your identity and if confirmed and required by law, we will work with our sub-processors to give you access to your information and the opportunity to rectify or correct such information to the extent is accessible and retrievable.
Children Under Sixteen:
Wildflower Cases does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of sixteen. If you are under the age of sixteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.
California Requirements and Your Privacy Rights
Wildflower Cases is not required comply with the obligations of the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 at this time. The privacy of our customers is important to us. In the event our business is required to comply with the requirements of the law, we intend to update our privacy policy on this page.
California residents who have an established business relationship with Wildflower Cases may make a written request to Wildflower Cases about whether Wildflower Cases has disclosed any Personal Data to any third-parties for the third-parties' direct marketing purposes during the prior calendar year. To make such a request, please send an email or write us:
Attention: Privacy
Wildflower Cases
Address: 812 Mitchell Road, Thousand Oaks CA 91320
Phone: (888) 317-5595
Email: support@wildflowercases.com
Changes to this Statement
Wildflower will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback and will take reasonable steps to notify you of material changes either by email or when you login. Wildflower encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Wildflower is protecting your information.
Contact Information
Wildflower welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Wildflower has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Wildflower at: Wildflower Cases 812 Mitchell Road, Thousand Oaks CA 91320.
Email Address: support@wildflowercases.com Telephone number: (888) 317-5595 First effective as of April 18, 2012; last updated as of July 6, 2018.