Privacy Policy
Last updated April 26, 2022
At RadioApp, we collect and manage user data according to the following Privacy Policy, with the goal of incorporating our company values: transparency, accessibility, sanity, usability. This document is part of RadioApp's Terms and Conditions, and by using RadioApp, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy and the Terms and Conditions. Please read the Terms and Conditions in their entirety, and refer to those for definitions and contacts.
1. Data Collected
We collect anonymous data from every user of RadioApp to improve the service. For example, we collect information like app crashes. Other information such as the device's location is requested but stored locally on the device and is not collected.
We also collect data you filled out when submitting forms, such as our contact form or when you submit a new station for our review.  This includes you full name, your stream URL, your email address and phone number, data connecting you to the said station and data which may otherwise identify you.
2. Use of the Data
We use anonymous collected data for improve our service. In the case you have provided us personal information through other channels of communication we do not share that information without your consent, unless:
We use personal data for provision of the service and in order to verify ownership of stations. We may use it to contact you or to inquire further data and information when approving your claim of a station or its takedown.
doing so is appropriate to carry out your own request;
we believe it's needed to enforce our Terms of Service, or that is legally required;
we believe it's needed to detect, prevent or address fraud, security or technical issues;
otherwise protect our property, legal rights, or that of others.
RadioApp is operated from the United States. If you are from outside the U.S., you agree to any processing of any personal information you provide us according to this policy.
3. Sharing of Data
We don't share your personal information with third parties except as stated here. Only aggregated, anonymized data is periodically transmitted to external services to help us improve the RadioApp service. We currently use Fabric (analytics and crash reports) and Mixpanel (analytics). We listed below what data these third parties extract exactly. Feel free to check out their own Privacy Policies to find out more.
Fabric: anonymous, pseudonymous.
Mixpanel: anonymous, pseudonymous.
We also use social buttons provided by services like Twitter and Facebook. Your use of these third party services is entirely optional. We are not responsible for the privacy policies and/or practices of these third party services, and you are responsible for reading and understanding those third party services privacy policies.
If we receive a notice by a third party that content you submitted violates their rights, including intellectual property rights, we may disclose your data and identity to such entity in order to manage the dispute between the parties, or comply with legal requests or warrants.
4. Changes to the Privacy Policy
We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. Use of information we collect now is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is used. If we make major changes in the way we collect or use information, we will notify you by posting an announcement on the website. A user is bound by any changes to the Privacy Policy when he or she uses the Services after such changes have been first posted.
Should you have any question or concern, please write to support@theradioapp.com