Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
We know that in this digital age, your privacy is important. This Privacy Policy reflects our commitment to protect personal data and the choices we offer you regarding how your data is used. We welcome you to read more about how we keep your information safe, as well as how you can exercise your rights. In addition, our Privacy policy covers our treatment of data that may be personal to you.
‍We will review, update, and amend these policies from time to time consistent with our business needs and technology. We encourage you to check back periodically for new updates or changes. Your continued use of the service makes up your acceptance of any change to this Privacy Policy. We are the data controller of your information. We handle and process all data on behalf of our customers
You may likewise decide not to give us "discretionary" Personal Data; however please remember that without it, we will most likely be unable to provide you with the full scope of our administrations or with the best client experience when utilizing our Services.
This Privacy Policy
(“Privacy Policy”)
describes how
Black Ace Media Inc
. will gather, use, and maintain your Personal Information on the likeswithtags.com. It will also explain your legal rights with respect to that information.
This privacy policy applies to all information collected through our mobile application, ("Apps"), and/or any related services, sales, marketing, or events (we refer to them collectively in this privacy policy as the "Services").
By using the Black Ace Media Inc website/App or services, you confirm that you have read and understand this Privacy Policy, and our Terms (together referred to herein as the
“Agreement”
). The Agreement governs the use of likeswithtags.com and App. Black Ace Media Inc will collect, use, and maintain information consistent with the Agreement.
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third-party service providers used by the app.
Google Play Services
Apple iOS
What private data do we collect from the people who visit our Platform?
When enlisting on our website/App or buying services, as suitable, you could be approached to type in your name, email, postage information, payment information, or different subtleties to assist you with your experience.
When you create an account and use the Services, including through a third-party platform, we collect any data you provide directly, including:
Account Data:
To use certain features (like Paid or unpaid Services), you need to create a user account. When you create or update your account, we collect and store the data you provide, like your email address, gender, and date of birth, and assign you a unique identifying number ("Account Data").
Personal Data
: Personal Data is information that can be used to identify you specifically, including your name, email address, telephone number, or demographic information like your hometown. You consent to give us this information by providing it to us voluntarily on our website or any mobile application. Your decision to disclose this data is entirely voluntary. You are under no obligation to provide this information, but your refusal may prevent you from accessing certain benefits from our website and mobile application.
Profile Data:
You can also choose to provide profile information like a photo, social media profiles, or other data. Your Profile Data will be publicly viewable by others.
Financial Data:
Financial data is related to your payment methods, such as credit card or bank transfer details. We collect financial data to allow you to purchase, services from our website and any related mobile apps. We store limited financial data. Most financial data is transferred to our payment processor,
Stripe
, and you should review these processors' Privacy Policy to determine how they use, disclose, and protect your financial data.
Stripe Privacy Policy can be
found here
https://stripe.com/gb/privacy
Contact information
.
An Authorized User is required to provide some contact information (e.g., an email address) when making an account on the Services.
Data About Your Accounts on Other Services:
We may obtain certain information through your social media or other online accounts if they are connected to your Black Ace Media Inc account. If you login to via Facebook or another third-party platform or service, we ask for your permission to access certain information about that other account. For example, depending on the platform or service, we may collect your name, profile picture, account ID number, login email address, location, the physical location of your access devices, gender, birthday, and list of friends or contacts.
Social Networking Data:
We may access personal information from social networking sites, and apps, including Facebook, Apple, Twitter, Google, or other social networking sites or apps not explicitly named here or through Phone number, which may include your name, your social network username, location, email address, age, gender, profile picture, and any other public information. If you do not want us to access this information, please go to the specific social networking site and change your privacy settings.
Mobile Device Data:
If you use our website via a mobile device or app, we may collect information about your mobile device, including device ID, model and manufacturer, and location information.
Those platforms and services make information available to us through their APIs. The information we receive depends on what information you (via your privacy settings) or the platform or service decide to give us.
If you access or use our Services or to buy services through a third-party platform or service, or click on any third-party links, the collection, use, and sharing of your data will also be subject to the privacy policies and other agreements of that third party.
How do we handle social signals?
In Short
: Yes, if you choose to register or log in to our website and mobile application using a social media account, we may access certain information about you.
Our Sites offers you the ability to register and log in using your third-party social media account details (like your
Facebook
or
Twitter
logins). Where you choose to do this, we will receive certain profile information about you from your social media provider. The profile Information we receive may vary depending on the social media provider concerned, but will often include your name, email address, friends list, profile picture, as well as other information you choose to make public.
We will use the information we receive only for the purposes described in this privacy policy or that are otherwise made clear to you on the Sites. Please note that we do not control, and are not responsible for, other uses of your personal information by your third-party social media provider. We recommend that you review their privacy policy to understand how they collect, use, and share your personal information and how you can set your privacy preferences on their sites and apps.
The APIs that we use to store and access cookies and other information on your devices. If you are a user currently in the European Union, please look at our
EU User Consent Policy.
Do Not Track
Currently, various browsers — such as Internet Explorer, Firefox, and Safari — offer a “do not track” or “DNT” option that relies on a technology known as a DNT header, which sends a signal to Web sites’ visited by the user about the user's browser DNT preference setting. Black Ace Media Inc does not currently commit to responding to browsers' DNT signals with respect to the Company's Web sites, in part, because no common industry standard for DNT has been adopted by industry groups, technology companies or regulators, including no consistent standard of interpreting user intent. Black Ace Media Inc takes privacy and meaningful choice seriously and will make efforts to continue to monitor developments around DNT browser technology and the implementation of a standard.
How do we use your details?
We may utilize the data we procure from you when you enlist, make a buy, join our bulletin, respond to an examination or promoting correspondence, peruse the site, or utilize specific other site includes in the following ways:
Create your account; and
Correspond with you; and
Compile anonymous statistical data for our own use or for a third party's use; and
Assist law enforcement as necessary; and
Prevent fraudulent activity on our website or mobile app; and
Analyze trends to improve our website and mobile application and offerings.
To fulfill or meet the reason you provided the information (e.g., to help provide our Site services to you).
To personalize and develop our site and the services we provide you and improve our offerings.
To provide certain features or functionality of the services on the site.
For marketing and promotions.
To create, maintain, customize, and secure your account with us.
To provide you with support, to communicate with you and respond to your inquiries, including to investigate and address your concerns and monitor and improve our responses.
To personalize your experience and to deliver content and services relevant to your interests.
To help maintain the safety, security, and integrity of our site, services, databases, and other technology assets and business.
For testing, research, analysis, and app development, including to develop and improve our site and services.
To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations.
To prevent illegal activity, fraud, and abuse.
Where we must play out the agreement we are going to go into or have gone into with you
To help our site that will be ready to serve you better.
Behavioral Advertising
As described above, we use your Personal Information to provide you with targeted advertisements or marketing communications we believe may be of interest to you. For example:
We use
Google Analytics
to help us understand how our customers use the Site.
You can opt out of targeted advertising by:
Google
:
https://www.google.com/settings/ads/anonymous
How we use cookies
We use cookies and similar technologies for several purposes, depending on the context or service, including:
Recognizing you if you sign in to use our offerings. This allows us to provide you with recommendations, display personalized content, and provide other customized features and services.
Keeping track of your specified preferences. This allows us to honor your likes and dislikes, such as your language and configuration preferences.
Detecting and preventing fraudulent activity and improving security.
Conducting research and diagnostics to improve our offerings.
Reporting, which allows us to measure and analyze the performance of our offerings.
First-party cookies
Strictly Necessary cookies
:
These cookies are necessary for the website and mobile application to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are often set in response to actions made by you, which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms.
Functional cookies
:
These cookies enable the website and mobile application to provide enhanced functionality and personalization. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages.
Performance cookies
:
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site.
Targeting cookies
:
These cookies may be set through our site and may be used to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites.
Third-party cookies
In addition to our own cookies, we may also use various third-party cookies to report usage statistics of the Service, deliver advertisements on and through the Service, and so on. These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites.
What are your choices regarding cookies?
Cookie Preferences on Black Ace Media Platform
:
Our cookies allow you to take advantage of some essential and useful features. Blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of our sites. You can change your cookie preferences at any time by clicking ‘Cookie Preferences’ in the footer of the Black Ace Media Inc website and mobile application.
Browser settings
:
You can also manage browser cookies through your browser settings. The 'Help' feature on most browsers will tell you how to remove cookies from your device, prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, how to disable cookies, and when cookies will expire. Check the support site for your browser to understand privacy settings available to you. If you block or reject some of our cookies through your browser’s settings, you might not be able to use certain offerings that require you to sign-in to an account and some features and services may not work. You might also have to manually adjust your preferences or settings every time you visit our website and mobile application.
Google Analytics
Cookies
We use Google Analytics to investigate the utilization of our site of users and visitors. Google Analytics assembles data about site use through cookies. The data assembled identifying with our site is utilized to make reports about the utilization of our site.
Name of cookie
Expiry period
Purpose
Company
_ga
Persistent - 2 years
Analytics
Google Analytics, Google LLC
_ga_JMDY11H0YJ
Persistent - 2 years
Analytics
Google Analytics, Google LLC
_gat
Persistent - 2 years
Analytics
Google Analytics, Google LLC
_gid
Persistent - 1 day
Analytics
Google Analytics, Google LLC
_sp_root_domain_test_* (x 1535)
Session cookie
Analytics
likeswithtags.com
gaVisitorTypeLong
Persistent - 2 years
Analytics
Google Analytics, Google LLC
gaVisitorTypeShort
Persistent - 30 minutes
Analytics
Google Analytics, Google LLC
Google Analytics for Firebase
Google Analytics for Firebase uses device identifiers to collect and store information such as number of sessions per user, session duration, operating system, device models, geography, first launches, and app updates.
Flurry Analytics
Flurry Analytics service is provided by Yahoo! Inc.
You can opt-out from Flurry Analytics service to prevent Flurry Analytics from using and sharing your
information by visiting the Flurry's Opt-out page:
https://dev.flurry.com/secure/optOut.do
For more information on the privacy practices and policies of Yahoo!, please visit their Privacy Policy page:
https://policies.yahoo.com/us/en/yahoo/privacy/policy/index.html
Firebase A/B Testing (Remote Config)
Firebase Remote Config is an A/B testing and configuration service provided by Google Inc. Personal Data collected: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Google Ad mob
Google Ad mob uses what is called a Click Cookie. We use this to help us to track the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns. It enables Google to serve our adverts on other sites based on your browsing history on our page and engagement with our adverts.
Facebook Conversion Tracking Pixel
A tracking technology that allows us to follow the actions of users after they are redirected to our website or apps by interacting (viewing or clicking) on an advertisement within Facebook.
Mailbluster
We use Mailbluster cookies to store your contact details for our mailing lists and to send marketing emails.
Facebook Ads,
Mopub (Ads)
We use these cookies to display ads on our app.
appsflyer
The cookie is the primary referrer for web attribution, and a temporary identifier on web. Learn more about these cookies
Click Here
California Consumer Rights
The California Consumer Privacy Act provides specific rights to those who live in California. If you are a California-based consumer, as that term is defined under California law, this section shall apply in addition to all other applicable rights and information contained in this Statement.
You have the right to request that we provide you with information about what personal information we collect, use, and disclose.
You have the right to request that we delete personal information we, or our service providers, store about you.
We will not discriminate or retaliate against you if you elect to exercise any rights under this section of our Privacy Statement.
You may request that we not sell your personal information. As noted above, we do not sell your personal information and we only share your personal information with third parties, as described in this Statement.
You have the right to designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf. Please see the Identity Verification Requirement below for information on our process for verifying that we have received a legally valid request.
If you are a California consumer and have additional questions based on this section of our Privacy Statement or wish to submit a request to request that we not share your information with third parties, please contact us by email or through contact us page.
See more at
https://consumercal.org/about-cfc/cfc-education-foundation/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa-3/
According to caloppa, we agree to the following:
Users can visit our site anonymously.
Once this online privacy policy is established, we will put a link to it on our website, on the first significant web page after getting into our website and mobile application.
Our ONLINE PRIVACY POLICY link includes the term 'Privacy' and can certainly be on the page given above.
You'll be notified of any ONLINE PRIVACY POLICY changes:
Via Email
Coppa (children online privacy protection action)
With regards to the assortment of private information from children under age 13 years, the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in charge. The Federal Trade Commission, United States' consumer safety firm, enforces the COPPA Guideline, which spells out what providers of websites and online services should do to safeguard children privatizes and security online. For more Details
Click Here
or below link
https://www.ftc.gov/enforcement/rules/rulemaking-regulatory-reform-proceedings/childrens-online-privacy-protection-rule
GDPR-Customer data processing appendix:
Customer Data
" means any personal data that Black Ace Media Inc processes on behalf of Customer via the Services, as more particularly described in this DPA.
"
Data Protection Laws
" means all data protection laws and regulations applicable to a party’s processing of Customer Data under the Agreement, including, where applicable, EU Data Protection Law and Non-EU Data Protection Laws.
GDPR-EU data protection law
“
EU Data Protection Law
” means all data protection laws and regulations applicable to Europe, including (i) Regulation 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data (
General Data Protection Regulation
) (“
GDPR
“); (ii) Directive
2002/58/EC
concerning the processing of personal data and the protection of privacy in the electronic communications sector; (iii) applicable national implementations of (i) and (ii); and (iv) in respect of the
United Kingdom
(“
UK
“) any applicable national legislation that replaces or converts in domestic law the GDPR or any other law relating to data and privacy as a consequence of the UK leaving the European Union.
“
Europe
” means, for the purposes of this DPA, the European Union, the European Economic Area and/or their member states, Switzerland, and the United Kingdom.
“
Non-EU Data Protection Laws
” means the California Consumer Privacy Act (“
CCPA
”); the Canadian Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (“PIPEDA”); and the Brazilian General Data Protection Law (“
LGPD
“), Federal Law no. 13,709/2018.
“
SCCs
” means the standard contractual clauses for processors as approved by the European Commission or Swiss Federal Data Protection Authority (as applicable), which shall be applied only to transfers of Customer Data from the European Union.
“
Sensitive Data
” means (a) social security number, passport number, driver’s license number, or similar identifier (or any portion thereof); (b) credit or debit card number (other than the truncated (last four digits) of a credit or debit card); (c) employment, financial, genetic, biometric or health information; (d) racial, ethnic, political or religious affiliation, trade union membership, or information about sexual life or sexual orientation; (e) account passwords; or (f) other information that falls within the definition of “special categories of data” under applicable Data Protection Laws.
“
Services Data
” means any data relating to the Customer’s use, support and/or operation of the Services, including information relating to volumes, activity logs, frequencies, bounce rates or other information regarding emails and other communications Customer generates and sends using the Services.
Parties' roles:
If EU Data Protection Law or the LGPD applies to either party's processing of Customer Data, the parties acknowledge and agree that concerning the processing of Customer Data, Customer is the controller and is a processor acting on behalf of Customer, as further described in Annex A (Details of Data Processing) of this DPA.
Purpose limitation:
Black Ace Media Inc shall process Customer Data only following Customer's documented lawful instructions as outlined in this DPA, as necessary to comply with applicable law, or as otherwise agreed in writing ("Permitted Purposes"). The parties agree that the agreement sets out the Customer's complete and final instructions to Black Ace Media Inc concerning the processing of Customer Data, and processing outside the scope of these instructions (if any) shall require a prior written agreement between the parties.
Prohibited data
. Customer will not provide (or cause to be provided) any Sensitive Data to BLACK ACE MEDIA INC for processing under the Agreement, and BLACK ACE MEDIA INC will have no liability whatsoever for Sensitive Data, whether in connection with a Security Incident or otherwise. For the avoidance of doubt, this DPA will not apply to Sensitive Data.
Customer compliance:
Customer represents and warrants that (i) it has complied, and will continue to comply, with all applicable laws, including Data Protection Laws, in respect of its processing of Customer Data and any processing instructions it issues to Black Ace Media Inc; and (ii) it has provided, and will continue to provide, all notice and has obtained, and will continue to obtain, all consents and rights necessary under Data Protection Laws for Black Ace Media Inc         to process Customer Data for the purposes described in the agreement. Customer shall have sole responsibility for the accuracy, quality, and legality of Customer Data and how Customer acquired Customer data. Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, Customer agrees that it shall be responsible for complying with all laws (including Data Protection Laws) applicable to any emails or other content created, sent, or managed through the service, including those relating to obtaining consents (where required) to send emails, the content of the emails and its email deployment practices.
The lawfulness of Customer's instructions:
Customer will ensure that United Kingdom processing of the Customer Data by Customer's instructions will not cause Black Ace Media Inc to violate any applicable law, regulation, or rule, including, without limitation, Data Protection Laws. Black Ace Media Inc shall promptly notify Customer in writing unless prohibited from doing so under EU Data Protection Laws if it becomes aware or believes that any data processing instruction from Customer violates the GDPR or any UK implementation of the GDPR.
Your Legal Rights
Under certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data.
You may have the following rights: -
Request access
to your personal data (commonly known as a "data subject access request"). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
Request correction
of the personal data that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us.
Request
deletion
of your personal data. Please contact us at hello@blackacemedia.com with your login email address.You can also delete the account through the application in settings. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have successfully exercised your right to object to processing (see below), where we may have processed your information unlawfully or where we are required to erase your personal data to comply with local law. Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request.
Object to processing
of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights and freedoms.
Request restriction
of processing of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in the following scenarios:
If you want us to establish the data's accuracy.
Where our use of the data is unlawful, but you do not want us to erase it.
Where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims.
You have objected to our use of your data, but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.
Request the transfer
of your personal data to you or to a third party. We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you.
Withdraw consent
at any time where we are relying on consent to process your personal data. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain services to you.
How do we protect your details?
We have implemented industry-accepted administrative, physical, and technology-based security measures to protect against loss, misuse, unauthorized access, and alteration of personal information in our systems. We ensure that any employee, contractor, corporation, organization, or vendor who has access to personal information in our systems is subject to legal and professional obligations to safeguard that personal information.
We do not use vulnerability scanning and/or scanning to PCI specifications.
We use regular Malware Scanning.
Your individual information is comprised behind secured systems and is merely accessible by a restricted number of folks who've special access privileges to such systems and must keep the information confidential carefully. Furthermore, all very sensitive/credit information you resource is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
We implement several security measures whenever a user gets into, submits, or accesses their information to keep up the protection of your individual information.
While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, no method of transmission over the Internet or form of electronic storage is 100 percent secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Black Ace Media Inc prohibits unauthorized access or use of personal information stored on our servers. Such access is a violation of law, and we will fully investigate and press charges against any party that has illegally accessed information within our systems.
Can-spam act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a regulation that sets the guidelines for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial announcements, offers recipients to have emails ceased from being delivered to them, and spells out hard fines for violations.
We accumulate your email to be able to:
Send information, react to questions, and/or other demands or questions
To maintain compliance with CANSPAM, we consent to the next:
Not use untrue or misleading subject matter or email addresses.
Identify the concept as an advertisement in some realistic way.
Include the physical address of our site headquarters or business
Screen third-party email marketing services for conformity, if one can be used.
Honor opt-out/unsubscribe demands quickly.
Allow users to unsubscribe utilizing the link at the bottom of every email.
If anytime you want to unsubscribe from receiving future email, you can email us at by using contact form at our website
likeswithtags.com
and we'll immediately remove you from ALL communication.
Limitation of liability
Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability for incidental or consequential damages so some of the above limitations may not apply to you.
We make no legal representation that the website or services are appropriate or available for use in locations outside Canada. You may access the website from outside Canada.at your own risk and initiative and must bear all responsibility for compliance with any applicable foreign laws.
Indemnification
Upon visiting this website you agree release, indemnify, defend and hold harmless
Black Ace Media Inc
and any of its contractors, agents, employees, officers, directors, shareholders, affiliates and assigns from all liabilities, claims, damages, costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses, of third parties relating to or arising out of your use of the platform content; your use of the services; your violation of any provision of these terms; any unauthorized information or data you supplied to us. You will have sole responsibility to defend us against any claim, but you must receive our prior written consent regarding any related settlement.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
This website and App originate from Canada. The laws of Canada. without regard to its conflict of law principles will govern these terms to the contrary. You, hereby agree that all disputes arising out of or in connection with these terms shall be submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of Canada. By using this platform, you consent to the jurisdiction and venue of such courts in connection with any action, suit, proceeding, or claim arising under or by reason of these terms. You hereby waive any right to trial by jury arising out of these terms.
Changes to this privacy notice
We reserve the right to alter this privacy notice at any time. Such alterations will be posted on our platform. You can also obtain an up-to-date copy of our privacy notice by contacting us.
Contacting us
If you would like to contact us to understand more about this Policy or wish to contact us concerning any matter relating to individual rights and your Personal Information, you may do so via the contact us or email us at
Info@
likeswithtags.com
.
Black Ace Media Inc
Canada
This document was last updated on October 27, 2021
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://policies.yahoo.com/us/en/yahoo/privacy/policy/index.html:
⌂
Home
Mail
Tumblr
News
Sports
Finance
Entertainment
Lifestyle
Answers
Groups
Mobile
More
⋁
Weather
Politics
Tech
Shopping
Upgrade your browser with the best of Yahoo
»
Yahoo
👤
Sign in
✉
Mail
⚙
Help
Account Info
Help
⌂
Home
Mail
Tumblr
News
Sports
Finance
Entertainment
Lifestyle
Answers
Groups
Mobile
More
⋁
Weather
Politics
Tech
Shopping
Upgrade your browser with the best of Yahoo
»
Yahoo
👤
Sign in
✉
Mail
⚙
Help
Account Info
Help
Terms
Privacy Center
Topics
Products
Controls
Intellectual Property
Counterfeit Goods
Counter Notice Process
Repeat Infringer Policy
Trademarks
Permissions
Closed Captioning
Guidelines
Yahoo Terms
Yahoo Terms of Service
Yahoo Terms of Service
Additional Terms of Service
Yahoo Assistant Services Additional Terms of Service
Communications Terms of Service
Yahoo Maps
Aabaco Small Business Terms of Service
Yahoo Sports: Fantasy Football
Yahoo Sports: Fantasy Golf
Yahoo Sports: Fantasy NBA
Yahoo Connected TV Terms of Service
More
Developer Terms Of Use
Yahoo APIs Terms of Use
Yahoo Maps API Terms of Use
Yahoo Query Language Terms of Use
Yahoo Search BOSS Services Terms of Use
Yahoo Connected TV Developer Terms of Use
End User License Agreements
Yahoo OpenID Buttons Terms of Use
Yahoo Toolbar
Advertiser Terms
Enterprise Web Services Commercial License Program Terms
Master Terms and Conditions & Program Terms
Payment Plans Program Terms
More
Mobile Services And Applications Terms Of Use
Flickr Mobile App Terms of Use
Yahoo SMS Terms of Service
Vendor Terms
Yahoo Terms for Vendors and other Providers
Yahoo Ad Exchange
Yahoo Ad Exchange Terms
Sub-policy 1
https://consumercal.org/about-cfc/cfc-education-foundation/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa-3/:
Education Foundation
Consumer Federation of California
California Online Privacy Protection Act (CalOPPA)
—updated July 29, 2015
The first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy, the California Online Privacy Protection Act (CalOPPA) went into effect in 2004. It was amended in 2013 to require new privacy disclosures regarding tracking of online visits.
CalOPPA applies to any person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) whose website collects personally identifiable information from California consumers. CalOPPA requires the website to feature a conspicuous privacy policy stating exactly what information is collected and with whom it is shared; it also requires the operator of the website or online service to comply with the site’s privacy policy. Those who fail to do so are at risk of civil litigation under the state’s Unfair Competition Law.
Who does CalOPPA apply to?
CalOPPA applies to any person or entity that owns or operates a commercial website or online service that “collects and maintains personally identifiable information from a consumer residing in California who uses or visits” said website or online service. CalOPPA does not apply to Internet service providers or similar entities that transmit or store personally identifiable information for a third party.
In 2012, the California Attorney General’s Office specifically applied CalOPPA to mobile applications for smartphones and tablets that collect personally identifiable information. Hundreds of apps providers were notified that they were in violation of CalOPPA, and they were given 30 days to submit compliance plans or face fines of up to $2,500 for each time their app was downloaded.
What is “personally identifiable information”?
As legally defined, “personally identifiable information” refers to details collected on the Internet about an individual consumer, including an individual’s first and last name, a physical street address, an email address, a telephone number, a Social Security number, or any other information that permits a specific individual to be contacted physically or online. The term extends to details such as a person’s birthday, height, weight or hair color that are collected online and stored by an operator in personally identifiable form.
What is required under CalOPPA?
The operator of a commercial website or online service must conspicuously post a privacy policy on its website. According to CalOPPA, conspicuously posting a privacy policy means:
The privacy policy is shown on the website’s homepage; or
A link – via an icon that contains the word “privacy” – appears on the homepage and directly takes consumers to the privacy policy. In this instance, the icon must be in a color different from the homepage’s background; or
The privacy policy is linked to the homepage via a hypertext link that contains the word “privacy,” is written in capital letters equal to or greater in size than the surrounding text; is displayed in a type, font or color that contrasts with the surrounding text of the same size; or is otherwise distinguishable from surrounding text on the homepage.
CalOPPA also requires website operators to adhere to their stated privacy policy. As May 2014 guidance from the California Attorney General’s Office says, “It requires them to say what they do and do what they say – to conspicuously post a privacy policy and to comply with it.”
To be considered in compliance with CalOPPA, the website’s privacy policy must contain the following:
A list of the categories of personally identifiable information the operator collects;
A list of the categories of third parties with whom the operator may share such personally identifiable information;
A description of the process (if any) by which the consumer can review and request changes to his or her personally identifiable information as collected by the operator;
A description of the process by which the operator notifies consumers of material changes to the operator’s privacy policy; and
The effective date of the privacy policy.
An operator will be considered in violation of CalOPPA if it fails to post a privacy policy within 30 days after being notified of noncompliance. An operator who fails to comply with CalOPPA or with the terms of its privacy policy will be found to be in violation of CalOPPA only if its noncompliance is either knowing and willful or negligent and material. This means that a non-material (i.e., minor) but deliberate breach can give rise to liability. As a result, minor technical defects in the posting or the contents of a privacy policy could be a basis for liability.
AB 370 Requires New Privacy Disclosures
Assembly Bill 370 (Muratsuchi), signed into law in 2013, amended CalOPPA to require new privacy policy disclosures for websites and online services’ tracking of visitors, defined in the legislative analysis of the bill as “the monitoring of an individual across multiple websites to build a profile of behavior and interests.”
AB 370 was in part driven by the advent of “Do Not Track” computer coding, which can signal websites when visitors indicate they prefer not to be monitored. AB 370 is intended to bring greater transparency and consumer scrutiny to website practices, but it does not limit tracking.
As the bill’s author, Assembly Member Al Muratsuchi (D-Torrance) explained, “This bill would increase consumer awareness of the practice of online tracking by websites and online services, such as mobile apps. AB 370 will allow consumers to learn from a website’s privacy policy whether or not that website honors a Do Not Track signal. This will allow the consumer to make an informed decision about their use of the website or service.”
Under AB 370, privacy policies for websites or online services used by California residents (includes mobile apps for smartphones and tablets) are required to:
Disclose how a business’s website or online service responds to Do Not Track signals from Web browsers.
Disclose whether third parties may collect visitors’ personally identifiable information on a business’s website or online service.
Provide “a clear and conspicuous hyperlink in the operator’s privacy policy to an online location containing a description, including the effects, of any program or protocol the operator follows that offers the consumer that choice.”
What are the consequences of noncompliance?
CalOPPA does not contain enforcement provisions. It is expected, however, that CalOPPA will be enforced through California’s Unfair Competition Law (UCL), which is located at Business and Professions Code §§ 17200-17209. Under the UCL the California Attorney General’s Office, district attorneys, and some city and county attorneys can file suit against businesses for acts of “unfair competition,” which are considered to be any act involving business that violates California law. As a result, violations of CalOPPA may be considered violations of the UCL. Government officials bringing suit for violations of CalOPPA may seek civil penalties and equitable relief under the UCL. In addition, the UCL provides that private plaintiffs may assert private claims for violations of CalOPPA under the UCL.
Operators who violate CalOPPA may also be susceptible to actions by the Federal Trade Commission, which may bring enforcement action against businesses whose posted privacy policy is deceptive – that is, where a business fails to comply with its posted privacy policy.
____________________
Read more:
Online Privacy Protection
California Online Privacy Laws
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA)
Recent Online Privacy Legislation in California
Protecting Your Child’s Online Privacy
Teens’ Online Privacy
Tips for Safe Internet Use
Is Your Computer Secure?
Frequently Asked Questions About Online Privacy
R
F
T
© 2025 Consumer Federation of California
About Us
CFC in the News
Privacy Policy
Cy Pres Awards
CFC Education Foundation
Employment
Contact Us