libib
Menu
Pricing
Support
Contact Us
Login
Get Started
Privacy Policy
Pretty standard stuff, but please read it.
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, subscribe to our newsletter or trade items.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number or credit card information.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience
Your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs.
To improve our website
We continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
To improve customer service
Your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
To process transactions
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
To send periodic emails
The email address you provide when registering, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
Note:
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
As of 2025-03-08, we have never received a National Security Letter, FISA order, or any other classified request for user information.
What analytics are used?
Libib uses
Plausible
for a privacy focused analytics. Analytics are collected without any personal data or personally identifiable information (PII), without using cookies and while respecting the privacy of our website visitors.
All site measurements are carried out absolutely anonymously. Cookies are not set and no personal data is collected. All data is in aggregate only. Fully compliant with GDPR, CCPA and PECR.
EU-US, UK extension and Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework
See our
Data Privacy Framework
.
Cookies
In order to improve our services and the website, and provide more convenient, relevant experiences to you, we use cookies to track usage of Libib and to help you login.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
As part of the California Online Privacy Protection Act, all users of our site may make any changes to their information at anytime by logging into their control panel and editing their profile.
Children's Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Children's Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Terms of Service
Please also visit our Terms of Service section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at
https://www.libib.com/terms-of-service
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our
privacy policy
.
Changes
You can determine when this Privacy Policy was last revised by referring to the "LAST UPDATED" date at the bottom of this page.
https://www.libib.com/contact
LAST UPDATED:
7/25/2023
Whether you have 50 items or 5,000 items, your library is precious. With Libib, managing your own private library of books, board games, movies, music & video games is a snap. Create your account today.
© libib.com / All rights reserved
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.libib.com/data-privacy-framework:
libib
Menu
Pricing
Support
Contact Us
Login
Get Started
Libib Data Privacy Framework program
We comply with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) and to the rights of EU, UK and Swiss individuals.
Overview
Libib is a cataloging and circulation web service for organizations and individuals. We collect and store information on managers and patrons who are entered into our system.
The privacy of your data is of great importance to us!
Libib will only ever access your account to help you with a problem or to diagnose bugs.
This policy applies to personal data from the European Union (extended to the United Kingdom) and from Switzerland that is collected, used, and retained by us in the United States.
With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Data Privacy Frameworks, Libib is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission.
Identity & Access
When you sign up for Libib, we ask for your name, organization name, and email address.
This information is used to personalize your account, send you invoices, updates, or other essential information.
If registering for Libib Pro, we will also ask for billing information. This is securely processed by Stripe.com, who also adhere to the EU-US (extended to the UK) and Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework policy.
We do not sell or share any information with non-agent third parties. If this practice should change in the future we will update this policy accordingly and provide individuals with opt-out choice.
You always have the right to access the personal information we store about you. If you wish to review, update, erase or further limit our use of your personal information, please contact Justin Peterson at
dpf@libib.com
.
When you write Libib with a question or to ask for help, we’ll keep that correspondence, and the email address, for future reference.
The only times we’ll ever share your info:
To provide products or services you’ve requested, with your permission.
To investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of our Terms of Service, or as otherwise required by law.
Law Enforcement
We may be required to disclose your personal information in response to a lawful request by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
Encryption
All data is encrypted at rest and transmitted via SSL/TLS from our servers to your browser.
Cookies
In order to improve our services and the website, and provide more convenient, relevant experiences to you, we use cookies to track usage of Libib and to help you login.
Third Parties
You understand that Libib uses third party vendors and hosting partners to provide the necessary hardware, software, networking, storage, and related technology required to provide you with our services.
A current list of vendors is available upon request.
In cases of onward transfer to these third parties for data of EU (extended to the UK) or Swiss individuals received pursuant to the Data Privacy Framework, Libib is potentially liable should any issues or concerns arise.
Data Retention
When you cancel your account, all your data is removed from our live servers within 30 days. Emergency backups with your data are retained for a period of 90 days.
EU-U.S. DPF, The UK Extension, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF
Libib complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.
Libib has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.
Libib has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF.
If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
EU-U.S. DPF, The UK Extension, and the Swiss-U.S. Resolution
In compliance with the EU-US Data Privacy Framework Principles, Libib commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information transferred to the United States pursuant to the DPF Principles. European Union, Swiss and United Kingdom individuals with DPF inquiries or complaints should first contact Justin Peterson at
dpf@libib.com
or write us at 440 N Barranca Ave #5504, Covina, CA 91723
Libib has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the DPF Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism, Data Privacy Framework Services, operated by BBB National Programs. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please visit
https://bbbprograms.org/programs/all-programs/dpf-consumers/ProcessForConsumers
for more information and to file a complaint. This service is provided free of charge to you.
If your DPF complaint cannot be resolved through the above channels, under certain conditions, you may invoke binding arbitration for some residual claims not resolved by other redress mechanisms. See
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/G-Arbitration-Procedures-dpf?tabset-35584=2
Changes
This Data Privacy Framework may be changed from time to time, consistent with the requirements of the Data Privacy Framework and in accordance with the process described in the Privacy Policy. You can determine when this Data Privacy Framework was last revised by referring to the "LAST UPDATED" date at the bottom of this page.
EFFECTIVE DATE:
3/31/2020
LAST UPDATED:
11/04/2023
Whether you have 50 items or 5,000 items, your library is precious. With Libib, managing your own private library of books, board games, movies, music & video games is a snap. Create your account today.
© libib.com / All rights reserved