Privacy Policy
Modern Stark Privacy Policy - Feb 28th, 2017
Stark Apps GmbH, Leonfeldner Straße 4/3/30, 4040 Linz, Austria (“Stark Apps”)
Games, services and websites provided on the respective platform (“Stark Apps' Services”, "Services")
This Privacy Policy governs your use of www.modernstark.com and www.candyislandapp.com and all the services that www.modernstark.com and www.candyislandapp.com offers on the www.modernstark.com or www.candyislandapp.com websites including the games and applications offered by Stark Apps and those accessed through third party web sites.
Privacy
Stark Apps respects the privacy of visitors to Stark Apps' Services. Information collected from you is subject to the pertinent social network’s policy. By playing the game, you may be granting your social network permission to share your e-mail address and any other personally identifiable information with Stark Apps. If you do not agree, then you should not play Stark Apps' games or submit any personally identifiable information through them.
Cookies
Stark Apps uses “cookies” to store personal data on your computer. We may also link information stored on your computer in cookies with personal data about specific individuals stored on our servers. If you set up your web browser so that cookies are not allowed, you might not be able to use some or all of the features of Stark Apps' Services.
Logfiles
Stark Apps' Services may store data which is used to obtain technical and statistical information to improve the games.
Third Party Sites
Stark Apps' Services may contain links to third-party websites that are not owned or controlled by Stark Apps. Stark Apps has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party websites. In addition, Stark Apps will not and cannot censor or edit the content of any third-party site. By using the Stark Apps' Services, you expressly relieve Stark Apps from any and all liability arising from your use of any third-party website.
Modification of Privacy Policy
Stark Apps reserves the right to change or modify the Privacy Policy at any time. We will attempt to give you advance notice of any substantive changes, but reserve the right to make such modifications immediately if required. If you use Stark Apps Services after any of such changes become effective you are accepting the new Privacy Policy. If you do not agree, do not use or access (or continue to use or access) the Services. It is your responsibility to check if there have been changes to these Privacy Policy and to review such changes.
Stark Apps is committed to ensure the confidentiality of personal information. If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, please contact us at support@candyislandapp.com or office@modernstark.com