PLUS offer: 30 day free trial.
Redeem now
Privacy policy
Browse:
Terms of service
,
Privacy policy
,
Cookie policy
Thank you for using Map My Tracks.
Our mission is to help get you active, stay fit and enjoy the outdoors. To do that, we collect information from you when you use our Service. This privacy policy aims to outline in a simple, clear way what information we collect and how it is used.
If you have any questions about the information we hold about you then please contact us at privacy@mapmytracks.com and we will answer any questions you may have.
What does this Privacy Policy cover?
This Privacy Policy covers our treatment of information that we gather when you are accessing or using our Services, including this website and our apps, or when you contact us in any manner. We gather various types of information, including information that identifies you as an individual (“Personal Information”) from our users, as explained in more detail below.
Who owns your content?
You own your content. We don’t. All your content belongs to you. We don’t spy on you or your content and it is only shared according to your own decisions.
What information do we collect?
Information you provide to us
When you sign up for and use our Services, consult with our support team, send us an email, post on our blog, integrate our Services with another website or service, or communicate with us in any way, you are voluntarily giving us information that we collect. That information may include your name and email address as well as details including gender, location, purchase history, and other demographic information you provide to us. By giving us this information, you consent to this information being collected, used, disclosed, transferred to the United Kingdom and Ireland and stored by us, as described in our Terms of Service and in this Privacy Policy.
Information collected automatically
When you use the Services, we may collect information about your visit to our Services, your usage of the Services, and your web browsing while using our Service. That information may include your IP address, your operating system, your browser ID, your browsing activity, and other information about how you interacted with our Services. We may collect this information as a part of log files as well as through the use of cookies or other tracking technologies. Our use of cookies and other tracking technologies is discussed more below, and in more detail in our
Cookie Policy
.
What we do with the information collected?
We may use the information we collect from our users in connection with the Services we provide for a range of reasons, including to:
To administer our services and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, statistical and survey purposes;
To improve our Services to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;
Analyze customers’ use of our Services for trend monitoring, marketing and advertising purposes;
To set up a user account;
Provide, operate and maintain the Services;
Process and complete transactions, and send related information, including transaction confirmations and invoices;
Manage our customers’ use of the Services, respond to enquiries and comments and provide customer service and support;
Send users email alerts, updates, security notifications, and administrative communications;
Investigate and prevent fraudulent activities, unauthorized access to the Services, and other illegal activities; and
For any other purposes about which we notify customers and users.
We may also use the information you send to us via our Services, to communicate with you via email and, possibly, other means, regarding products, services, offers, promotions and events we think may be of interest to you or to send you our newsletter, if this is in accordance with your marketing preferences.  However, you will always be able to opt-out of such communications at any time (see the “Your Choices” section below).
How do we share and disclose information to third parties?
We do not rent or sell your Personal Information to anyone. We may share and disclose information (including Personal Information) about our users in the following limited circumstances:
Vendors, consultants and other service providers
We may share your information with third party vendors, consultants and other service providers who we employ to perform tasks on our behalf. These companies include (for example) our payment processing providers, website and app analytics companies (e.g., Google Analytics), product feedback or help desk software providers (e.g. Desk), email service providers (e.g., Mandrill) and others.
Business transfers
We may choose to buy or sell assets, and may share and/or transfer user information in connection with the evaluation of and entry into such transactions. Also, if we (or our assets) are acquired, or if we go out of business, enter bankruptcy, or go through some other change of control, Personal Information could be one of the assets transferred to or acquired by a third party.
Protection of Map My Tracks and others
We reserve the right to access, read, preserve, and disclose any information as necessary to comply with law or court order; enforce or apply our agreements with you and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of Map My Tracks, our employees, our users, or others.
Disclosures for national security or law enforcement
Under certain circumstances, we may be required to disclose your Personal Information in response to valid requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
Cookies and other tracking technologies
Our website uses cookies (small text files containing a string of alphanumeric characters that we put on your computer) and other similar tracking technologies (like web beacons, tags and scripts) to uniquely identify your browser and to gather information about how you interact with the Services. We use this information for the following purposes:
Assisting you in navigation;
Assisting in registration, login, and your ability to provide feedback;
Analyzing your use of our products, services or applications; and
Assisting with our promotional and marketing efforts.
Please consult our
Cookie Policy
for more information about the type of cookies and tracking technologies that we use on this website and why, and how to accept and reject them.
We also may use clear gifs in HTML-based emails sent to our users to track which emails are opened by recipients. This information is used to enable more accurate reporting, improve the effectiveness of our marketing, and make our Services better for our users.
We also utilize Google Analytics, a web analysis service provided by Google, to better understand your use of our Websites and Services. Google Analytics collects information such as how often users visit the Websites, what pages they visit and what other sites they used prior to visiting. Google uses the data collected to track and examine the use of the website and apps, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services. Google may use the data collected on our Services to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to the website is restricted by the
Google Analytics Terms of Use
and the
Google Privacy Policy
. Google offers an opt-out mechanism for the web available
here
.
How long we keep your data for?
We keep your information for as long as you have an account with Map My Tracks in order to provide you with a personalised experience. If you choose to delete your account with Map My Tracks we will delete, in full, all your personal information held with us.
Login to your account
on our website to deleted your account and all your data.
Where we operate
Our servers are located in the United Kingdom and Ireland, so by using our Services you authorise us to transfer and store your information outside your home country, including in the United States, and have your information transferred to, stored, or processed in the United Kingdom and Ireland. By using our Services, you understand and consent to the collection, storage, processing, and transfer of your information to our facilities in the United Kingdom and Ireland and those third parties with whom we share it as described in this policy.
Who controls the data collected?
The data controller of Map My Tracks is Tinderhouse Limited, a UK Private Limited Company with company registration number: 04649741.
Whose registered office is:
Innovation Centre
University Road
Canterbury
CT2 7FG
Great Britain
And whose operating office is:
Innovation Centre
University Road
Canterbury
CT2 7FG
Great Britain
Your privacy rights
What choices do you have?
You can always opt not to disclose information to us, but keep in mind some information may be needed to register with us or to take advantage of some of our features.
Cookies
You can accept or reject cookies by clicking the “cookie settings” button in our
Cookie Policy
. You can also do so by adjusting your web browser controls. Please consult our
Cookie Policy
for more information about our use of cookies and how to accept and reject them.
Marketing communications
You can opt-out of receiving certain promotional or marketing communications from us at any time, by using the unsubscribe link in the emails communications we send or by adjusting your preferences in the setting on our website and app.
If you have any account for our Services, we will still send you non-promotional communications, like service related emails.
Access to and control of the information we collect
You have options in relation to the information that we have about you which are described below. To exercise these options, please contact us. If you’re an EEA user you are granted certain rights in line with GDPR, however, as a global company we wish to extend these options to all our users around the world:
Access the information we hold about you. We can usually share this with you within 30 days of you asking us for it;
Get your information corrected or deleted. You can update your information in Settings on the website and in our apps. If you have problems with updating the information or if you would like us to delete it, please contact us;
Object to us processing your information. You can ask us to stop using your information, including when we use your information to send you marketing emails or push notifications. If you opt out of receiving marketing messages from us, we may still send you newsletters and updates about your account, such as when another user comments on one of your activities. We only send you marketing material if you’ve agreed to it but, if you’d rather we didn’t, you can easily unsubscribe at any time;
Have the information you provided to us sent to another organisation, where we hold this information with your consent or for the performance of a contract with you, where it’s technically feasible; and
Complain to a regulator. If you’re based in the EEA and think that we haven’t complied with data protection laws, you have a right to lodge a complaint with the Data Protection Commissioner in your local supervisory authority.
Children
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 16. If you are under 16, please do not attempt to register for the Services or send any Personal Information about yourself to us. If we learn that we have collected Personal Information from a child under age 16, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that a child under 16 may have provided us Personal Information, please contact us at support@mapmytracks.com.
How we make changes to this policy
This privacy policy may change from time to time in line with legislation or industry developments. We will not explicitly inform our clients or website users of these changes. Instead, we recommend that you check this page occasionally for any policy changes. Specific policy changes and updates are mentioned in the changelog below.
Change log
1/5/2018 	Updated in line with GDPR requirements
20/2/2007	Privacy policy instigated
Get started. Download the app today.
iPhone
Android
Upgrade to PLUS to access the best of Map My Tracks including detailed performance analysis, live tracking, unlimited data retention and more. Map My Tracks PLUS is an affordable way to better understand your performance and organise your workouts. Try PLUS free for 30 days.
START FREE TRIAL
How Map My Tracks uses cookies
Essential website cookies
Analytics cookies
Targeting cookies
More information
Privacy preferences
Active
Always active
Save settings
Allow all
We use cookies to personalise content and to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners.
Cookie policy
Close
Accept Cookies
Cookie Settings
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/:
Privacy & Terms