Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
PRIVACY POLICY
Blast Bit Enterprises AB, a Swedish corporation, with registered and business offices at Renmarkstorget 5D, 903 26 Umeå, Sweden, (“Blast Bit”) respects your privacy and provides you with this Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) so that you may understand the ways in which we do and do not use the information you transmit when accessing and playing the Blast Bit Game(s), accessing and using websites, platforms, software services and related services (hereinafter the “Game”). Please note that your access and/or playing of the Game constitutes your acceptance of this Privacy Policy as well as our Terms of Use.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THIS PRIVACY POLICY PLEASE DO NOT ACCESS AND/OR PLAY THE GAME.
1.
Definitions
“
Applicable Data Protection Legislation
” means any legislation in force from time to time which implements the European Union Directive 95/46/EC and Directive 2002/58/EC and the General Data Protection Regulation (“
GDPR
”) 2016/679 of April 27
th
, 2016 and is applicable to this Agreement and all other applicable laws and regulations that may apply to the transfer of Personal Data.
“
Personal Data
” shall mean any information relating to a
Data subject; an identifiable person is one who can be defined, directly or indirectly, notably by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier, or to one or more factors specific to his/her physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person. Contact data and Service Data are Personal Data.
“Contact Data
” means any names, phone numbers, e-mail addresses and certain financial details held within commercial systems to conduct the Parties’ relationship management and billing transactions between the Parties;
“
Controller
”, “
Data Subject
”, “
Personal Data
”, “
Process/Processing
” and “
Processor
”, shall have the same meaning as in the European Union Directive 95/46/EC or the General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 of April 27
th
, 2016.
“
Service Data
” means any Party’s Personal Data (that is not Contact Data) held within the Parties’ systems, applications or databases and that may be accessed, processed, used or stored as a consequence of performing the services under the Agreement.
“
Third Country
” means a country that is: (i) outside of the European Economic Area; and (ii) not the subject of a formal decision by the European Commission, made pursuant to Section 25(6) of the European Union Directive 95/46/EC or under Article 45 (1) of the General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679, stating that that country ensures an adequate level of protection for personal Data.
2.
Collection of information
Information collected through the Game
Where applicable, access and playing of certain basic Game versions, experience of certain basic content and games features may not require registering of an account with Blast Bit and where applicable platform/service providers that are providing the Game etc. to you. However, in order to access and play the complete Game, access certain premium game functions, levels, content and features you must register an account with Blast Bit and/or the platform/service providers that are providing the Game etc. to you. You must then create an account on the Game’s webpage or on the platform/service providers’ platforms that hosts the Game to access such premium game functions, levels, content and features etc. To create an account you are required to provide certain mandatory information such as your name, your email address, account login etc. which is mandatory in order to be able to establish an account. Blast Bit and/or the platform/service providers (i.e. Apple App Store, Google Play Steam, Xbox, Playstation etc.) collects financial information on the terms and conditions set out in this Privacy Policy. Blast Bit does not use financial information for any purpose other than processing payments. Further you may, but may not be required to, provide certain voluntary information such as date of birth, screen name, your personal profile in the Game, interests in and use of various games, products and services, and any other personal or preference information which you may choose to voluntarily provide.
Blast Bit may also collect and process other information when you interact with the Game online, such as the type of browser you are using, the type of operating system you are using; the IP address or other unique identifier such as a device identifier of any of your computer(s) or device(s) that are used to access the Game. Such information will be collected and processed irrespective of whether you only access the Game or if you actually play the Game. Blast Bit may also collect and process certain information when you as a user with a user account interact with the Game such as the information in your personal profile, the relationships you form in the Game, the messages you send, the groups you form, the events you set up, the applications you add and the information you transmit information through various channels.
Information collected through other sources
Blast Bit may also collect information about you from other sources, such as third party sites or platforms, newspapers, blogs, instant messaging services, and other End Users of the Game through the operation of the Game in order to provide you with more useful information and a more personalized experience.
3.
Cookies and logs etc.
Cookies.
A cookie is information a website places on your computer’s hard drive so that the website is able to remember your preferences and/or which pages you visited on the website and make your visit more efficient and enjoyable. Blast Bit may use cookies to determine the number of unique players of the Game over a given period, or to remember user account details, etc. so that the need for multiple log-ins is eliminated. It may combine information collected through cookies to any Personal Data submitted online when using the Game to help personalize a user’s access to and playing of the Game. Cookies may be disabled on your computer by indicating this in the preferences or options menus in your browser.
Logfiles
. Log files are files that log actions that have occurred on a website. Blast Bit may collect data in the form of log files and may use such log files to gather statistics about End Users user habits and to assess overall Game activity, including how many "hits" a particular web page is getting and other navigational data. These entries are generated anonymously, and enable Blast Bit to track interest in specific promotions, troubleshoot technical concerns, and provide End Users with content that may be of interest to them. Log files are used internally only, and are not associated with any particular user, computer, or browser.
Web beacons
. The Game may use a variety of technical methods for tracking purposes, including “Web beacons” etc. Web beacons are small pieces of data that are embedded in images on the pages of the Game. We may also use these technical methods to analyze the traffic patterns in the Game such as the frequency with which End Users accesses various parts of the Game etc. These technical methods may involve the transmission of information either directly to us or to another party authorized by us to collect information on our behalf. The information from use of these technical methods may be collected in a form that is personally identifiable.
4.
Use of information – Purpose and legal basis
Blast Bit will use information about you for the following purposes in accordance with applicable laws:
Age identification
To identify your age for data protection purposes, for example to determine the legal requirements for processing of Personal Data. We requests that anyone under the age of 18 not send any Personal Data about themselves over the Internet unless sent under the supervision of their parent or guardian. We do not knowingly collect Personal Data from children under 13 years old in the Game. We believe it is important to safeguard the privacy of children and encourage parents to regularly monitor their children’s use of online activities. If you are a parent and believe that your child under the age of 13 has accessed and/or played the Game and provided personally identifiable information to us, please contact us at privacy@blastbit.net or the mailing address at the end of this Privacy Policy and we will work to delete that account and any such personally identifiable information. This in compliance with Article 6(1)(c) of the GDPR.
Information you provide or is collected from you in or in relation to the Game and information from other sources
Information is provided by you or collected in or in relation to the Game and/or collected from other sources in order to:
·
provide, operate, improve and maintain the Game, game experience and services, your account(s);
·
personalize the Game, content, loyalty programs and related services to you;
·
send technical notices, updates, security alerts,
·
for support and troubleshooting reasons;
·
send support and administrative messages
·
provide news and information about the Game about our games and products;
·
monitor the end users playing of the Game and activities in the Game;
·
facilitate sharing on social networks;
·
provide adults with advertising in accordance with given consent and/or permissible laws;
·
provide children reasonable contextual advertisements in the Game accordance with permissible laws;
·
identify, fix, and troubleshoot bugs and service errors, provide software updates etc;
·
resolve disputes, investigate and help curb fraud and illegal behavior, comply with the law, and to enforce our agreements and policies;
·
survey end users opinions about the game and related matters through surveys or questionnaires;
·
communication reasons related to the Game and related matters;
·
manage the Game and send you confirmations and important information about your account, products, purchases, subscriptions, and warranties;
·
present offers and/or information relating to the Games and other games that you might like;
·
make recommendations to you; and
·
personalize advertising for you and deliver targeted marketing, service updates and promotional offers.
Processing of this information is necessary for the purpose of performance of a contract to which you are party in order to support the operation of the Game facilitate the delivery of requested products and services and enable maintenance and update of the Game under Article 6(1)(b) of the GDPR and purposes is justified by our legitimate interests in providing advertisements and content of interest to you and improving our services in accordance with Article 6(1)(f) of the GDPR ("the balancing-of-interest rule"). Disclosure of your advertising ID to third parties for the purposes of behavioral advertising is based on your consent in accordance with Article 6(1)(a) of the GDPR. We only process your information to the extent that is necessary to achieve the purposes for which the information has been collected.
5.
Storage of Personal data
With respect to processing of Personal Data Blast Bit is Data Controller. Blast Bit shall (i) Not keep the Personal Data for longer than is necessary for the purposes of performing the Agreement unless further storage is required in order to establish, exercise or defend a legal claim or to comply with applicable law, including accounting rules; (ii) Store, process and use the Personal Data for the sole purpose of performing the Agreement; and (iii) Ensure that their employees and employees of their affiliates and subcontractors involved in the performance of the Agreement comply with the provisions of this agreement (iv) Implement all reasonable technical and organizational measures to protect your Personal Data against any accidental or unlawful destruction, accidental loss, unauthorized alteration, communication or access, (v) Where applicable report to you, upon its occurrence, any unauthorized access, disclosure, use, modification or destruction of  your Personal Data, (vi) Refrain from exporting or transferring  your Personal Data to any Third Country, and from collecting, using or Processing Personal Data within any Third Country, unless prior to the transfer we have ensured that an adequate level of protection of the Personal Data has been implemented in accordance with the terms and conditions stated in section 9 of this Agreement (International Data Transfers). Personal Data are deleted or anonymized as soon as it no longer serves one of the above mentioned purposes and in any event no later than three (3) years after your interaction with us has ended.
6.
Information we share with third parties
As a general rule we will not share Personal Data that directly identifies you (such as your name, e-mail or postal address) with independent third parties without your consent, unless it is either required by law or we determine that disclosure is reasonably necessary to enforce our rights, property or operations or to protect our players or third parties. We may share anonymous or aggregated information, or other data that does not directly identify you, with third parties, for instance your persona on leaderboards or to show trends about use of our products.
Notwithstanding the forgoing, we may share information about you with certain third parties based on the legal basis in Articles 6(1)(b), 6(1)(c) and 6(1)(f) of the GDPR as follows:
·
Third Party Agents and Contractors
We may share information about you with third party agents and contractors in order to provide the Game to you, for ongoing development, for analytical purposes etc. We will only provide information to such third party agents and contractors for their performances of their specific assignments for us and consistent with this Privacy Policy, and for no other purposes and provided that such third party agents and contractors have ensured an adequate level of protection of the Personal Data in accordance with all Applicable Data Protection Legislation and/or though agreements with us.
·
Social networks
Where the Game and related services is accessed and/or provided through social networks.
·
Third parties
When required by applicable law, rule, regulation, legal process, in the process of negotiations of, any mergers and acquisitions, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company where personally identifiable information submitted to us may be transferred to the acquiring entity.
·
Courts, law enforcement agencies, legal authorities etc.
When ordered or requested by courts, legal authorities etc. and required in order for us to abide by applicable laws, or to protect our rights, in defense in law suits, property or safety of Blast Bit, the Game, end users etc.
·
Other end users
In order to provide certain Game features.
·
Advertising networks
For advertising purposes. We may share your advertising ID with advertising in order to serving behavioral advertisements to you within the Game if you have given consent in accordance with Article 6(1)(a) of the GDPR.
Where applicable certain third parties’ use of Personal Data will not be covered by this Privacy Policy. In such instances you must review such third parties’ privacy policies.
We use or may use the following service providers in our services:
Ad Networks
:
https://www.applovin.com/privacy/
https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy/
https://developers.is.com/ironsource-mobile/air/ironsource-mobile-privacy-policy/
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/policy
Analytics
:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
7.
Payment information
In order to access the complete Game, certain premium game functions, levels, content and features etc. you are required to pay certain fees. When purchasing such features and functions etc. you may be asked by the platform/service providers to provide certain personally identifiable information, such as full name, billing address, email address, phone number and credit card number/expiration date etc. Please note that you must be the age of 18 or older to make purchases in the Game.
Once End Users have successfully entered valid credit card information etc. and completed the order process, a purchasing account will be created and maintained for them. The platform/service providers will use the information provided to process the End User’s order and to send order confirmations via email, as well as to make future purchases easier for the End User. Blast Bit does not sell, transfer or share customer information with third parties, except where applicable the information is transferred, disclosed and shared with its third-party agent(s) who uses the information solely to handle and deliver certain online activities necessary to operate Blast Bit’ business (e.g. processing orders and payments).
8.
Security
Blast Bit has taken reasonable steps to ensure that the personally identifiable information it collects is secure and we have taken reasonable measures to protect the confidentiality, security, and integrity of the Personal Data collected from our Game’s End Users. Personal Data is stored in secure operating environments that are not available to the public and that are only accessible to authorized employees and contractors. We also have security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. However, there is no such thing as perfect security. As a result, although we strive to protect personally identifying information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information transmitted to us through or in connection with the Game, that we store on our systems or that is stored on our service providers' systems.
Please note that Blast Bit may provide links to other games and websites that are operated and hosted by third parties who may have their own information collection practices. Those other games and websites are governed by their own privacy policies, which may be substantially different from Blast Bit’ policies. Visitors to other games and websites are encouraged to review the privacy policies and information collection practices of those websites.
Any improper collection or misuse of User Content or information provided in the Game is a violation of the Terms of Use and should be reported to Blast Bit at privacy@blastbit.net.
9.
International Data Transfers
We may transfer and share your information to third parties (including service providers operating on our behalf) which may be located in countries outside the European Union (“EU”) and/or the European Economic Area (“EEA”) which may not have the same level of data protection laws as those in the country where you are located. Where your data is sent to a country outside the EU/EEA that is not subject to an adequacy decision by the EU Commission, the transfers will only occur based on the following safeguards: i) If the entity is certified to comply with the principles for data protection under the US-EU Privacy Shield Framework ("Privacy Shield") (see Privacy Shield at www.privacyshield.gov), or ii) If we have entered into EU Commission approved standard contractual clauses with the entity, which is deemed to offer sufficient safeguards with respect to the protection of the privacy and fundamental rights and freedoms of individuals.
10.
Your Choices and Controls
You have the following rights regarding your Personal Data:
The right to request access
In accordance to Article 15 of the GDPR you may request access to processed Personal Data. This includes confirmation as to whether or not personal data concerning him or her are being processed, and, where that is the case, access to the personal data and the following information:
·
the purposes of the processing;
·
the categories of Personal Data concerned;
·
the recipients or categories of recipient to whom the Personal Data have been or will be disclosed, in particular recipients in third countries or international organizations;
·
where possible, the envisaged period for which the personal data will be stored
or, if not possible, the criteria used to determine that period;
·
the existence of the right to request from the controller rectification or erasure of personal data or restriction of processing of personal data concerning the data subject or to object to such processing;
·
the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority;
·
where the Personal Data are not collected from you, any available information as to the source;
·
the existence of automated decision-making, including profiling, referred to in Article 22(1) and (4) and, at least in those cases, meaningful information about the logic involved, as well as the significance and the envisaged consequences of such processing for the data subject.
Where Personal Data are transferred to a third country or to an international organization, you have the right to be informed of the appropriate safeguards pursuant to Article 46 relating to the transfer.
You shall be provided a copy of the Personal Data undergoing processing. For any further copies requested, we may charge a reasonable fee based on administrative costs. Where you makes the request by electronic means, and unless otherwise requested by you, the information shall be provided in a commonly used electronic form. The right to obtain a copy shall not adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others. Please note that the access may be restricted due to intellectual property or trade secrets.
The right to object
You have the right to object to the Personal Data processing on grounds relating to your particular situation when the data are processed based on the balancing-of-interest rule in Article 6(1)(f) of the GDPR, see Article 21 of the GDPR. In this case, we will cease the processing unless there are compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms or if the processing is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims. You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Data for direct marketing purposes at any time. We will cease the processing of your Personal Data for this purpose after the objection. Please note that if you exercise this right, your user license to use the Game and related services will cease automatically.
Right of correction and erasure
You have the right to have inaccurate Personal Data rectified, in accordance with Article 16 of the GDPR.
You have the right to have your Personal Data erased where one of the following grounds applies, see Article 17 of the GDPR:
·
The Personal data is no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which it was collected or otherwise processed,
·
if you have withdrawn your consent and there are no other legal grounds for the processing,
·
if you have objected to the processing and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for the processing,
·
the personal data have to be erased for compliance with a legal obligation in Union or Member State law,
·
the personal data have been unlawfully processed or
·
the personal data have been collected in relation to the offer of information society services.
Please note that your right to erasure may be limited if the data are necessary for compliance with a legal obligation or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
The right to restriction
You have the right to obtain restriction of processing in certain circumstances, in accordance with Article 18 of the GDPR. If you have the right to restriction, we will only process your Personal Data with your consent or for the establishment, exercise or defense of a legal claim or to protect a person or important grounds of public interest.
The right to withdraw consent
If we have asked for your consent to our processing of your Personal Data, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time, in accordance with Article 7 of the GDPR. If you withdraw your consent, we will cease processing of the Personal Data for which you have withdrawn consent, unless we have a legal obligation to keep some or parts of your data. Please note that if you withdraw your consent, your right to play the Game and related services will cease automatically. The withdrawal of your consent does not affect the lawfulness of processing based on your consent before its withdrawal.
The right to data portability
You have the right to receive your Personal Data that you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and have the right to transmit those data to another controller without hinderance if the processing is based on consent or contract performance, sin accordance with Article 20 of the GDPR.
Changing or Removing Account Information
Access and control over most Personal Data in the Game may readily available through the profile editing tools on the webpage or the gaming platforms. End Users may modify or delete any or all of their profile information at any time by logging into their accounts. Information will be updated as soon as possible. End Users who wish to deactivate their Game account may do so in their accounts on the webpage or the gaming platforms. Removed information may persist in backup copies for a reasonable period of time but will not be generally available to other End Users or visitors of the Game. You cannot however remove communications made in any communication features in the Game, which might have been shared with other End Users (for example sending personal messages to another End Users).
If you wish to invoke any of the rights described above, you may contact us at any time by emailing us at privacy@blastbit.net We will process and answer your requests without undue delay and in any event within one month of our receipt of the request unless a longer period is required due to the complexity of the request. In this case, our response time can be up to three months in total as permitted by Article 12 of the GDPR.
11.
Disputes
Disputes between you and Blast Bit
OUR GOAL IS TO RESOLVE DISPUTES FAIRLY AND QUICKLY. FOR ALL DISPUTES AGAINST BLAST BIT, YOU AGREE TO FIRST CONTACT BLAST BIT AND TRY TO RESOLVE THE DISPUTE INFORMALLY BY SENDING A WRITTEN NOTICE OF THE CLAIM ("NOTICE") TO BLAST BIT. THE NOTICE TO BLAST BIT MUST BE SENT VIA REGISTERED LETTER TO THE ADDRESS LISTED IN SECTION 17 BELOW OR BY EMAIL WITH CONFIRMATION OF RECEIPT. THE NOTICE MUST (A) INCLUDE YOUR NAME, YOUR RESIDENTIAL ADDRESS AND E-MAIL ADDRESS AND / OR MOBILE PHONE NUMBER ASSOCIATED WITH YOUR ACCOUNT REGISTERED WITH BLAST BIT AND/OR THE PLATFORM/SERVICE PROVIDER; (B) DESCRIBE THE TYPE AND REASON FOR THE CLAIM; AND (C) SPECIFY THE SPECIFIC COMPENSATION SOUGHT, IF ANY. IF YOU AND BLAST BIT CANNOT AGREE ON A SOLUTION TO THE DISPUTE WITHIN 60 DAYS OF RECEIVING SUCH A NOTICE, EITHER PARTY MAY INITIATE LEGAL PROCEEDINGS IN ACCORDANCE WITH SECTIONS 12-15 BELOW.
User disputes
You are solely responsible for your interactions with other users of the Game. We reserve the right, but have no obligation, to monitor disputes between you and other users.
12.
Arbitration
If you are located within the United States of America, the following applies to you: Any claim (excluding claims for injunctive or other equitable relief) where the total amount of the award sought by either party is less than $10,000 shall be resolved via binding non-appearance-based arbitration initiated through the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”). The AAA Rules are available online at www.adr.org or by calling the AAA at 1-800-778-7879. In any such arbitration, the parties and AAA must comply with the following rules: (a) the arbitration shall be conducted by telephone, online and/or be solely based on written submissions, the specific manner shall be chosen by the party initiating the arbitration; (b) the arbitration shall not involve any personal appearance by the parties or witnesses unless otherwise mutually agreed by the parties; (c) the arbitrator may award injunctive or declaratory relief only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by that party’s individual claim; and (d) any judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction. Nothing in this Agreement shall prevent either party from seeking remedies in small claims court of competent jurisdiction.
The right to refrain from arbitration. You may choose to waive this arbitration term. Then neither you nor Blast Bit can demand that the other party take part in arbitration proceedings. In order to refrain, you must inform Blast Bit in writing about this within 30 days of obtaining notice of this Arbitration section. You must provide the name and address, the e-mail address associated with your Game account (if you have one) and a clear wording that you want to waive the arbitration terms. All requests to refrain from arbitration must be sent to: Blast Bit AB, Östra Rådhusgatan 6, 903 26 Umeå, Sweden and marked “Waiver of Arbitration”. If you do not waive this arbitration section it will continue to apply to you.
13.
Class action waiver
YOU AGREE THAT ANY AND ALL CLAIMS MUST BE MADE IN YOUR INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING.
14.
Claims
YOU AND BLAST BIT AGREE THAT ANY CAUSE OF ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THE TERMS OF USE OR THIS PRIVACY POLICY MUST COMMENCE WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR AFTER THE CAUSE OF ACTION ACCRUES. OTHERWISE, SUCH CAUSE OF ACTION IS PERMANENTLY BARRED.
15.
Governing law
(a) If you are located outside of the United States of America this Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Sweden, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law, and the parties hereby consent to the sole and exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Sweden, with the district court of Umeå (Umeå Tingsrätt) as first venue, to resolve any disputes arising out of or relating to this Agreement.
(b) If you are located within the United States of America, and unless otherwise required by a mandatory law of any jurisdiction, this Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of New York, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law. You agree that any action arising out of or relating to these Terms of Use that is not subject to mandatory arbitration as set forth above in section 12 shall be filed only in the state or federal courts in and for New York County, New York and you hereby consent and submit to the personal jurisdiction of such courts for the purposes of litigating any such action.
(c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, Blast Bit may apply to any court of competent jurisdiction for injunctive or other equitable relief.
16.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy applies to all information collected by us or provided to us on and after the Effective Date. This Privacy Policy is subject to change and we may make any changes to this Privacy Policy as we see fit. Blast Bit will notify you of material changes by posting them in the Game, or on the websites etc. You are encouraged to check back and review this Privacy Policy from time to time so that you will always know what information is collected how it is used and to whom it is disclosed. Your continued use of our services and playing of the Game subject to this Privacy Policy will signify your acceptance of Privacy Policy changes.
17.
Contact
If you have any questions, complaints or comments regarding our Privacy Policy, please contact Blast Bit at:
Blast Bit EnterprisesAB,
Renmarkstorget 5D
903 26 Umeå
Sweden
email: privacy@blastbit.net
Last Updated: May 9, 202022
Page updated
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com/url?q=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.applovin.com%2Fprivacy%2F&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AOvVaw2ZOZUOm091MR20qoucBphi:
Products
Axon
AI-powered recommendation engine
AppDiscovery
Acquire your ideal users
MAX
Monetize your app
SparkLabs
Create ads that perform
AppLovin Exchange
Reach your audience
Array
Increase value across customer’s lifecycle
Adjust
Measure your marketing
Wurl
Our streaming TV solution
Solutions
Increase ARPDAU
Grow Ad Inventory
Acquire App Users
Increase IAPs
Resources
Success Stories
Blog
Video Library
Guides and Reports
Glossary
Events
View all resources
More about us
Partners
Jobs
NEW
Press
About Us
Sign Up
Sign In
ENG
中文
日本語
한국어
Privacy Policy
Overview
Policies
Privacy Policy
隐私政策
Datenschutzerklärung
プライバシーポリシー
개인정보 보호 정책
Política de Privacidade
Politique de confidentialité
AppLovin Partners
AppLovin Policies for Publishers
AppLovin Policies for Demand Partners
AppLovin Array Privacy Policy
Terms
Terms of Use
使用协议条款
Vereinbarung über die Nutzungsbedingungen
利用規約
이용 약관 계약
Contrato de Termos de Uso
Accord sur les Conditions d’utilisation
DMCA Notice
End User License Agreement — Software
AppLovin Array Terms of Service
APPLOVIN PLATFORM DATA PROCESSING AGREEMENT
AppLovin Demand Partner Data Processing Agreement
Effective Date
: October 30, 2024
You can find the prior version
here
.
AppLovin Corporation (“we,” “us,” “our,” or “AppLovin”) operates a suite of tools for app developers and other businesses to automate and optimize the marketing and monetization of their platforms, products, or services by enabling the placement of different types of advertisements on digital properties including mobile apps, websites, and connected TV devices (collectively, the “Advertising Services” or “Services”).  As explained below, consumers interact with us in a few ways, primarily through advertisements served by AppLovin on behalf of advertisers.
The AppLovin Privacy Policy (this “Privacy Policy”) explains how we collect, use, and share information through our Services and advertising platform, and our corporate website at www.applovin.com (the “Website”), as well as your choices related to that information.
Contents
Our Advertising Services
This section describes the information we collect, use, and share through our Advertising Services.
General Information Collection and Use
If you are a consumer who downloads and uses an application which contains the AppLovin SDK or otherwise interacts with the Services through advertisements served within a digital property, we may collect certain information, including the following:
Device, App, and Browser Data
Device make, model, and operating system;
Device properties related to screen size, orientation, audio, battery, device memory usage, settings, and boot time;
Device settings related to accessibility features, font size, and theme;
Carrier;
Name and properties of mobile application through which a consumer interacts with the Services;
Country, time zone, and locale settings (country and preferred language);
Network connection type and speed;
IP Address;
Internet browser user-agent used to access the Services;
HTTP header information;
Advertising IDs (IDFA/GAID/Amazon FOSAID);
Vendor IDs (IDFV);
App Set IDs; and
Advertising and tracking preferences and restrictions.
Application publishers may choose to share with us additional information including your age or year of birth, gender, email, phone number, and interest segments for purposes of their own direct ad serving.  We do not retain this data or pass it downstream to advertising partners.  Please see the applicable publisher’s privacy policy for more information about their use of first party data.
Advertisers (through the advertiser itself or through a third party service provider on behalf of such advertiser) may also share transactional or “event” data related to a consumer’s interaction with an application, such as information about the actions taken in an application like purchases or application installations.
Information Collection and Use Specific
to
e-Commerce Ads Only
If you are a consumer who interacts with the Services through an e-commerce platform or a merchant website, we may collect certain additional information (that you provided to the e-commerce platform or merchant, through a third party’s API, our SDK, pixel, or other similar technologies), including the following:
User IDs;
Shopping browsing behavior (e.g., views) and search history;
Records of products purchased or considered (e.g., added to cart, check out);
Purchasing histories; and
Information regarding user interactions with advertising partners and their merchant partners’ sites and advertisements.
How We Collect Your Information
This information may be collected automatically across mobile apps and devices or received from third-parties across different technologies over time. We may also combine information we collect with other information we derive through analytical techniques, and we will use that combined information to offer the Services.
How We Use Your Information
We generally use the information we collect to:
Deliver the Services, maintain, and improve them, including our AI-powered advertising technology, and research and develop new ones;
Promote safety, security, and integrity of Services;
Provide measurement, analytics, and reporting; and
Comply with legal and regulatory obligations.
We use AI-powered advertising technology (sometimes referred to as “automated decision-making”) to help us improve our advertising products and Services and serve ads that are relevant and interesting to you. We use it in ways that do not produce legal or similarly significant effects on you (for example, by reordering how advertisements might appear when you visit a digital property such as a mobile app or a website).
Information Sharing
We may share information we collect or derive with third parties in the following contexts:
Service Providers.
We transfer information to service providers, and other partners who support our business, such as providing technical infrastructure services, analyzing how our Services are used, measuring the effectiveness of ads and services, providing customer service, or facilitating payments. These partners must adhere to strict confidentiality obligations in a way that is consistent with this Privacy Policy and the agreements we enter into with them.
Affiliates.
We may share information within the AppLovin family of companies for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Advertising Partners.
We share information with our third-party advertising partners, including advertisers, ad networks, exchanges, demand side platforms, merchants, other advertising partners (who aggregate their own demand sources), and ad optimization and measurement/attribution partners (e.g., mobile measurement partners or “MMPs”) to provide our clients with Advertising Services. This information may be used by such third-party partners to measure how effective ads are, show advertisements to end users for products and services that are more likely to appeal to them (a practice known as interest-based advertising or behavioral advertising), and to undertake web analytics to analyze traffic and other ad activity to improve the advertising experience.
Unless otherwise noted in our partner list, each AppLovin advertising partner is an independent controller of your data. You can view a list of AppLovin advertising partners with whom we share your data
here
, current as of the date listed at the top of that page.
If you do not want to receive interest-based advertisements, please see the
“Manage Your Privacy Choices”
section below. If you are located in the European Union, UK, or Switzerland, you may also see the
“Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals”
section below for more options. If you are an individual resident of the U.S. states that have enacted comprehensive consumer privacy laws, you may also review the “
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
” section below for more options.
Please note that the practices of our third-party advertising partners delivering advertisements through our Services are subject to those partners’ own privacy policies.
Regulatory or Legal Requirements.
We may disclose information to governmental regulatory authorities as required by law, including for tax or accounting purposes, in response to their requests for such information or to assist in investigations. We may also disclose personal information to third parties in connection with claims, disputes, or litigation, when otherwise required by law or court order.
Safety and Terms Enforcement.
We may disclose information if we determine, in our sole discretion, that its disclosure is necessary to protect the health, safety, or rights of you or any other person, protect against fraud, or enforce our legal rights, including contractual commitments made to us by third parties.
Business Transfers.
We may disclose personal information as part of an organizational business transaction, such as a merger, acquisition, joint venture, financing, or sale of organizational assets and may transfer personal information to a third party as one of the business assets in such a transaction. We may also disclose personal information in the event of insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership.
Manage Your Privacy Choices:
To limit collection of information from mobile devices, please visit your device’s settings to set the “Limit Ad Track” or other similar features on your device. Additionally, you may opt-out of interest-based advertising within ads served by AppLovin. For detailed instructions, see
How AppLovin Shows You Ads
. You can also make choices about data collection for certain companies by visiting an industry consumer choice platform such as the NAI (
https://optout.networkadvertising.org/
) or DAA (
https://optout.aboutads.info/
).  You may still receive ads after limiting processing of information for interest-based advertising, but those ads may be less relevant to your interests.
To see or manage the data collected by AppLovin from your device, you may download the AppLovin Privacy Management Application from the Apple or Google Play Stores:
By navigating through the tabs in the AppLovin Privacy Management Application, you can erase the personal information that AppLovin may have collected about you or request a copy of that personal information.
Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect personal information from, or serve advertisements to, children as defined and required by applicable laws. If you believe we have served an advertisement to a child or might have any personal information from or about a child, or if you believe a mobile application in which an AppLovin-served advertisement appeared may be designed for, directed to, or pass personal information knowingly from, children in violation of our policies, please contact us via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Data Security and Retention
We implement reasonable measures to help secure the information we collect through the Services. We retain the data we collect through the Services for up to 2 years. Information is automatically purged from our system if the Services do not receive any updated information for a device in the last 2 years. Note that we will retain information in our systems for as long as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
[END OF ADVERTISING SERVICES-SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
Our Website
This section describes the information we collect, use, and share through our Website.
Cookies and Other Similar Technology
The Website uses cookies, web beacons, or other similar technology to collect information for various purposes, including interest-based advertising. This information may include your IP address, device identifier, browser type, device type, the date and time of your visit, and the areas of the Website you visit. To learn more about and manage the cookies on this Website, please click “Cookie Settings” in our Website footer. You may also be able to limit the use of cookies through your browser settings. Note that certain parts of the Website may not function properly without cookies. Additionally, you may still receive ads after limiting processing of information for interest-based advertising, but those ads may be less relevant to your interests. If you erase your cookies, reset your device identifier, or use different browsers or devices, you may need to make your choices again.
We partner with Google Analytics to learn more about how you use our Website. For more information about how Google Analytics works you can visit
here
. To opt-out of Google Analytics, you can visit
here
and follow the instructions.
Additional Information Collection for Business Account Owners
When you register with AppLovin to use our Services, you may provide us with personal information such as your name, email address, phone number, mailing address, user name, and password. You may also provide us with payment information when you submit or receive a payment, or other information when you complete the online forms available on the Website. We may also acquire information from other trusted sources to update or supplement the information that you voluntarily provide to us or that we collect automatically.
How We Use Your Information
We may use the information we collect or you provide to us through the Website for various purposes, including:
To communicate with you, for example through newsletters or with other information about our products and services;
To operate and improve the Website and our Services;
To customize the Website;
For analytics and research;
For marketing purposes; and
For purposes disclosed at the time of collection.
Information Sharing
We may share information we collect through the Website in the following contexts:
With your consent;
For advertising and marketing purposes;
In response to a subpoena, court order, or other legal process;
To protect our rights and the rights of others;
With our affiliates;
With service providers that help us operate the Website and Services;
As part of a sale, merger, or acquisition, including at bankruptcy; and
For purposes disclosed at the time of collection.
Links to Other Websites
The Website may provide links to other websites or other digital properties that we do not control. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of those digital properties that you may visit.
Updating Information
You can update the personal information you provide to us by correcting, updating, or deleting the information associated with you via your AppLovin account. To add, modify, remove, or request access to the personal information about you that we hold, please see the
“Contact Us”
section below.
Your Marketing Choices
If you no longer wish to receive marketing-related emails from us on a going-forward basis, you may opt out of receiving these emails by clicking “Unsubscribe” at the bottom of any marketing email you receive from us or by emailing us at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Children
Our Website is not intended for use by children as defined and required by applicable law. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children through the Website. If you believe we might have any personal information from or about a child, please contact us via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Data Security and Retention
We have implemented reasonable physical, technical, and administrative security measures for the Website to help protect information we collect and store.
For detailed information regarding retention associated with cookies on the applovin.com domain, please click “Cookie Settings” in our Website footer to learn more.
We retain other information such as customer contact and payment information in our systems for as long as necessary as permitted by law to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
[END OF WEBSITE-SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals
If you are located in the European Union, United Kingdom, or Switzerland, the following additional provisions apply to you.
Data Privacy Framework
AppLovin complies with the EU-U.S Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.
AppLovin has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.  AppLovin has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
If you are an EU, UK, or Swiss individual, where we transfer your personal data to third party servicer providers (see above) who perform services for us or on our behalf, we are responsible for the processing of that data by them and shall remain liable if they process your personal data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Data Privacy Framework, AppLovin is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, AppLovin may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, AppLovin commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information. EU, UK, and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact AppLovin at
dataprotection@applovin.com
. AppLovin refers unresolved complaints to TRUSTe, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.  If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
for more information or to file a complaint.  These dispute resolution services are provided at no cost to you.
For complaints regarding DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms, you have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration. Further information can be found on the official DPF website.
Lawful Basis for Processing
On certain occasions, we process your personal data when it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party, such as to provide services to you. We may also process your personal data to respond to your inquiries concerning our products and services.
On other occasions, we process your personal data where required by law. We may also process your personal data if necessary to protect your interests or the interests of a third party.
Additionally, we process your personal data when necessary to do so for fraud prevention, improving our network and services, and marketing our services to advertisers and publishers, where these interests are not overridden by your data protection rights.
If the processing of your personal data is necessary, we will generally ensure that consent has been obtained from you if there is no other lawful basis for such processing. You have the right to withdraw your consent to processing of personal data at any time.
If personal data covered by this Privacy Policy is to be used for a new purpose that is materially different from that for which the personal data was originally collected or subsequently authorized, or is to be disclosed to a non-agent third party in a manner not specified in this Privacy Policy, we will provide you with an opportunity to choose whether to have your personal data so used or disclosed. Requests to opt out of such uses or disclosures of personal data should be sent to us as specified in the “Contact” section below. Certain personal data, such as information about medical or health conditions, racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, is considered “Sensitive Information”. AppLovin does not collect or seek to elicit “Sensitive Information”.
For questions about data processing, please contact our Data Protection Officer. Visit the “Contact” section below for contact information.
Your Rights
If you are an individual in the EU, UK, or Switzerland, you are able:
To request access to the personal data we hold about you;
To request that we rectify or erase your personal data;
To request that we restrict or block the processing of your personal data;
Under certain circumstances, to receive personal data about you that we store and transmit to another without hindrance from us, including requesting that we provide your personal data directly to another, i.e., a right to data portability; and
Where we previously obtained your consent, to withdraw consent to processing your personal data.
To exercise these rights, please contact us at the email address set forth in the
“Contact Us”
section below.  Our Data Protection Officer can also be reached at this email address.  Please be aware that we may be unable to afford these rights to you under certain circumstances, such as if we are legally prevented from doing so.
In certain circumstances, you may appoint an authorized agent to exercise any rights that you may have on your behalf.  If you choose to exercise any rights through an authorized agent, you will need to verify your identity directly with us before we can process any requests.  In addition, we will need written documentation demonstrating the authorized agent’s authority to act on your behalf.
Additionally, you have the right to lodge a complaint against us. To do so, contact the supervisory authority in your country of residence.
EU and UK Privacy Representatives
We have appointed
Prighter Group
as our privacy representatives in the EU and UK.  You can contact us through our privacy representatives at the following addresses:
For residents of the EU
:
PrighterGDPR-Rep by Maetzler Rechtsanwalts GmbH & Co KG
c/o AppLovin Corporation
Kriegerstraße 44
30161 Hannover
Germany
For residents of the UK
:
PrighterUK-Rep by Prighter Ltd.
c/o AppLovin Corporation
20 Mortlake Mortlake High Street
London, SW14 8JN
United Kingdom
Additional information regarding our privacy representatives can be found at the following link:
https://prighter.com/q/19826057144
.
[END OF EU/UK/SWISS SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
Additional provisions for individual residents of the U.S. states that have enacted comprehensive consumer privacy laws are included in our
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
, which explains how those residents may exercise their privacy rights.
Policy Changes
We may, in our sole discretion, make changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time in order to accommodate new technologies, industry practices, regulatory requirements, or for other purposes. If we make any changes, we will update the “Effective Date” posted at the top of this Privacy Policy. If we make any material changes, we may notify you by email (sent to the email address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on the Website prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically to ensure that you understand how we collect, use, and share information.
Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when the revised Privacy Policy is posted on the Website. By continuing to use the Website or Advertising Services following such changes, you are agreeing to accept the terms of the revised Privacy Policy.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please write to us at:
Data Protection Officer
AppLovin Corporation
1100 Page Mill Road
Palo Alto, CA 94304
You can also contact us or our Data Protection Officer via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Please be sure to include your relevant account information in any correspondence to us.  This will help ensure that we can respond to your inquiry in a timely manner.
If you have a customer care issue, please visit
AppLovin Support
.