Privacy Policy
As a general rule,
				this web site does not collect Personal Information about you when
				you visit the site. You can generally visit the site without
				revealing Personal Information, unless you choose to provide such
				information. Any Personal information collected shall be used only
				for the purpose for which you have provided it. In very exceptional
				cases, data could be shared with other government agencies, but this
				will be done only after following the due process. This site may
				contain links to third party sites whose data protection and privacy
				practices may differ from ours. We therefore have no responsibility
				for the content, privacy practices and activities of other websites
				and encourage you to consult the privacy notices of those sites.
Site Visit Data
This website records
				your visit and logs the following information for statistical and
				security purposes your server's address; the name of the top-level
				domain from which you access the Internet (for example, .gov, .com,
				.in, etc.); the type of browser you use; the date and time you
				access the site; the pages you have accessed and the documents
				downloaded and the previous Internet address from which you linked
				directly to the site.
We will not identify users or their browsing activities, except when
				a law enforcement agency may exercise a warrant to inspect the
				service provider's logs.
Cookies
Cookie is a piece of
				software code that an internet web site sends to your browser when
				you access information at that site. This site does not use cookies.
Email Management
Your email address
				will only be recorded if you choose to send/receive a message. It
				will only be used for the purpose for which you have provided it and
				will not be added to a mailing list. Your email address will not be
				used for any other purpose, and will not be disclosed, without your
				consent.
If at any time you believe the principles referred to in this
				privacy policy have not been followed, or have any other comments on
				these principles, please notify the Project Director, Passport Seva
				Project at:
CPV
				Division, Ministry of External Affairs
Patiala House Annexe,
Tilak Marg, New Delhi-110001
E-mail:
dirpsp@mea.gov.in
Fax: 011-23386082
Note:
The use
				of the term "Personal Information" in this privacy statement refers
				to any information from which your identity is apparent or can be
				reasonably ascertained.
Close