Privacy Policy
This privacy policy governs the use of the following software applications ("Applications") that were created by Fresh Logo SRL:
Spell Mania
Spell Grid 1
Spell Grid 2
Brain Games
Cross Word Puzzles
Synonyms Quiz
Spell Color
Scramble With Clues
These Applications are word games for mobile devices (iPhone, iPad) that can be downloaded on the App Store.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure
                    of Personal Information.
If you choose to use our Applications, then you agree to the collection and use of information in
                    relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving
                    the Applications. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described
                    in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Applications, we may require you to provide us with certain
                    personally identifiable information. The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.
The Applications do use third party advertising and analytics services that may collect information used to identify you.
Links to Privacy Policy of third party service providers used by the Applications:
AdMob
MoPub
Firebase Analytics
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Applications, in a case of
                    an error we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone
                    called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address,
                    device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app,
                    the time and date of your use, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers.
                    These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal
                    memory.
Our Applications do not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the Applications may use third party code and
                    libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to
                    either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate the use of our Applications;
To perform Applications-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Applications are used.
We want to inform users of these Applications that these third parties have access to
                    your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However,
                    they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving
                    to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over
                    the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee
                    its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
Our Applications may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed
                    to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly
                    advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over
                    and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites
                    or services.
Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect
                    personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child
                    under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from
                    our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal
                    information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. Summary of changes so far:
January 9, 2019: First published.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to
contact us
.