PRIVACY POLICY
We are IN2CORE, s.r.o. with registered office at Agatova 33, 900 27 Bernolakovo, Slovakia (“IN2CORE”, “we”, “us”, and “our”) and for the purposes of EU data protection legislation, we are the data controller of your Data. This Privacy Notice explains who we are, how we collect, share and use personal information (also “Data”), and how you can exercise your privacy rights. It applies through:
Websites we own, operate or control (“Websites”) such as
qtakehd.com
,
in2core.com
,
qtake.cloud
,
screenport.io
Desktop & mobile applications marketed under brands such as QTAKE Video Assist, QTAKE Server, QTAKE Monitor, QTAKE Cloud and hardware devices such as QOD+, MetaCoder, ScreenPort SDI and other (“Services and Products”), which we develop and provide other related services to.
Data we may collect from you and how we collect it
We only collect Data we need either essentially or to provide you with the best customer experience.
Some of that Data you give to us when you use our Websites, create a QTAKE account, purchase or use our Services and Products, subscribe to a newsletter, contribute to the community forum or ask for technical and customer support. We usually collect your email address, name, company name, contact information such as your billing/mailing address and phone number, device ID (QTAKE Log) and payment card information. We don’t collect or store sensitive Data, except for credit card information and only under your written permission.
When you use our Websites, Services and Product we may also automatically collect some information about your device (such as the IP address, device model) and app usage (such as the dates and times of use of the Services and Products).
When you visit our Websites, we can automatically log some basic Data like how you got to the site, where you navigated within it, and what features and settings you use. We use this information to improve our Websites. This information does not identify you personally. See more details about
Cookies
.
Sometimes we receive Data indirectly, through a social media platform (e.g. when you engage with our brand – like, comment, follow etc.), through a mail service provider (e.g. when interact with our newsletter) or through a payment processor (in order to process a transaction).
We may also receive your Data indirectly, from our resellers. If you contact any of our resellers or otherwise express interest in any of our Services or Products to them, they may pass your name, company name, contact details, device identification (QTAKE Log) and other information to us.
We also collect Data from job applications (such as, your CV, the application form itself, cover letter and interview notes) when you apply for a job at our company.
How we use the Data
To fulfil a contract or to provide pre-sales and post-sales service, which usually includes invoicing, arranging and processing payments, creating and maintaining your user account incl. helping with account recovery, providing relevant service, fulfilling your orders, providing customer support and troubleshooting.
To pursue the contractual obligations or legitimate interest of us or our third party partners and/or service providers; e.g. operating the Websites, responding to support requests, managing our legal and operational obligations or processing your job applications.
Where you give us consent: to send you the newsletter, to place cookies or similar technologies on our Websites in accordance with the Cookies Policy, to access Data stored on your device when you send us crash reports, or any other situation when we will upfront ask for your consent.
For legal reasons, such as fraud and illegal activities detection/prevention orwhen it is required by law or upon requests by the government or similar authorities.
Sharing your Data
We will not sell or rent your Data to third parties for their marketing purposes.
However, in order to run our business, we will share some of your Data:
With our service providers (third party organisations) such as payment processors, support and customer service plaforms, social media and marketing platforms, storage services or professional advisers (accountants etc.). Detailed information about our service providers can be provided
upon request
.
With the resellers of Products and Services in your region, in order to provide the best customer experience and to process your purchases.
For other legal purposes, such as when we are required to provide the Data on response to a court order, applicable law or legal process;
When we believe that the disclosure is necessary to prevent or respond to a fraud, or defend our Websites against attacks.
If we merge with or are acquired by another company.
Or if you consent to sharing your personal information.
Where we store your Data
Your Data are stored on our own servers (located in EEA) and the servers of third party companies we hire to provide services to us (worldwide). Occasional hard copy files are kept in a secure location in our premises (located in EEA).
How long we keep your Data
We retain your Data for as long as is necessary to provide the contractual services to you and to comply with our legal obligations. Our retention periods will vary depending on the type of Data involved. When we no longer have a legitimate need to process your Data, we will delete it from our active databases.
Where we process Data for marketing purposes or with your consent, we process it until you ask us to stop and for a short period after this (to allow us to implement your requests). We also keep a permanent record of the fact that you have asked us not to send you direct marketing or to process your Data so that we can respect your request in future.
Security of your Data
The security of your Data is important and we provide industry-standard efforts to protect it. We use computer safeguards such as firewalls and data encryption, we enforce physical access controls to our buildings and files, and we authorise access to your Data only for those employees and service providers who require it to fulfil their job responsibilities.
Cross-border data transfers
Where we transfer your Data to a country which is not within the EEA and is not subject to an adequacy decision by the EU Commission, we rely on one or more of the following legal mechanisms: European Commission approved Standard Contractual Clauses or your consent in certain circumstances.
Your data rights
You have the right to access, correct, update, or request deletion of your Data. We take reasonable steps to ensure that the Data we collect is reliable for its intended use, accurate, complete, and up to date. You may
contact us
directly anytime about accessing, correcting, updating, or deleting your data, or altering your Data or marketing preferences. If we have collected and processed your Data with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent anytime.
In addition, if you are a resident of the EEA, you can object to processing of your Data, ask us to restrict processing of your Data or request portability of your Data.
To exercise any of these rights, please
contact us
and we will be happy to comply in accordance with the GDPR requirements. Please note it can take up to 1 month to process your request.
If you have unresolved concerns you also have the right to complain to data protection authorities. The relevant data protection authority will be the data protection authority of the country: (i) of your habitual residence; (ii) of your place of work; or (iii) in which you consider the alleged infringement has occurred.
Information about children
Children are not eligible to use our services and we ask that persons under the age of 18 do not submit any Data to us, browse our Websites or use/purchase our Services or Products.
Information you make public
If you are a current customer and consented to have your Data published in the
Contact section
, it will be visible to general public.
If you are participating in the community forum on our Websites or publish information on our social networks profiles (such as the Facebook brand page, Instagram profile etc.), please be aware that any information you provide is public and may be used to contact you with unsolicited messages.
Please be careful when you share your Data and do not share anything you wouldn’t want publicly known. To remove information you have shared on our Websites (including the community forum and social networks), please
contact us
.
External links on our Websites
Our Websites include links to other websites, whose privacy practices may be different from ours. Please read the privacy notice of any website you visit. If you submit your Data to any of those sites, your Data is governed by their privacy notices or policies.
Privacy Notice updates
We may occasionally update this Privacy Notice. Any updates we may make will be posted on the Website(s) and, where appropriate, notified to you by email. Updates will be effective upon the posting of the updates. The date of the latest update is: July 20, 2020.
Your use of the Websites, Services and Products following the updates constitutes your acceptance of the updated Privacy Notice. We encourage you to periodically review the Privacy Notice (generally found in the footer of
www.in2core.com
) for the latest information on our privacy practices.
Contact us
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Notice,
drop us an email
or contact us at IN2CORE, s.r.o. Agatova 33, 900 27 Bernolakovo, Slovakia.
We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website. You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in the
settings
.
Accept
Cookie settings
Privacy overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognizing you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly necessary cookies
Strictly necessary cookies
The strictly necessary cookies should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings. This means that every time you visit this website you won't have to enable or disable cookies again.
Analytics cookies
Analytics cookies
This website uses analytic tools from Google to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site or the most popular pages. Keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website.
Name
Domain
Expiration
Description
^_ga
in2core.com
1 year
Permanent cookie
_gid
in2core.com
1 day
Permanent cookie
^_utm
in2core.com
1 year
Permanent cookie
^__utm
in2core.com
1 year
Permanent cookie
Cookie Policy
More information about our
Cookie Policy
.
Accept all
Only necessary
Save settings