English Corner – PRIVACY POLICY
INTRODUCTION
Welcome to English Corner! English Corner is the social networking platform on SMARTRAY STUDIO English leraning apps - English Radio, AEB and English Corner.
Smartray Studio.
("
we
", "
our
" or "
us
") values your privacy.
          This Privacy Policy informs you of your choices and our practices
          regarding any Information (as defined in the "The Information We
          Collect and How We Collect It" section below) you provide to us.
The use of English Corner (through the English Corner mobile app, or
          any third party platforms through which English Corner is provided)
          may involve the collection and use of your Information. It is
          important for you to understand how this happens and how you may
          control it, so please read this Privacy Policy carefully.
By using English Corner, you agree that we may collect, use and
            share your Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy, as
            revised from time to time.
If you wish to contact us regarding this Privacy Policy or any
          privacy-related matters, please contact our Privacy Officer via email
          at
SmartrayStudio@gmail.com
SCOPE AND APPLICATION OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy applies to English Corner, including any services
          associated with English Corner that incorporates this Privacy Policy
          by reference (for example, the English Corner Official Account Admin
          Platform). Those English Corner-related services may have further
          privacy-related terms that you must agree to as part of your use of
          those services.
This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and forms part of the
English Corner Terms of Service
that you have agreed to in order to use English Corner. Any terms used
          in this Privacy Policy will have the same meaning as the equivalent
          defined terms in the
English Corner Terms of Service
, unless
          otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy or the context requires
          otherwise.
Please also note that this Privacy Policy does not apply to
          Information collected: (i) through third party services (including any
          third party websites) that you may access through English Corner; or
          (ii) by other companies and organisations who advertise their services
          on English Corner.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may from time to time revise or add specific instructions, policies
          and terms to this Privacy Policy. These instructions, policies and
          terms form part of this Privacy Policy. Where we consider that any
          changes to this Privacy Policy are reasonably material, we will notify
          you via English Corner (including via direct messaging or the English
          Corner website), other direct communication to you, or other means
          prior to the change becoming effective.
By continuing to use English Corner after any changes to this
            Privacy Policy, with or without notice from us,you are agreeing to
            the revised Privacy Policy.
THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND HOW WE COLLECT IT
In providing English Corner, we collect, store and use the following
          Information relating to you:
"
Information
" is Personal Information and
          Non-Personal Information;
"
Personal Information
" is any information or
          combination of information that relates to you, and can be used to
          identify you. Personal Information may include the following:
information you make available to us when you open a English Corner
            account, such as your email address, nickname, photo, country/area and
            other information you put on your public profile;
information you make available to us via your use of English Corner
            – for example, via: Public Blogs and Moments for your friends;
information made available by another user about you via their use
            of English Corner – for example, any Shared Information that others
            using English Corner make available about you via English Corner
            Moments and communications they make to you and others using English
            Corner;
information we collect as you use English Corner, such as certain
            Location Data and Log Data.
"
Location Data
" is information that we collect
          regarding your location (when you use a location-enabled service),
          including:
the location of your device when you use English Corner, such as
            from the GPS, WiFi, compass, accelerometer or other sensors in your
            mobile device;
the IP address of the device or internet service you use to access
            English Corner;
other information made available by you or others that gives an
            indication as to where you are or have been located, such as account
            information that indicates where you are located, and Shared
            Information that you or others post which indicates your location
            (for example, any geotag information that is embedded in any photos
            you make available on English Corner or that is made available to us
            when you use the English Corner "People Nearby" functions).
"
Log Data
" is technical information that is
          automatically collected by us when you use English Corner, whether
          through the use of cookies, web beacons, log files, scripts and etags
          (as explained in more detail in the "Tracking Technologies" section
          below) or otherwise, including:
technical information, such as your mobile carrier-related
            information, configuration information made available by your web
            browser or other programs you use to access app website, your IP
            address and your device's version and identification number;
information about communications you have made using English Corner,
            such as the people you've communicated with and the time, data and
            duration of your communications;
metadata, which means information related to items you have made
            available through English Corner, such as the date, time or location
            that a shared photograph or video was taken or posted.
"
Non-Personal Information
" is any information that
          relates to you but from which it is not practicable to directly or
          indirectly identify you, including Personal Information in aggregated,
          anonymised or pseudonymised form.
"
Shared Information
" is information about you or
          relating to you that is voluntarily shared on English Corner. Shared
          Information may include postings that you make on English Corner
          (including your public profile, the lists you create, and photos,
          videos and voice recordings as accessed with your prior consent
          through your device's camera and/or microphone sensor), any postings
          from others that you re-post and Location Data and Log Data associated
          with such postings. Shared Information also includes information about
          you (including Location Data and Log Data) that others who are using
          our services share about you.
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
We may use your Information for any of the following purposes:
to provide English Corner (and the features within English Corner)
            to you – for example, to allow you to record audio or videos within
            English Corner, to fulfil any purchases you may make within English
            Corner, and to display content based on your location or your preferences;
for customer service, security, fraud-detection, archival and backup
            purposes in connection with the provision of English Corner;
to provide you with advertising and direct marketing that is more
            relevant to you (as discussed in more detail below under the "Direct
            Marketing" section below);
to better understand how you access and use English Corner, in order
            for us to improve English Corner and respond to customer desires and
            preferences, including for us to provide language and location
            customisation, personalised help and instructions, or other
            responses to your and other customers' usage of English Corner;
to help us develop our new services and improve our existing
            services;
to assess the effectiveness of and improve advertising and other
            marketing and promotional activities on or in connection with
            English Corner when your account is subscribed to an official
            account;
to allow you to participate in voluntary surveys about our products
            and services. If you choose to participate in a survey, we may
            request certain Personal Information from you. We may use a third
            party service provider to conduct these surveys; we will prohibit
            them from using your Personal Information for any purpose other than
            to complete the survey.
Use of Personal Information on our other services
In order to provide our users across all of our services with a better
          experience, to improve English Corner and our other services, or
          otherwise where you have consented, Personal Information collected
          through English Corner may, subject to user privacy controls (where
          available), be used by our other services (including in an aggregated
          or individualised manner).
For example, Personal Information collected during your use of English
          Corner may be used to suggest particular content that can be made
          available to you on, or be used to present more relevant advertising
          to you in, another Smartray service. You may also ask us to migrate or
          export your Personal Information contained in English Corner to
          another Smartray service, where such migration option is available.
DIRECT MARKETING
We may also use your Information for the purpose of sending you direct
          marketing (whether by messaging within our services, by email or by
          other means) that offer or advertise our products and services and/or
          the products and services of selected third parties.
Such products and services (of ours or third parties) include the
          following:
our products and services and the products and services of our
            joint venture partners,
            including messaging services, online media services, interactive
            entertainment services, social networking services, payment
            services, internet search services, location and mapping services,
            application software and services, data management software and
            services, on-line advertising services and other social media,
            entertainment, e-commerce, information and communications software
            and services ("
Internet Services
"); and
third party providers of Internet Services and products and services
            relating to dining, food and beverages, sports, music, film,
            television, live performances and other arts and entertainment,
            books, magazines and other publications, clothing and accessories,
            jewellery, cosmetics, personal health and hygiene, electronics,
            collectibles, housewares, appliances, home decoration and
            furnishings, pets, automobiles, hotels, transport and travel,
            banking, insurance and financial services, loyalty and reward
            programs and other products and services that we think may be
            relevant to you.
We will honour your request for us to not use your Personal
          Information for the direct marketing purposes noted above. If you wish
          to make such a request, please contact our Privacy Officer or follow
          the relevant instructions on our marketing communications. Please note
          that following such request, you may still receive advertisements that
          are not direct marketing.
Please note that we will not share your Personal Information with
          advertisers. We do,
          however, share Non-Personal Information with advertisers for the
          purposes of trying to offer you advertising that is more relevant to
          you.
SHARING OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
By agreeing to this Privacy Policy, you consent to the third party
            use, sharing and transfer of your Personal Information (both inside
            and outside of your jurisdiction) as described in this section.
            Other than as permitted under this Privacy Policy or as otherwise
            consented to by you, we will not transfer your Personal Information
            to any other third parties for their processing for any
            purposes.
Sharing for marketing purposes
In addition, we allow third party marketing partners (such as English
          Corner official accounts, analytics providers and advertising
          partners) to collect your Personal Information over time and across
          different websites or online services when you use English Corner.
We also provide your Personal Information to third party marketing
          partners where you have asked us to do so or where it is required in
          order for us to provide English Corner to you.
Other terms relating to the sharing of your Personal
            Information
Where we do share your Personal Information
          with any third parties, we will use reasonable efforts to ensure that
          such third parties only use your Personal Information: (i) in
          compliance with this Privacy Policy; and (ii) subject to any other
          instructions we give them, including any appropriate confidentiality
          and security measures that we implement.
As we continue to develop our business, we or our affiliate companies
          may be acquired by a third party or may re-organise our group
          structure. In these circumstances, your Information may be transferred
          within our group and/or to a third party who will continue to operate
          English Corner or similar services under either this Privacy Policy or
          a different privacy policy which will be notified to you. The party to
          which your Personal Information is transferred may be located, and use
          your Information, outside of your jurisdiction.
Any of the above-referenced third parties in this "Sharing of your
          Personal Information" section may be located, and use and store your
          Personal Information, outside of your jurisdiction for the above
          purposes, including in jurisdictions where there may not be in place
          data protection laws that are substantially similar to or serve the
          same purpose as the laws of your jurisdiction.
We may also be required to retain, preserve or disclose your Personal
          Information under the circumstances set out in the "Period of use of
          your Personal Information" section below.
A WORD ABOUT SHARED INFORMATION
English Corner enables Shared Information to be shared publicly with
          your English Corner contacts, all users of English Corner and/or the
          public, via features provided by either us or third parties, so that
          Shared Information can be broadly and instantly transmitted. Shared
          Information will remain public for as long as you do not delete it;
          and even after you delete Shared Information, it may still be
          separately cached, copied, or stored by, or remain public through,
          other users or third parties who are not affiliated with and not
          controlled by us.
In addition, we may also provide other English Corner-related features
          that allow you to share Shared Information in public – for example,
          publicly accessible blogs and forums, or certain social media features
          within English Corner – for example, "plug-ins" (which create a direct
          link between two websites) and "widgets" (which are interactive
          mini-programs that provide third party services within English
          Corner). You should be aware that any information you provide within
          such features may be read, collected and used by third parties who
          access them.
Please consider carefully what you post and communicate through
            English Corner.
In some instances, you may control what access the wider public has to
          your Shared Information via the privacy settings in some of English
          Corner.
UPDATING OR AMENDING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
If you would like to update or amend your Personal Information within
          English Corner, you may do so at first instance by logging into your
          account and making the appropriate changes. For example, you may be
          able to delete certain Location Data that you have provided us via
          your device settings or the "Disable Location" option within English
          Corner.
If you wish to make further changes to your Personal Information;
          request access to, or deletion of, your Personal Information from
          English Corner; or to request the removal of an unauthorised English
          Corner account, please contact us. We will respond to
          your request within a reasonable timeframe.
In some cases, we may not be able to update, amend or remove your
          Personal Information, in which case we will let you know why we are
          unable to do so – for example, certain requests may require
          disproportionate technical effort or extremely impractical (e.g. any
          requests that relate to our backup systems), or are prohibited by law.
HOW CAN I DELETE INFORMATION ABOUT ME?
You can delete your data in app or request us to delete your data. The data includes your personal data and all the things that you have shared, 
      including your albums, photos, blogs, moments and chat history. Please note that once this process is complete, your Personal Data will be deleted and we will no longer collect, use and/or disclose your Personal Data,
      and there is no way to recover them.
      Please refer to the following information on how to proceed.
* Deleting your Account
To delete your account, please go to App > Settings > Member Center > Delete My Account.
* Other requests to delete your personal data
You could also request that we delete your data by sending an email to
SmartrayStudio@gmail.com
.
COMMUNICATIONS FROM US
Newsletters and other types of communications
When you use English Corner, we may use your Information to send you
          emails, messages, newsletters or push notifications to your device. If
          you no longer wish to receive these communications, you can do so by
          following the unsubscribe instructions in the emails we send to you,
          opting out of notifications at the device level (if available) or
          contacting our Privacy Officer.
Service-related announcements
We may from time to time send you service-related announcements when
          we consider it necessary to do so (such as when we temporarily suspend
          English Corner for maintenance). You may not opt-out of these
          service-related announcements, which are not promotional in nature.
A WORD ABOUT SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION
In some jurisdictions, certain types of Personal Information, such as
          information about your race or ethnic origin, religious or
          philosophical views or personal health, is characterised as
          "sensitive" and is subject to stricter regulation than other types of
          Personal Information. Please note that content and information that
          you input to English Corner, such as photographs or information about
          your school or social activities, may reveal your sensitive Personal
          Information to others.
Before communicating any Personal Information of a sensitive nature
          within English Corner, please consider whether it is appropriate to do
          so.
You consent to all processing of sensitive Personal Information for
            the purposes and in the manner described in this Privacy
            Policy.
Please note that we do not use your sensitive Personal Information for
          the purpose of serving advertising to you.
THIRD PARTY SERVICES ON English Corner
English Corner may link you to social media or other features or
          services (including websites, plug-ins and widgets) provided by a
          third party. For example:
you may share content on, or login to, English Corner using services
            provided by third parties. These third party services will
            authenticate your identity and provide you with the option to share
            certain Personal Information with us. They may also give you the
            option to post information from your third party service account to
            English Corner as Shared Information (or vice versa).
you may login to English Corner using other sign-in services such as
            an Open ID provider. These sign-in services will authenticate your
            identity and provide you the option to share certain Personal
            Information with us for account registration and login purposes,
            such as your name and email address; and
we may (whether in advertisements or otherwise within English
            Corner) provide you with links or features that allow you to access
            third party services or websites (or access within English Corner
            content that is hosted on those third party services or websites).
            For example, you may be able to access videos hosted by a third
            party within English Corner.
These third party social media or other services may be hosted by the
          relevant third party or us. Please note that such third parties who
          provide such services may be able to collect your Information and
          Personal Information (including your Log Data), and may set cookies on
          your computer to enable such features to function properly.
Your use of any such third party services (whether social media
          services or otherwise), including any Personal Information you provide
          to such third parties and their collection and use of your Personal
          Information, are subject to the relevant third party's own terms of
          services and privacy policies and not the
English Corner Terms of Service
or this Privacy Policy, so
          please review those third party terms carefully. This Privacy Policy
          only applies to any Information collected by us, does not apply to any
          services offered by or information practices of any third parties, and
          we bear no liability for any third party use of any Information
          provided by you to them.
AGE RESTRICTIONS
Children under the age of 17 are not allowed to use English Corner. We
          do not knowingly collect Personal Information from any children under
          the age of 17. Please contact our Privacy Officer if you believe we
          have any Personal Information from any children under the age of 17 –
          we will promptly investigate (and remove) such Personal Information.
TRANSFER, STORAGE AND SECURITY OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We operate and may continue to operate servers in a number of
          jurisdictions around the world, so the server on which your Personal
          Information is used and stored may not be in your jurisdiction.
You consent to the transfer of your Personal Information (both
            inside and outside of your jurisdiction) for the purposes described
            in this Privacy Policy.
We use a variety of generally accepted security technologies and
          procedures for the purpose of preventing loss, misuse, unauthorised
          access or disclosure of Information.
In English Corner, we use encryption technology (such as SSL) to
          protect certain sensitive Information (such as Location Data) provided
          by you to us. Please be aware that despite our efforts, no data
          security measures can guarantee 100% security at all times. Our
          systems and the communications networks through which you access
          English Corner may be subject to security breaches and failures which
          are due to circumstances beyond our reasonable control. If you have
          any questions regarding the security of your Personal Information,
          please contact our Privacy Officer.
PERIOD OF USE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We will generally only retain your Personal Information for so long as
          is necessary to fulfil the purposes for which it was collected, as set
          out under the "How We Use Your Information" section above. However, in
          the following circumstances, we may be required to retain, preserve or
          disclose your Personal Information for a longer period of time:
in order to comply with applicable laws or regulations;
in order to comply with a court order, subpoena or other legal
            process;
in response to a request by a government authority, law enforcement
            agency or similar body (whether situated in your jurisdiction or
            elsewhere);
where we believe it is reasonably necessary to comply with
            applicable laws or regulations; or
in order to enforce the
English Corner Terms of Service
or
            this Privacy Policy, protect our rights, property or safety, or the
            rights, property or safety of our affiliate companies or other users
            of English Corner.
Subject to applicable laws and regulations, you may have the right to
          request to receive a copy of and make any corrections to your Personal
          Information which we hold, and to request that we deactivate and not
          use any of your Personal Information that is stored by us. You may
          direct such request to our Privacy Officer, or where we offer this
          option in English Corner, you may also log into your account with us
          and make the appropriate changes. We will use reasonable efforts to
          respond to all such requests made to our Privacy Officer within 60
          days.
Should your account be terminated by you or us for any reason, we will
          (subject to the above paragraph) take steps to ensure that your
          Personal Information is no longer available through English Corner, or
          otherwise used by us, within a reasonable period of time (subject to
          technical limitations) after such account termination. However, it is
          important to note that communications made by you using English Corner
          may put your Personal Information in the hands of third parties that
          we cannot control.
TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
We may, from time to time, use cookies, log files, web beacons,
          scripts, tags and other tracking technologies to collect, use and
          store Information about you or relating to you. This section describes
          how we use such tracking technologies.
Why do we use tracking technologies?
To help us better understand and provide English Corner to you and
            our users
Tracking technologies enable us to better understand and provide
          English Corner to you – for example, tracking technologies help us
          collect the following Information:
we require your authentication information in order to provide
            English Corner to you;
our mapping and location-based services (such as "Shake" and "People
            Nearby") may require Information about your location;
our translation services may require Information about your language
            preferences; and
we require certain other Information about our users in order to
            provide English Corner and to develop new features for English
            Corner.
To help us deliver relevant and safe advertising to you
Advertising helps keep English Corner and many of our other services
          free of charge and useful to you. Tracking technologies help make our
          advertising:
more effective for advertisers – for example, by delivering them
            further information regarding who has viewed their advertisements;
more safe for you – for example, by ensuring that you do not receive
            repeated or fraudulent advertisements or prohibited content within
            such advertisements; and
more relevant to you – for example, by delivering advertisements
            based on which official English Corner channels you may have
            followed or based on your location.
What are tracking technologies?
The
"tracking technologies"
that we use within
          English Corner include the following:
A
cookie
is a small file containing a string of characters
            that is placed on your computer, mobile phone or other device when
            you access a website or other web content.
Web beacons
are electronic image files or other
            technologies that may be embedded within websites or emails that may
            be used to keep count of visitors, record when and if an email or
            website is viewed, or access certain cookies.
Certain information is automatically gathered and stored in
log files
. This information includes internet protocol (IP)
            addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP),
            referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and
            clickstream data.
An entity tag (or
ETag
) are HTTP headers that are
            sent-behind-the-scenes between a web browser and a web server. They
            can be used to track unique users in place of cookies, and allow us
            to better understand and improve English Corner.
JavaScript
is a scripting language used to produce more
            interactive and dynamic websites. JavaScript can create cookies,
            read cookies, and delete cookies.
Anonymous identifiers
are used to deliver advertisements in
            services where cookies may not be available (for example, in mobile
            applications).
How do we use tracking technologies?
Tracking technologies used in partnership with third parties
We, our affiliate companies and our third party partners may from time
          to time use tracking technologies to collect and use certain
          Information. These third party partners who assist us in such
          collection and use include the following:
Our analytics partners helps us better understand English Corner
            generally – for example, to collect website and app usage statistics
            and to gather demographic information about our user base as a
            whole, as well as to analyse any relevant trends.
Our marketing partners (including analytics partners, advertisers
            and English Corner official account partners) help us deliver better
            and more relevant advertising to you.
Our customer support service partners help us deliver better
            responses to any queries from you and to deliver a better English
            Corner experience to our users.
Our service partners help us administer and deliver certain features
            within English Corner – for instance, hosting, language translation
            and mapping services.
We may receive reports based on the use of tracking technologies by
          these partners on an individual as well as aggregated basis.
Our own tracking technologies
In addition, we also use our own tracking technologies to personalise
          your experience on English Corner and for various other purposes,
          including:
remembering you. For example, cookies and web beacons can help us
            identify you as a registered user of our services or keep the
            preferences or information that you have previously provided; and
analysing how you use our services. We can use tracking technologies
            to understand what users are doing on our services, or which pages
            or sections are most popular.
Please note that we use our tracking technologies for these purposes,
          but may make certain aggregated Non-Personal Information obtained
          through these tracking technologies available to advertisers and other
          partners to analyse how you and others use our services and to serve
          advertising.
General terms in relation to tracking technologies
It is important to note that third party tracking technologies are
          subject to the relevant third party's own privacy policies and not our
          Privacy Policy. We are not responsible for any tracking technologies
          used by third parties.
If you do not wish to have Non-Personal Information used for the
          purpose of serving you targeted advertisements on your device, you may
          opt-out in app when asking for permission of Personal tracking. Please
          note this does not opt you out of being served advertising. You will
          continue to receive generic advertisements.
We may combine Information collected via tracking technologies with
          other Information we collect about you. For example, where you install
          and register for English Corner via a third party online
          advertisement, we and/or our third partner may use tracking
          technologies to inform us regarding where you had discovered English
          Corner. We may also use tracking technologies to collect Information
          that, when combined with other Information, enables us to deliver
          relevant advertisements directly to you.
How you can control tracking technologies
You may be able to block or manage certain types of tracking
          technologies via your browser settings (such as cookies or web
          beacons) or your mobile device. However, please remember that if you
          block tracking technologies, we may not be able to provide you with
          the optimal English Corner experience and some or all of English
          Corner's features may not function properly.
You may also control what tracking technologies-collected Information
          we receive by certain settings within English Corner – for instance,
          by using the "Clear Location" option within English Corner.
Specific types of cookies
We further describe how we use specific types of cookies below. Some
          or all of such cookies may be stored in your browser.
Category of cookies use
Description
Authentication
These cookies notify us when you access our services, so to
                enable us to provide suitable services and experience to you.
                These cookies will also remember certain Information about your
                personal preferences – for instance, your preferred language and
                region.
Security
We use such cookies to ensure the security of your Information
                and our services, and to prevent fraudulent, criminal or other
                suspect activities. In particular, security cookies help us to
                prevent fraudulent logins and your user data.
Functionality
We use such cookies to perform and improve the functions of our
                services. In particular, we use these cookies to help us collect
                information about how our users are interacting with English
                Corner – for example, your most recent searches and the profiles
                that you most frequently visit on English Corner.
Analysis
and Research
We use such cookies to follow up and improve our services and
                provide us with reference data for research and development of
                new services or functions. For example, these cookies helps us
                better understand the demographics of the English Corner user
                base, which in turn helps us consider what new English Corner
                features may be the most relevant for our users.
Advertising
We use cookies to:
deliver advertising on English Corner,with the aim of
                    delivering more relevant advertising to all of our users–for
                    example,you may receive advertisements based on your general
                    location derived from your IP address or from your previous
                    English Corner searches;and
to help us and advertisers collect statistics regarding the
                    delivered advertisements,such as how many users have
                    viewed,clicked on and/or made purchases through such
                    advertisements.
Last modified: 2023-01-04