App Store
Preview
This app is available only on the App Store for iPhone.
iPhone Screenshots
Description
Looking for jobs in the Gulf? Your search for the latest job vacancies ends here.
Apply to the latest Jobs anytime, anywhere with Naukrigulf app - one of the top job search apps in the Gulf. Indeed, we are among the top choices of job seekers. Over 1 million users count on Naukrigulf app to find the best career opportunities.
Why Naukrigulf app?
• It is the best-rated job search app in the Gulf
• It’s free, simple, fast and offers the most relevant job search results
• It lets you choose from a wide range of 55,000+ job vacancies in the Gulf
• It lets you find jobs in the UAE, Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, Qatar, Kuwait, and Oman
Key Features of Naukrigulf (Job Search & Career) App
1. Find & Share Jobs
• Find full-time, part-time, and contractual jobs
• Refine job search results by:
◦ Location – Dubai, Abu Dhabi, Sharjah, Riyadh, Jeddah, Doha, Muscat, etc.
◦ Industry/Department – Oil and Gas, IT, Healthcare, Finance, Retail, HR, Admin, Design, etc.
◦ Company Name – Marriott, Qatar Airways, Air Arabia, ADNOC, etc.
◦ Designation/Skills – Executive, Senior Executive, and Managerial jobs across industries
◦ Experience – Entry Level, Mid-Level, and Senior Level
◦ Freshness
• Share jobs with your friends via email or social networking sites
2. Explore Job Recommendation
• Get personalized jobs directly to your email inbox based on:
◦ Your profile and preferences
◦ Trending jobs matching your profile
◦ Jobs similar to the ones you like
◦ Job alerts set by you
• Explore jobs similar to the ones you apply to
3. Shortlist & Apply
• Save or email jobs you would want to view and apply later
• Apply to jobs at a single click without registration
• Create/Upload your CV directly on the app and start applying to relevant jobs
4. Monitor Profile Performance
• View detailed insights on your job applications, including:
◦ How well your profile matches with the job requirements
◦ Where do your applications rank amongst other applicants
◦ Who all and how many recruiters reviewed your applications
◦ What actions the recruiters have taken on your applications
• Discover recruiters who showed interest in your profile without any job application
5. Update & Customize
• Update your profile and CV on the go
• Update your job alert preferences
• Subscribe or unsubscribe to emails
6. Stay Notified
• Receive recommendations and notification for latest job vacancies
• See recruiters’ actions on your application
• Receive regular suggestions for improving your profile
• Stay updated about the latest app developments
Who all can use this App?
Being one of the top Gulf jobs apps, Naukrigulf is ideal for:
• Freshers looking for their first job as well as seasoned professionals looking for mid-level or senior-level jobs across industries
• Professionals and fresh graduates seeking full-time or part-time job opportunities
• Nationals from the UAE, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, Oman, Bahrain, Kuwait and other countries from the Middle East
• Expatriates from across the globe looking to start their career in the Gulf
Additional Job Seeker Support Services by Naukrigulf
Naukrigulf job search app offers the following services:
• Text Resume Writing
• Visual Resume Writing
• Resume Spotlight
• Check your ‘Resume Quality Score’ for free
• Take help from free ‘Resume Samples’
For more information on paid services, kindly check the website.
Committed to making the job search a hassle-free experience, Naukrigulf iOS App helps job seekers get linked to the employers and the latest job opportunities.
Download Naukrigulf job search app for free today and get jobs delivered directly to your phone! Can’t find something or have suggestions? Mail us at feedback@naukrigulf.com
more
What’s New
Version History
27 Feb 2025
Version 14.0
Your job search is easier, more personalized, and more engaging!
• Personalized Job Recommendations: Get tailored job suggestions based on your preferences and profile details
• Simplified Profile Completion: Easily complete your profile and unlock more opportunities
• Intuitive User Interface: Enjoy a smoother and more user-friendly experience
• Quick Access Buttons: Including Employer Invites, Applied Jobs Status and Saved Jobs
Get the Latest Update Now!
more
Ratings and Reviews
4.7
out of 5
66 Ratings
66 Ratings
Naukri Gulf
Works sometimes not properly. But it us very good to make on a easy way applications for offered jobs.
Good app
Good app. As it tells you who looked at your profile.
App Privacy
See Details
The developer,
Info Edge
, indicated that the app’s privacy practices may include handling of data as described below. For more information, see the
developer’s privacy policy
.
Data Used to Track You
The following data may be used to track you across apps and websites owned by other companies:
Contact Info
Identifiers
Data Linked to You
The following data may be collected and linked to your identity:
Financial Info
Contact Info
User Content
Identifiers
Sensitive Info
Data Not Linked to You
The following data may be collected but it is not linked to your identity:
Search History
Usage Data
Diagnostics
Privacy practices may vary based on, for example, the features you use or your age.
Learn More
Information
Provider
Info Edge (India) Ltd has identified itself as a trader for this app and confirmed that this product or service complies with European Union law.
Address
A-88
Sector 2
Noida 201301
N/A
India
Phone Number
+91 7093003801
Email
iosmonitoring@naukri.com
Size
112.8 MB
Category
Business
Compatibility
iPhone
Requires iOS 13.0 or later.
iPod touch
Requires iOS 13.0 or later.
Languages
English, Arabic
Age Rating
17+
Unrestricted Web Access
Copyright
© 2022 Info Edge
Price
Free
Developer Website
App Support
Privacy Policy
Developer Website
App Support
Privacy Policy
More By This Developer
Naukri - Job Search & Careers
Business
Jeevansathi.com: Matrimony App
Social Networking
Naukri Recruiter
Business
Techminis
News
Shiksha Study Abroad
Education
You Might Also Like
See All
GulfTalent - Job Search App
Business
Bayt.com Job Search
Business
Shine.com Job Search
Business
MOHRE UAE
Business
e& money
Finance
ADCB
Finance
Sub-section Policy: 