Owner and Data Controller
Luminous Labs LLC
Owner contact email:
privacy@luminouslabs.co
Types of Data collected
Among the types of Personal Data that this Application collects, by itself or through third parties, there are:
      geographic position; unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example); Usage Data; Cookies.
Complete details on each type of Personal Data collected are provided in the dedicated sections of this privacy policy or by specific explanation texts displayed prior to the Data collection.
Personal Data may be freely provided by the User, or, in case of Usage Data, collected automatically when using this Application.
Unless specified otherwise, all Data requested by this Application is mandatory and failure to provide this Data may make it impossible for this Application to provide its services. In cases where this Application specifically states that some Data is not mandatory, Users are free not to communicate this Data without consequences to the availability or the functioning of the Service.
Users who are uncertain about which Personal Data is mandatory are welcome to contact the Owner.
Any use of Cookies – or of other tracking tools — by this Application or by the owners of third-party services used by this Application serves the purpose of providing the Service required by the User, in addition to any other purposes described in the present document.
Users are responsible for any third-party Personal Data obtained, published or shared through this Application.
Mode and place of processing the Data
Methods of processing
The Owner takes appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, or unauthorized destruction of the Data.
The Data processing is carried out using computers and/or IT enabled tools, following organizational procedures and modes strictly related to the purposes indicated. In addition to the Owner, in some cases, the Data may be accessible to certain types of persons in charge, involved with the operation of this Application (administration, sales, marketing, legal, system administration) or external parties (such as third-party technical service providers, mail carriers, hosting providers, IT companies, communications agencies) appointed, if necessary, as Data Processors by the Owner. The updated list of these parties may be requested from the Owner at any time.
Place
The Data is processed at the Owner's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located.
Depending on the User's location, data transfers may involve transferring the User's Data to a country other than their own. To find out more about the place of processing of such transferred Data, Users can check the section containing details about the processing of Personal Data.
Retention time
Unless specified otherwise in this document, Personal Data shall be processed and stored for as long as required by the purpose they have been collected for and may be retained for longer due to applicable legal obligation or based on the Users’ consent.
The purposes of processing
The Data concerning the User is collected to allow the Owner to provide its Service, comply with its legal obligations, respond to enforcement requests, protect its rights and interests (or those of its Users or third parties), detect any malicious or fraudulent activity, as well as the following:
        Location-based interactions, Managing support and contact requests, Infrastructure monitoring and Analytics.
For specific information about the Personal Data used for each purpose, the User may refer to the section “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data”.
Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data
Personal Data is collected for the following purposes and using the following services:
Analytics
The services contained in this section enable the Owner to monitor and analyze web traffic and can be used to keep track of User behavior.
Flurry Analytics (Flurry, Inc.)
Flurry Analytics is an analytics service provided by Yahoo! Inc.
This service is designed for mobile apps analytics and can collect various information about your phone, highlighted in the Flurry Analytics privacy policy.
If the User chooses to opt-out, Flurry will stop tracking data for the device identified by the provided MAC address and/or device identifier going forward. The analytics service tracking will stop across all applications within the Flurry network.
Personal Data processed: Cookies; Usage Data; various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing:  US –
Privacy Policy
–
Opt Out
.
Infrastructure monitoring
This type of service allows this Application to monitor the use and behavior of its components so its performance, operation, maintenance and troubleshooting can be improved.
Which Personal Data are processed depends on the characteristics and mode of implementation of these services, whose function is to filter the activities of this Application.
Crashlytics (Google Inc.)
Crashlytics is a monitoring service provided by Google LLC or by Google Ireland Limited, depending on how the Owner manages the Data processing.
Personal Data processed: geographic position; unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example); various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing:  US –
Privacy Policy
.
Location-based interactions
Non-continuous geolocation (This Application)
This Application may collect, use, and share User location Data in order to provide location-based services.
Most browsers and devices provide tools to opt out from this feature by default. If explicit authorization has been provided, the User’s location data may be tracked by this Application.
The geographic location of the User is determined in a manner that isn't continuous, either at the specific request of the User or when the User doesn't point out its current location in the appropriate field and allows the application to detect the position automatically.
Personal Data processed: geographic position.
Managing support and contact requests
This type of service allows this Application to manage support and contact requests received via email or by other means, such as the contact form.
The Personal Data processed depend on the information provided by the User in the messages and the means used for communication (e.g. email address).
Uservoice (Uservoice Inc.)
Uservoice is a support and contact request management service provided by Uservoice Inc.
Personal Data processed: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing:  US –
Privacy Policy
.
Further Information for Users
Legal basis of processing
The Owner may process Personal Data relating to Users if one of the following applies:
Users have given their consent for one or more specific purposes.
provision of Data is necessary for the performance of an agreement with the User and/or for any pre-contractual obligations thereof;
processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which the Owner is subject;
processing is related to a task that is carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the Owner;
processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner or by a third party.
In any case, the Owner will gladly help to clarify the specific legal basis that applies to the processing, and in particular whether the provision of Personal Data is a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract.
Further information about retention time
Unless specified otherwise in this document, Personal Data shall be processed and stored for as long as required by the purpose they have been collected for and may be retained for longer due to applicable legal obligation or based on the Users’ consent.
Therefore:
Personal Data collected for purposes related to the performance of a contract between the Owner and the User shall be retained until such contract has been fully performed.
Personal Data collected for the purposes of the Owner’s legitimate interests shall be retained as long as needed to fulfill such purposes. Users may find specific information regarding the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner within the relevant sections of  this document or by contacting the Owner.
The Owner may be allowed to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever the User has given consent to such processing, as long as such consent is not withdrawn. Furthermore, the Owner may be obliged to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever required to fulfil a legal obligation or upon order of an authority.
Once the retention period expires, Personal Data shall be deleted. Therefore, the right of access, the right to erasure, the right to rectification and the right to data portability cannot be enforced after expiration of the retention period.
The rights of Users based on the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
Users may exercise certain rights regarding their Data processed by the Owner.
In particular, Users have the right to do the following, to the extent permitted by law:
Withdraw their consent at any time.
Users have the right to withdraw consent where they have previously given their consent to the processing of their Personal Data.
Object to processing of their Data.
Users have the right to object to the processing of their Data if the processing is carried out on a legal basis other than consent.
Access their Data.
Users have the right to learn if Data is being processed by the Owner, obtain disclosure regarding certain aspects of the processing and obtain a copy of the Data undergoing processing.
Verify and seek rectification.
Users have the right to verify the accuracy of their Data and ask for it to be updated or corrected.
Restrict the processing of their Data.
Users have the right to restrict the processing of their Data. In this case, the Owner will not process their Data for any purpose other than storing it.
Have their Personal Data deleted or otherwise removed.
Users have the right to obtain the erasure of their Data from the Owner.
Receive their Data and have it transferred to another controller.
Users have the right to receive their Data in a structured, commonly used and machine readable format and, if technically feasible, to have it transmitted to another controller without any hindrance.
Lodge a complaint.
Users have the right to bring a claim before their competent data protection authority.
Users are also entitled to learn about the legal basis for Data transfers abroad including to any international organization governed by public international law or set up by two or more countries, such as the UN, and about the security measures taken by the Owner to safeguard their Data.
Details about the right to object to processing
Where Personal Data is processed for a public interest, in the exercise of an official authority vested in the Owner or for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner, Users may object to such processing by providing a ground related to their particular situation to justify the objection.
Users must know that, however, should their Personal Data be processed for direct marketing purposes, they can object to that processing at any time, free of charge and without providing any justification. Where the User objects to processing for direct marketing purposes, the Personal Data will no longer be processed for such purposes. To learn whether the Owner is processing Personal Data for direct marketing purposes, Users may refer to the relevant sections of this document.
How to exercise these rights
Any requests to exercise User rights can be directed to the Owner through  the contact details provided in this document. Such requests are free of charge and will be answered by the Owner as early as possible and always within one month, providing Users with the information required by law. Any rectification or erasure of Personal Data or restriction of processing will be communicated by the Owner to each recipient, if any, to whom the Personal Data has been disclosed unless this proves impossible or involves disproportionate effort. At the Users’ request, the Owner will inform them about those recipients.
Additional information about Data collection and processing
Legal action
The User's Personal Data may be used for legal purposes by the Owner in Court or in the stages leading to possible legal action arising from improper use of this Application or the related Services.
The User declares to be aware that the Owner may be required to reveal personal data upon request of public authorities.
Additional information about User's Personal Data
In addition to the information contained in this privacy policy, this Application may provide the User with additional and contextual information concerning particular Services or the collection and processing of Personal Data upon request.
System logs and maintenance
For operation and maintenance purposes, this Application and any third-party services may collect files that record interaction with this Application (System logs) or use other Personal Data (such as the IP Address) for this purpose.
Information not contained in this policy
More details concerning the collection or processing of Personal Data may be requested from the Owner at any time. Please see the contact information at the beginning of this document.
Changes to this privacy policy
The Owner reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time by notifying its Users on this page and possibly within this Application and/or - as far as technically and legally feasible - sending a notice to Users via any contact information available to the Owner. It is strongly recommended to check this page often, referring to the date of the last modification listed at the bottom.
Should the changes affect processing activities performed on the basis of the User’s consent, the Owner shall collect new consent from the User, where required.
Definitions and legal references
Personal Data (or Data)
Any information that directly, indirectly, or in connection with other information — including a personal identification number — allows for the identification or identifiability of a natural person.
Usage Data
Information collected automatically through this Application (or third-party services employed in this Application), which can include: the IP addresses or domain names of the computers utilized by the Users who use this Application, the URI addresses (Uniform Resource Identifier), the time of the request, the method utilized to submit the request to the server, the size of the file received in response, the numerical code indicating the status of the server's answer (successful outcome, error, etc.), the country of origin, the features of the browser and the operating system utilized by the User, the various time details per visit (e.g., the time spent on each page within the Application) and the details about the path followed within the Application with special reference to the sequence of pages visited, and other parameters about the device operating system and/or the User's IT environment.
User
The individual using this Application who, unless otherwise specified, coincides with the Data Subject.
Data Subject
The natural person to whom the Personal Data refers.
Data Processor (or Processor)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes Personal Data on behalf of the Controller, as described in this privacy policy.
Data Controller (or Owner)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Data, including the security measures concerning the operation and use of this Application. The Data Controller, unless otherwise specified, is the Owner of this Application.
This Application
The means by which the Personal Data of the User is collected and processed.
Service
The service provided by this Application as described in the relative terms (if available) and on this site/application.
European Union (or EU)
Unless otherwise specified, all references made within this document to the European Union include all current member states to the European Union and the European Economic Area.
Cookie
Cookies are Trackers consisting of small sets of data stored in the User's browser.
Tracker
Tracker indicates any technology - e.g Cookies, unique identifiers, web beacons, embedded scripts, e-tags and fingerprinting - that enables the tracking of Users, for example by accessing or storing information on the User’s device.
Legal information
This privacy policy relates solely to this Application, if not stated otherwise within this document.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://info.yahoo.com/privacy/:
We, Yahoo, are part of the
Yahoo family of brands
The sites and apps that we own and operate, including Yahoo and AOL, and our digital advertising service, Yahoo Advertising.
Yahoo
family of brands.
When you use our sites and apps, we use
Cookies
Cookies (including similar technologies such as web storage) allow the operators of websites and apps to store and read information from your device. Learn more in our
cookie policy
.
cookies
to:
provide our sites and apps to you
authenticate users, apply security measures, and prevent spam and abuse, and
measure your use of our sites and apps
If you click '
Accept all
', we and
our partners
, including 238 who are part of the IAB Transparency & Consent Framework, will also store and/or access information on a device (in other words, use cookies) and use precise geolocation data and other personal data such as IP address and browsing and search data, for personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, and audience research and services development.
If you do not want us and our partners to use cookies and personal data for these additional purposes, click '
Reject all
'.
If you would like to customise your choices, click '
Manage privacy settings
'.
You can withdraw your consent or change your choices at any time by clicking on the 'Privacy & cookie settings' or 'Privacy dashboard' links on our sites and apps. Find out more about how we use your personal data in our
privacy policy
and
cookie policy
.
Accept all
Reject all
Manage privacy settings
Go to end
Sub-policy 1
https://try.crashlytics.com/terms/privacy-policy.pdf:
404.
That’s an error.
The requested URL
/media/try.crashlytics.com/en//terms/privacy-policy.pdf
was not found on this server.
That’s all we know.
Sub-policy 2
https://www.uservoice.com/privacy/:
Align Roadmaps with Intelligent Feedback for Effective Product Strategy
Learn More
Product
Features
Collect Feedback
Gather, prioritize, and close the loop on product feedback
Engage Customers
Make your customers an invaluable extension of your product team
Inform Product Strategy
Prioritize what to build next with user insights and powerful customer feedback analytics
Conduct Product Research
Leverage customer insights to validate ideas before you build
Align Internally
Foster collaboration by bringing feedback to the forefront of your roadmap planning
Integrations
Establish streamlined workflows with out-of-the-box integrations
Enterprise
Leading enterprise product feedback management system
New!
Impact Reports
From the Blog
UserVoice Updates
*NEW* Introducing Custom Idea Fields and Advanced Filtering
Product Feedback
A Complete Guide to Customer Feedback
See all posts
Pricing
What's New
Resources
Resources
Blog
eBooks
Security & Compliance
Developer Docs
Knowledge Base
Customers
Talk to Sales
Customer Support
Recent Posts
UserVoice Updates
A Product Roadmap Guide: Everything You Need To Know
Product Feedback
A Complete Guide to Customer Feedback
See all posts
Get a Demo
Talk to a Product Expert
Try for Free
Get a Demo
Talk to a Product Expert
Try for Free
trusted by the worlds leading product teams
Privacy Policy
Last modified September 9, 2020
Updated references to EU-US Data Privacy Framework Principles
Privacy Policy
Data Privacy Framework
GDPR Compliance
Introduction
This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices of UserVoice, which owns and operates various sites on the World Wide Web, including without limitation Uservoice.com, (collectively, the “UserVoice Websites”). Your access to and use of the UserVoice Websites and all the services provided via the UserVoice Websites (collectively, the “UserVoice Services”) are subject to UserVoice’s Terms of Use and all applicable laws.
This privacy policy describes how UserVoice collects, uses, and shares information about you that it obtains in connection with providing UserVoice Services to you.
We value your comments about our privacy statement and invite you to e-mail us with inquiries, suggestions and complaints at:
privacy@uservoice.com
.
What information is collected
In order to enhance your user experience and improve the UserVoice Services, UserVoice collects information about you from two sources: (i) information you affirmatively give to us; and (ii) information automatically collected when you visit any of the UserVoice Websites or use any UserVoice Services. Third parties may also collect your information in connection with your use of UserVoice Services.
‍
Information you give us
When you sign up for UserVoice Services, we may ask you to provide certain information about yourself such as your name, email address, billing address, and company name or affiliation. You can view all of the information collected during the registration process by visiting the registration page. You may modify or remove any of your personal information at any time by logging into your account and accessing features that will allow you to edit your profile and account information. Details on how to preform this action can be found
here
.
After you provide such information and set up your account, we may ask you to provide additional information about yourself on an optional basis. We may ask you for certain financial information, including credit card account data or other payment method data, to process payments for some of our services. UserVoice may collect any communication it has with you via any means, including e-mail, telephone, and letters.
By choosing to provide any information to us, you are giving UserVoice permission to use and store such information consistent with this privacy policy.
‍
Information we collect automatically
In addition, UserVoice automatically collects information about your interactions with the UserVoice Websites and UserVoice Services. For example, UserVoice may log information from your computer and browser, such as your IP address, profile information, aggregate user data, browser type, software and hardware attributes, pages you request, and cookie information. By using the UserVoice Services, you are giving UserVoice permission to use and store such information consistent with this privacy policy.
‍
Cookies
You may refuse to accept cookies by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse the setting of cookies. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our site. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you log on to our site.
‍
Information collected by third parties
UserVoice may use services that collect data remotely by using "pixel tags," "web beacons," "clear GIFs," or similar technologies. Such technologies can recognize certain types of information on your web browser, check whether you have viewed a particular web page or email message, and determine, among other things, the time and date on which you viewed them and the IP address of the computer from which you viewed them.
UserVoice Services may be linked to or provided through third party websites. UserVoice is not responsible for the privacy policies and/or practices on such third party websites. When linking or accessing such websites, you should carefully review the privacy policy of such third party to determine how it handles information it separately collects from you.
‍
Term; Termination
The term of this Agreement shall be as set forth in a written agreement between the parties (the “
Term
”).  Unless otherwise agreed to in writing, the subscription term and the term of this Agreement shall automatically renew (the “
Automatic Renewal
”) on the first day following the end of the current subscription term (the “
Renewal Date
”).  Account Holder may cancel such Automatic Renewal by terminating the subscription and this Agreement as set forth herein or by providing written notice, at least 30 days prior to the Renewal Date, that Account Holder does not wish to renew the subscription.
Either Party may terminate this Agreement in the event that the other party breaches this Agreement and fails to cure such breach within 30 days after receiving written notice thereof. In the event that UserVoice terminates due to Account Holder’s breach, (a) Account Holder will remain liable for any amount due under this Agreement (adjusted on a pro rata basis, if applicable) and (b) UserVoice will destroy all Account Holder Data (defined below) in its possession after giving Account Holder a reasonable opportunity to download such data for a period of 60 days.
Account Holder may terminate this Agreement and its subscription to the Service by providing UserVoice with written notice of termination. In the event of any such termination, Account Holder will not be entitled to a refund of prepaid subscription fees; and UserVoice will destroy all Account Holder Data in its possession after giving Account Holder a reasonable opportunity to download such data for a period of 60 days.
‍
How information is used
UserVoice uses the information it collects from you to deliver UserVoice Services to you and continuously enhance your user experience. Generally speaking, we use the collected information to communicate with you, fulfill your requests, customize the content, improve our products and services, protect our and your rights, and comply with laws and regulations.
We may use your personal information to send you promotional information and updates regarding UserVoice and its products and services. You may choose not to receive such information and
opt-out of such future communications
. All such communications sent to you will also contain instructions for opting-out.
The information that we collect from you may be used in aggregate form in various ways to optimize and improve UserVoice Services. While such information may be based on information about you, it will not identify you personally. We may use such information for the following purposes: website management, administration and security, promotional activities, and research and analysis.
With whom information is shared
Public Information
UserVoice may share as it sees fit information that you voluntarily make public, including information that you post on any blogs, message boards, chat rooms or other similar forums, whether or not such forums are owned by UserVoice. Since such public information can be accessed by the public and used by any member of the public, such use by third parties is beyond the control of UserVoice.
‍
Personal Information
UserVoice may share your personal information that it collects (i) with its agents, representatives, contractors and service providers so they can provide UserVoice with support services to operate the UserVoice Services, including companies that assist with payment processing, business analytics, data processing, account management, and other services, (ii) if required by law or to protect the legal rights of UserVoice or its affiliates, and each of their respective investors, directors, officers, employees, agents and suppliers, (iii) to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order or legal process, (iv) to protect the safety and security of users of the UserVoice Services or to enforce our Terms of Use or (v) to protect against fraud or for risk management purposes. In the event that UserVoice shares your personal information pursuant to subsection (i) above, it will require such agents, representatives, contractors and/or service providers not to use your information for any purpose other than providing us with specific services that we have requested.
Note that if you sign up for service from one of our affiliates, we may ask for your consent to share with such third party partner certain of your personal information. While UserVoice is not responsible for the acts of such partners, we encourage all of our partners to adopt privacy policies that protect against the disclosure of personal information to third persons.
If you notify us that you believe your legal rights have been violated by UserVoice or another user of the UserVoice Services, we may provide the information that you provide to us to others to the extent that we believe it is necessary to evaluate and respond to your complaint. For instance, if you submit a notice of copyright infringement to us, we may send a copy to the person or entity who uploaded, stored, or transmitted the material addressed by the communication.
‍
Non-Personal Information and Aggregate Data
UserVoice may share with third parties your personal information and related aggregated data. For example, UserVoice may share IP addresses of its users to provide anonymous aggregated data to business partners about the volume of use on the UserVoice Services and the specific UserVoice Services in which users are most interested. Because this form of data does not identify particular users, these third parties will not be able to contact you based solely on this data.
‍
Change of Control
If UserVoice sells all or part of its business, or makes a sale or transfer of assets, or is otherwise involved in a merger or business transfer, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy, UserVoice may transfer your personal information and non-personal information to one or more third parties as part of such transaction.
How you can control the information we collect, use and share
You have the choice about whether to disclose your personal information or other information about yourself to UserVoice. Regardless of your choices with respect to promotional communications and updates regarding content, UserVoice may send you administrative messages, service announcements, terms and conditions of your account, or other similar communications, without offering you the opportunity to opt out of receiving them.
You can change your
privacy settings
at any time. You may
delete your UserVoice account
, in accordance with our Terms of Use. Please note that, if you cancel your account, UserVoice may retain some information about you but will discontinue posting such information on the UserVoice Websites.
How information is protected
Your UserVoice accounts may be secured by member-created passwords, in which case reasonable precautions are taken to ensure that your account information is kept private. You are responsible for keeping your passwords confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone. UserVoice uses reasonable measures to protect your information stored within our databases, and we restrict access to such information to those employees who need access to perform their job functions, such as our customer service personnel and technical staff. Any payment transactions will be encrypted using SSL technology. Despite these efforts, please note that we cannot ensure or guarantee the security of your information. Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors may compromise the security of your information at any time.
Your European privacy rights
UserVoice is committed to compliance with the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”). More information can be found at
https://www.uservoice.com/gdpr-compliance/
UserVoice complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union and Switzerland to the United States, respectively. UserVoice has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Data Privacy Framework Principles. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the Data Privacy Framework Principles, the Data Privacy Framework Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework program, and to view our certification, please visit
dataprivacyframework.gov
.
On July 16, 2020 the Court of Justice of the European Union confirmed the validity of the European Commission’s standard contractual clauses as a legal mechanism for the transfer of EU personal data, but invalidated the EU-US Data Privacy Framework Principles framework. UserVoice’s customers may continue to use our services, relying on UserVoice’s agreement to the European Commission’s standard contractual clauses, which are included in our Data Processing Addendum.
Your California privacy rights
Under California Civil Code Section 1798.82, UserVoice customers who are California residents may request information about the disclosure of your personal information by UserVoice or its subsidiaries to a third party for the third party's direct marketing purposes. UserVoice does not sell personal data to any entity. If you would like to request more information, you may send an email to
privacy@uservoice.com
.
You may exercise your rights, including export and deletion of data, by visiting
https://www.uservoice.com/gdpr-compliance/
Your Brazilian privacy rights
Under Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados (“LGPD”), UserVoice users who are Brazilian residents may request information about the disclosure of their personal information by UserVoice or its subsidiaries to a third party for the third party's direct marketing purposes. UserVoice does not sell personal data to any entity. If you would like to request more information, you may send an email to
privacy@uservoice.com
.
Additional information regarding exercising your data rights and contacting the UserVoice Data Protection Officer can be found at
https://www.uservoice.com/gdpr-compliance/
Resolution of disputes and complaint mechanism
In compliance with the US-EU and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles, UserVoice commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information. European Union or Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding this privacy policy should first contact UserVoice at:
UserVoice Inc.
234 Fayetteville St, 3rd Floor
Raleigh, NC 27601
privacy@uservoice.com
Attn: Chief Executive Officer
Changes to this privacy policy
From time to time, we may make changes to this privacy policy. In order to ensure that you are familiar with our most updated policies and practices, you should check the effective date indicated above of this privacy policy each time you use the UserVoice Services. If we make any changes, we will notify you of such changes by posting the updated privacy policy on the UserVoice Websites. We may also send you an email alerting you of such changes. You will be bound by any such changes to the policy when you use the UserVoice Services after those changes have been posted. If we make material revisions concern practices where we have represented that we will obtain your consent to use or disclose your personal information, we will obtain your consent before taking any action inconsistent with those representations.
Contacting UserVoice
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of the UserVoice Website and UserVoice Services, or your dealings with UserVoice, please contact us at:
privacy@uservoice.com
Introduction
What information is collected
How information is used
With whom information is shared
How you can control the information we collect, use and share
How information is protected
Your European privacy rights
Your California privacy rights
Your Brazilian privacy rights
Resolution of disputes and complaint mechanism
Changes to this privacy policy
Contacting UserVoice
Sub-policy 3
https://www.iubenda.com/en/privacy-and-cookie-policy-generator:
×
Notice
We and selected third parties use cookies or similar technologies for technical purposes and, with your consent, for other purposes as specified in the
cookie policy
.
Use the “Accept” button to consent. Use the “Reject” button or close this notice to continue without accepting.
Press again to continue 0/1
Learn more and customize
Reject
Accept
×
The easiest way to
get Google Consent Mode
. Start measuring Google Analytics traffic and Google Ads conversions even when the consent banner is rejected.
Set up Google Consent Mode
Set up Google Consent Mode
×
IUBENDA PRIVACY AND COOKIE POLICY GENERATOR
The solution to draft, update and maintain your Privacy and Cookie Policy
for GDPR
FOR CPRA
for LGPD
for FADP
Easily generate and manage a Privacy and Cookie Policy that is professional, self-updating and customizable from 2000+ clauses, available in up to 27 languages, drafted by an international legal team and up to date with the main international legislations.
Features
Legal overview
Pricing
Not sure what you need?
Getting started guide
Start generating
Trusted by over 140,000 clients in 100+ countries
Watch our video overview
It's a requirement
Most countries have privacy laws that require you to include a
privacy policy
. iubenda makes it easy to comply with legal requirements across multiple countries' legislations (including the GDPR).
Policies are invalid if they're missing the right information
In order to be compliant, your policy must describe the personal data collected and the purposes of their collection and list all the third parties the data is shared with.
"Is my legislation covered?"
We make every effort to cover every country’s laws by adopting the strictest data privacy guidelines implemented in each country. We also regularly monitor all major global privacy laws (including the GDPR, the US's CPRA (CCPA amendment) & CalOPPA, the ePrivacy and Australia's APPs) to ensure that our solutions continue to meet necessary requirements.
Full legal overview
How it works
1. Customize
Create your Privacy and Cookie Policy by customizing from 2000+ clauses or by adding your own custom legal text. Our solution will guide you through.
Some popular clauses:
Google Analytics
Google AdSense
Facebook conversion tracking
Newsletter
2. Integrate easily
Integrate with your site or app by using one of our widgets or by integrating straight into the body via JS or API. The policy is hosted on our servers so that both you and our international legal team can keep it updated.
5 reasons why we host your policy
3. Manage and auto-update
Need to add a new analytics service or advertising network to your policy? Launching a newsletter or expanding to a new language? Use our dashboard to make changes in one click, while relying on our legal team pushing updates when the law changes.
Privacy and Cookie Policy Generator for the GDPR, ePrivacy and CPRA
We help you meet complex legislation-specific requirements at the click of a button.
For the GDPR and ePrivacy (EU Cookie Law)
More on 360° GDPR Compliance
The GDPR can apply to you whether or not you reside in the EU or have EU users and consequences of non-compliance can be quite serious. Our
generator
takes the guesswork out of compliance and allows you to create GDPR and
ePrivacy
compliant Privacy and Cookie Policies in minutes!
Displaying GDPR related language, disclosures, and instructions as legally required
Readily accessible from every page of your site (as legally required)
Seamless integration with the Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution for IAB integrated Cookie consent management once activated within the generator + more
For the CPRA
More on 360° US Compliance
The often compared to the EU's GDPR, the Californian Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA/CPRA) grants additional rights to Californian consumers and places several new requirements on businesses, including disclosure and
opt-out requirements
. Our solution makes it easy for you to create CPRA (
CCPA amendments
) Compliant Privacy Policies by:
Displaying CPRA (CCPA amendment) related language, disclosures, and instructions as legally required
Indicating services active on your site which might constitute a sale under the CPRA (CCPA amendment) definition (as legally required)
Automatically updating your embedded privacy policy with the CPRA (CCPA amendment) text once activated within the generator — no need to re-integrate the code on your site
Features and benefits
Customizable
Choose from 2000+ pre-crafted clauses in up to 27 languages or, if you can't find what you're looking for, add your own custom clauses using the built-in form or place a request. You can even add a cookie policy in just one click.
GDPR, CPRA and LGPD ready
All of iubenda's documents help you comply with international laws like the GDPR, ePrivacy, CPRA, and
LGPD
.
Self-updating
Our team of lawyers constantly work to keep your documents up-to-date with the main international legislations, to notify you of major upcoming changes and to present you with one-click solutions.
Customizable
Choose from 2000+ pre-crafted clauses in up to 27 languages or, if you can't find what you're looking for, add your own custom clauses using the built-in form or place a request. You can even add a cookie policy in just one click.
GDPR, CPRA and LGPD ready
All of iubenda's documents help you comply with international laws like the GDPR, ePrivacy, CPRA, and
LGPD
.
Self-updating
Our team of lawyers constantly work to keep your documents up-to-date with the main international legislations, to notify you of major upcoming changes and to present you with one-click solutions.
Customize from 2000+ clauses
The quality of an international legal team at the convenience of an online software solution
Updated when the law changes
Generate in up to 27 languages
White label
A dashboard to manage and make changes
App developer? We're optimized for the mobile store specific requirements
Redesigned legal documents for increased transparency, understanding, and clarity
Site scanner to auto-detect services in use on your website
Explore all features and benefits
Trusted by over 140,000 clients in 100+ countries
“If you, like me, are part of a smart team and hate updating your privacy policy every time you add some code to your site, then iubenda is for you. It's ridiculously affordable, and super easy to use.”
Start generating
TRY BEFORE YOU BUY or STAY WITH THE FREE OPTION
3115928 self-updating documents already generated
FAQ
Should my email newsletters contain a privacy policy?
Yes. Email newsletters should contain a reference to your
privacy policy
. You must also show a link to your privacy policy when users subscribe to your newsletter in order to inform the user about your data use/collection practices.
More on newsletter legal requirements
Can I just copy and paste the generated legal text?
From time to time laws and third-party requirements are amended and updated; it's important to ensure that your policies meet these latest requirements. For this reason, we use embedding and NOT copy & paste. With this method, you can rest assured that your policy is up to date and being maintained remotely by our legal team.
More on why we host your documents
Documentation and Guides
Getting Started Guide
How to Generate a Policy
Mobile Guide
Email/Newsletter Guide
See all Guides
Not sure what you need?
Read our
Getting Started Guide
Chat with us live
or
contact support
Or join us at
our next webinar
to get an overview of the legal requirements and ask live questions
All our products are
WCAG Level AAA Compliant
Part of a 360° compliance solution
A complete set of solutions to make your website or app compliant with the law, across multiple languages and legislations
Overview
Pricing
For websites/apps
Privacy and Cookie Policy Generator
Create your privacy and cookie policy in minutes.
Customizable from 2000+ clauses, available in up to 27 languages and automatically updated if the law changes, our generator allows you to create a legal document in minutes and seamlessly integrate it with your website or app.
Explore
Features
Documentation and guides
For websites/apps
Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution
Manage consent preferences for the ePrivacy, GDPR, CPRA (CCPA amendment) and LGPD. Integrated with the IAB TCF and CCPA Compliance Framework.
Our solution allows you to display a fully customizable cookie banner/consent banner, collect cookie consent, implement prior blocking (including auto-blocking), set advertising preferences, and more.
Explore
Features
Documentation and guides
iubenda is a Google certified CMP with TCF and Google Consent Mode support
For websites/apps
Terms and Conditions Generator
Create your terms and conditions in minutes.
Customizable from hundreds of combinations, available in up to 15 languages, powerful and precise — our solution is capable of handling even the most complex, individual scenarios. Optimized for e-commerce, marketplace, SaaS, apps and more.
Explore
Features
Documentation and guides
For organizations
Whistleblowing Management Tool
Provide an easy-to-use internal reporting channel as required by the EU Whistleblower Directive for organizations with 50+ employees. Instantly generate your forms to embed or print.
Collect and manage whistleblower reports from employees and other individuals connected to your organization while safeguarding their identities and ensuring confidentiality. Tailored for EU businesses and global organizations dedicated to ethical transparency.
Explore
Features
Documentation and guides
For websites/apps
For organizations
Consent Database
Collect GDPR & LGPD consent, document opt-ins and
CPRA (CCPA amendment) opt-outs
via your web forms.
Our solution smoothly integrates with your consent collection forms, syncs with your legal documents and includes a user-friendly dashboard for reviewing consent records of your activities.
Explore
Features
Documentation and guides
For websites/apps
For organizations
Register of Data Processing Activities
Document all the data processing activity within your organization.
To comply with privacy laws, and particularly the GDPR, companies need to record how they store and use the data they collect from their users. Our solution allows you to easily document all the data processing activities within your organization.
Explore
Features
Documentation and guides
Enterprise
Hundreds of enterprises rely on iubenda for their online compliance throughout multiple properties and legislations.
Get in touch
Looking for custom documents?
Our international network of lawyers can provide you with tailored documents and a full compliance review.
Get in touch
Become a Certified Partner
iubenda's Partner Program is designed for agencies and web professionals seeking to expand their expertise and assist their clients in making their websites, apps and data processing activities compliant with the law.
More on the partner program →
;
Content is blocked
You denied the use of cookies or similar technologies for the purpose of functionality. To view this content, please update your consent preferences.