Kids First LTD Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy discloses Kids First
              LTD Application's privacy practices.
We take your privacy seriously and respect your right to keep your
              personal information confidential.
Our Apps in general (see *Exceptions section below):
- Do not collect any user information
- Do not sell, share, nor disclose any personal information to
              third parties.
- Do not collect any personal information about the users of our
              apps.
- Do collect some anonymous usage statistics to help us improve
              our apps and services.
- May contain links to our apps
- May contain in-app purchases
Users, choosing to contact us and / or provide personal
              information, choose so at their own discretion and at their own
              risk.
*Exceptions:
- In case of a specific App which might not comply with all of the above, its specific policy will be disclosed as part of its App Store disclosure info.
- Our Ads-Serving App Versions are using Google Mobile Ads SDK for serving Ads and therefore may collect certain information from apps, including:
IP address, which may be used to estimate the general location of a device.
              Non-user related crash logs, which may be used to diagnose problems and improve the SDK. Diagnostic information may also be used for advertising and analytics purposes.
              User-associated performance data such as app launch time, hang rate, or energy usage, which may be used to evaluate user behavior, understand the effectiveness of existing product features, and plan new features. Performance data may also be used for displaying ads, including sharing with other entities that display ads.
              A Device ID such as the device's advertising identifier or other app-bounded device identifiers, which may be used for the purpose of third-party advertising and analytics.
              Advertising data, such as advertisements the user has seen, may be used to power analytics and advertising features.
              Other user product interactions like app launch taps, and interaction information, like video views, may be used to improve advertising performance.
We reserve the right, at any time, to change and / or update this
              Privacy Policy without any notice.
For any questions about our policies, you may
Contact Us
(Support@Kids-First.net)
This Privacy Policy was updated on February 16, 2022.