Consent
Details
[#IABV2SETTINGS#]
About
This website uses cookies
We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services.
Consent Selection
Necessary
Preferences
Statistics
Marketing
Show details
Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies.
Cookiebot
2
Learn more about this provider
1.gif
Used to count the number of sessions to the website, necessary for optimizing CMP product delivery.
CookieConsent
Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain
Formsite
3
Learn more about this provider
AWSALB
Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience.
AWSALBCORS
Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience.
JSESSIONID
Preserves users states across page requests.
Google
3
Learn more about this provider
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
test_cookie
Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies.
rc::a
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website.
rc::c
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots.
Vimeo
1
Learn more about this provider
_cfuvid
This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators.
assets.crfconnect.com
fonts.net
vimeo.com
3
__cf_bm [x3]
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website.
cdn.signalfx.com
1
_splunk_rum_sid
Detects and logs potential errors on third-party provided functions on the website.
e.crf.org
pardot.com
3
visitor_id#-hash [x3]
Used to encrypt and contain visitor data. This is necessary for the security of the user data.
www.crf.org
1
hex (32)
Used to manage server calls to the website's backend systems.
Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in.
We do not use cookies of this type.
Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously.
Vimeo
1
Learn more about this provider
vuid
Collects data on the user's visits to the website, such as which pages have been read.
Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers.
Brightcove
2
Learn more about this provider
_bc_uuid
Used in context with video-advertisement. The cookie limits the number of times a user is shown the same advertisement. The cookie is also used to ensure relevance of the video-advertisement to the specific user.
v2/tracker
Used in context with video-advertisement. The cookie limits the number of times a user is shown the same advertisement. The cookie is also used to ensure relevance of the video-advertisement to the specific user.
Feathr
3
Learn more about this provider
f_id
Tracks the individual sessions on the website, allowing the website to compile statistical data from multiple visits. This data can also be used to create leads for marketing purposes.
v1/analytics/crumb
This cookie registers data on the visitor. The information is used to optimize advertisement relevance.
feathr_session_id
Registers a unique ID that identifies a returning user's device. The ID is used for targeted ads.
Google
5
Learn more about this provider
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
_ga
Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
_ga_#
Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
NID
Pending
pagead/gen_204
Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement.
csi
Collects data on visitors' preferences and behaviour on the website - This information is used make content and advertisement more relevant to the specific visitor.
Pardot
1
Learn more about this provider
lpv#
Used in context with behavioral tracking by the website. The cookie registers the user’s behavior and navigation across multiple websites and ensures that no tracking errors occur when the user has multiple browser-tabs open.
The Trade Desk
1
Learn more about this provider
track/cmf/generic
Presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers.
Wufoo
1
Learn more about this provider
ep201
Saves user states across page requests when completing a web-based survey.
YouTube
21
Learn more about this provider
#-#
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
__Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN
Pending
iU5q-!O9@$
Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen.
LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
nextId
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
remote_sid
Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website.
requests
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
ServiceWorkerLogsDatabase#SWHealthLog
Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website.
TESTCOOKIESENABLED
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE
Pending
YSC
Pending
yt.innertube::nextId
Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen.
YtIdbMeta#databases
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
yt-remote-cast-available
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-cast-installed
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-connected-devices
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-device-id
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-fast-check-period
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-session-app
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-session-name
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
e.crf.org
pardot.com
5
pardot [x2]
Used in context with Account-Based-Marketing (ABM). The cookie registers data such as IP-addresses, time spent on the website and page requests for the visit. This is used for retargeting of multiple users rooting from the same IP-addresses. ABM usually facilitates B2B marketing purposes.
visitor_id# [x3]
Used in context with Account-Based-Marketing (ABM). The cookie registers data such as IP-addresses, time spent on the website and page requests for the visit. This is used for retargeting of multiple users rooting from the same IP-addresses. ABM usually facilitates B2B marketing purposes.
Unclassified
2
Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies.
cdn.signalfx.com
1
browser_instance_id
Pending
www.crf.org
1
sideNav
Pending
Cross-domain consent
[#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS_COUNT#]
[#BULK_CONSENT_TITLE#]
List of domains your consent applies to:
[#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS#]
Cookie declaration last updated on 2/25/25 by
Cookiebot
[#IABV2_TITLE#]
[#IABV2_BODY_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_LEGITIMATE_INTEREST_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PREFERENCE_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_PURPOSES#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_FEATURES#]
[#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_PARTNERS#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS#]
Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user's experience more efficient.
The law states that we can store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site. For all other types of cookies we need your permission.
This site uses different types of cookies. Some cookies are placed by third party services that appear on our pages.
You can at any time change or withdraw your consent from the Cookie Declaration on our website.
Learn more about who we are, how you can contact us and how we process personal data in our Privacy Policy.
Please state your consent ID and date when you contact us regarding your consent.
Do not sell or share my personal information
Deny
Allow selection
Customize
Allow all
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Effective Date:  May 2021
Your privacy is of great importance to the Cardiovascular Research Foundation, 1700 Broadway, 9
th
Floor, New York, New York 10019 United States of America (“CRF”) and CRF is committed to being responsible custodians of the information you provide and the information CRF collects in the course of operating its business.
CRF takes your personal privacy seriously.  This privacy statement (this “Statement”) describes how CRF, as a data controller, may collect, use and share information, particularly in association with the operation of CRF’s websites (the “CRF Website(s)”) and when you attend any of CRF’s live, in-person or virtual events.  This Statement applies to all personal data collected by CRF from individuals in the United States, European Union or from countries that have similar data protection laws.
Because CRF wants to demonstrate its commitment to your privacy, CRF share its information practices with you, including:
What personal data is collected from users of CRF Websites.
The organization collecting the personal data.
How the collected personal data is used.
With whom the personal data may be shared.
What rights and choices are available to users.
The security procedures in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information that is under CRF’s control.
What Personal Data is Collected
CRF collects your personal data when you provide it, for instance by visiting CRF Websites, when you contact CRF, by attending CRF’s live, in-person or virtual events, or by entering into a contract with CRF.  “Personal data” is any information that can be used to identify you or that CRF can link to you, such as your name, e-mail address or IP address.  CRF may automatically collect certain information when you use, access or interact with CRF via the CRF Websites, for instance through browser settings or cookies.  CRF may also collect information from other sources, such as social media platforms that may share information about how you interact with CRF’s social media content, or if you interact with CRF via its social media accounts.
All personal data you provide to CRF or that CRF (automatically) collects is provided voluntarily.  However, without providing certain data, such as your e-mail address, CRF may not be able to respond to your requests or deliver its services to you.
CRF Websites and services are generally not directed to children under 16.  CRF does not knowingly collect personal data from anyone under 16 without parental consent.  If you become aware that CRF has collected personal data from a child under the age of 16 without parental consent, please let CRF know so that it can take appropriate action.
If you attend certain of CRF’s live, in-person events, CRF may attach a wearable beacon to your event badge.  As you enter and exit various public areas at these events, your registration information will be captured by electronic readers.  The information obtained through this process will be used to measure event attendance and to analyze aggregated event data for CRF’s internal business purposes.  CRF may also use this information to send promotional and informational communications that CRF believes may be of interest to you, both during and after the event.  You have the option of requesting that the beacon not be attached to your badge either via e-mail or at the time you pick up your badge at the event.  Please check the terms and conditions of the applicable event when registering for additional information about the use/opt-out of the beacons.  If you do not request to have the beacon removed at or during the event, you will later have the option not to receive promotional e-mails from CRF by using the “unsubscribe” link included in each promotional e-mail.
How CRF Uses the Information It Collects
CRF will only process personal data where CRF has a legal basis to do so.  For example, CRF may use the information it collects:
To enter into a contract with you, or to take steps, at your request, prior to entering into a contract (such as account registration for which CRF requires your name, e-mail address, city, state, country, zip/postal code, and clinical/non-clinical classification);
To respond to your inquiries, to provide you with services that you request, to communicate with third-parties to provide services to you, to maintain business administration records and prevent fraud, which is in CRF’s legitimate interest;
For other communications with you. For example, CRF sends each new member a welcome e-mail to verify username and password.  Thereafter, members who elect to join one or more of CRF’s electronic communication distribution lists will occasionally receive communications about features, products, services or updates from CRF or in relation to the CRF Websites.  It is in CRF’s legitimate interest to send these communications.  Members who elect to join one or more of CRF’s electronic communication distribution lists and consent to receiving third-party communications may also occasionally receive communications about features, products, services or updates sponsored by third-parties that may be of interest to users of CRF Websites;
To keep records and administration on how services were provided, claims and complaints were handled, including the documents underlying such services, claims and complaints, which is in CRF’s legitimate interest;
To understand how people use the CRF Websites and services and to operate, maintain and improve the CRF Websites and services, which is in CRF’s legitimate interest;
To comply with legal obligations applicable to CRF, such as responding to legal process or requests for information issued by government authorities or other third-parties.
How CRF May Share the Information It Collects
CRF and its affiliated entities share information with each other or with third-party service providers/subprocessors (including consultants and attorneys) for CRF’s general business purposes, such as internal administration and providing you or your organization with services.  CRF also works with third-party service providers/subprocessors to provide a more customized experience for you when you visit the CRF Websites.  To do so, CRF may disclose personal data to these third-party service providers/subprocessors, though CRF does not permit such third-party service providers to re-sell or use your personal data for their own purposes.  These third-party service providers/subprocessors may collect and profile your information in order to monitor and analyze the CRF Websites’ traffic for the purposes of business intelligence, provide personalized suggestions and content recommendations, including advertisements, and/or monitor the CRF Websites for purposes of developing service improvements.
CRF and its affiliated entities may share information with other third-parties (including law enforcement agencies and potential transaction partners, sponsors, supporters, exhibitors and investors) where CRF and its affiliated entities have a legal basis to do so.
During your attendance at an in-person event organized by CRF, your badge containing personal data or information that reasonably identifies you will be scanned for administrative and legal compliance purposes.  At both in-person and virtual events organized by CRF, CRF will provide third-parties (
i.e.,
CRF’s sponsors, supporters and exhibitors) with your personal data or information for such third-parties’ independent use in compliance with their privacy statements.
During your attendance at a virtual event organized by CRF, if you submit comments, questions, feedback or other information during any of the sessions, you understand that your first and last name will be tied to your submission, both of which will be shared publicly with other participants in that session.  You further understand that these sessions (and the information you submit during a session) may be recorded and made available publicly on any of the CRF Websites.
If CRF transfers your personal data to a recipient outside of the European Union, CRF will only do so in compliance with the European Union General Data Protection Regulation.  If you have questions about the international transfers of your personal data or the appropriate safeguards CRF has in place or wish to obtain a copy of such safeguards, please contact CRF via
officeoflegalaffairs@crf.org
.
Third-Party Services and Content
CRF engages third-parties that support the operation of the CRF Websites, such as analytics providers.  For instance, CRF uses Google Analytics, and Feathr.co to analyze the audience of the CRF Websites and improve CRF’s content.  These third-parties may use various technologies to track your online activities over time and across different websites and online platforms.  By visiting CRF Websites, these  third-parties may place cookies on your browsers for the purpose of targeting and online behavioral advertising and used by such third parties to target advertising on other sites or applications based on your online activity.  For further information on the privacy policies concerning these third-party services, please visit their respective websites:
Google Analytics:
http://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html
; and
Feathr:
https://www.feathr.co/privacy-policy
.
CRF Websites may also include integrated content or links to content provided by third-parties (such as social media platforms).  This Statement does not address the privacy, security or other practices of the third-parties that provide such content.  CRF does not endorse, screen or approve, and are not responsible for, the privacy practices or content of such other websites.  Visiting these other websites is at your own risk.  CRF recommends that you review the privacy policies applicable to third-party websites prior to visiting those websites.
Protection and Storage of the Information CRF Collects
CRF deploys administrative, technical and physical safeguards designed to safeguard the information that it collects.  However, no safeguards or systems can be 100% secure.  This means that CRF cannot guarantee the absolute security of your personal data.  Moreover, CRF is not responsible for the security of information you transmit to CRF over networks that CRF does not control, including the internet and wireless networks, or that you submit to third-parties through their websites, services or otherwise.
CRF retains the information it collects in an identifiable form as reasonably necessary and only for as long as required to fulfill the purposes for which CRF collected the information and to comply with CRF’s legal obligations.
Your Choices and Rights
CRF encourages you to contact CRF to update or correct your information if it changes or if you believe that any information that CRF collected about you is inaccurate.  If provided for under applicable law, you can also ask CRF to see what personal data CRF has about you, to rectify or erase your personal data or to port your personal data.  You may also tell CRF if you object to or want to restrict CRF’s use of your personal data.  If you would like to discuss or exercise such rights, please notify
officeoflegalaffairs@crf.org
.  You can also use this address to lodge a complaint.  Depending on your location, if you are not satisfied about the manner in which CRF handles your complaint, you may also lodge a complaint with the competent data protection authority.
If CRF process your personal data on the basis of your consent, you may withdraw your consent at any time by contacting CRF at
officeoflegalaffairs@crf.org
.  Depending on your location, where CRF processes your personal data on the basis of CRF’s or a third-party’s legitimate interest, you may object to such processing at any time by contacting CRF at
officeoflegalaffairs@crf.org
.
Changes to This Statement
CRF may update this Statement at any time.  The effective date of the current Statement is noted at the beginning of this Statement.  CRF encourages you to periodically review this page.  If CRF make changes, CRF will inform you by revising the effective date and, in some cases (for example, if CRF intends to use your information in a way that materially differs from what is described in this Statement), CRF may provide you with an additional notice (such as adding a statement to CRF Website homepages or sending you a notification).  Your continued use of the Services following the posting of any changes to this Statement means you consent to such changes.
Use of Cookies
CRF collects certain information by automated means when you visit CRF Websites through the use of cookies.  A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that CRF stores on your browser or the hard drive of your computer.  Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer’s hard drive.  Cookies are used to speed up your access to the CRF Websites and the information you wish to see, as well as for website analytics, marketing efforts and for functionality.
Cookies are also used to distinguish you from other users of the CRF Websites.  This helps CRF to provide you with a good experience when you browse CRF Websites and allows CRF to improve them.  The CRF Websites may also use web beacons along with cookies (either directly or through CRF’s third-party service providers such as  Feathr) to understand your browsing and buying activities and to determine if you have visited a particular site, which aids CRF in providing you with more relevant advertising and allows CRF to measure the success of online advertising campaigns.  Web beacons allow CRF to obtain information such as the IP address of the computer that downloaded the page on which the beacon appears, the URL of the page on which the beacon appears, the time the page containing the beacon was viewed, the type of browser used to view the page, and the information in cookies set by the third-party.  CRF also collects IP addresses, either directly or through CRF’s third-party service providers such as  Feathr.  An IP address is a unique identifier that certain electronic devices used to identify and communicate with each other on the internet.  When you visit the CRF Websites, CRF may view and/or store the IP address of the device you use to connect to the internet.  For a third-party cookie or web beacon, the third-party will have access to the collected information in order to provide CRF with information or services to enhance the performance or functionality of the CRF Websites.  CRF uses this information to determine the general physical location of the device and understand from what regions of the world visitors to the CRF Websites come from.  CRF uses the information collected from these technologies to compile reports, help CRF improve the CRF Websites such as by providing you with more relevant advertising, and allows CRF to measure the success of online advertising campaigns.
The Types of Cookies CRF Uses
CRF uses the following types of cookies on the CRF Websites:
Permanent and Strictly Necessary Cookies.
These are cookies that are required for the operation of the CRF Websites.  They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of the CRF Websites, use a shopping cart or make use of e-billing services.  They also remember your login details and password, so you don’t have to type them in every time you use the CRF Websites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies.
These are cookies that allow CRF to recognize and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around the CRF Websites when using them.  These cookies help CRF to improve the way CRF Websites work, for example, by helping users to easily find what they are looking for.
Functionality Cookies.
These are cookies that are used to recognize you when you return to a CRF Websites.  These cookies enable CRF to personalize content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).
Targeting Cookies.
These are cookies that are used to profile your interests and habits by recording or monitoring your visits to the CRF Websites and providing information such as the browser used to access the CRF Websites, date and time, the URL of the webpage being loaded, any previously assigned cookie identification, your geographic location, the pages you have visited, the links you have followed, the ads you have viewed and the length of time spent viewing such items on the CRF Websites.  CRF will use this information to make the CRF Websites and the advertising displayed on them more relevant to your interests.  Targeting cookies are also placed by CRF’s third-party service providers that enable them to uniquely identify you so as to also provide you with personalized ads on the CRF Websites or on other websites visited by you. You may may opt-out from receiving targeted advertisements from Feathr by visiting the NAI website opt-out page here:
http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
or
The DAA opt-out page here:
http://www.aboutads.info/
or
For EU users, the EDAA opt-out page here:
http://youronlinechoices.eu/
.
Session Cookies.
These are temporary cookies that expire when the browser is closed.
Controlling Cookies
You may control cookie settings in your web browser by refusing to allow the setting of all or some cookies.  For detailed guidance on how to control or disable cookies, CRF recommends you visit
.  If you view a CRF Website without changing your cookie settings, you are indicating your consent to receive all cookies from the CRF Website.  However, if you change your cookie settings to block cookies, some features and functionality of the CRF Websites may not operate as expected.
Skirball Center
for Innovation
Clinical Trials Center
Center for Education
Meetings Calendar
TCT
®
Conference
TCTMD
®
CRF
®
Corporate

Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html:
marketingplatform.google.com uses cookies from Google to deliver and enhance the quality of its services and to analyze traffic.
Learn more
.
OK, got it
Google is committed to advancing racial equity for Black communities.
See how.
Faster, smarter marketing
Introducing Google Marketing Platform, a unified advertising and analytics platform for smarter marketing and better results.
Sign in to Google Marketing Platform
Sign in to Google Marketing Platform
Easy-to-use tools for small businesses
Get free tools to make the most of your marketing, from site and app analytics to intuitive testing and more.
See small-business solutions
Advanced solutions for large enterprises
Make deeper customer connections to drive better marketing results with a complete set of advertising and analytics solutions.
See enterprise solutions
Our Adidas teams
work together in one environment
where we can see audience insights, what creative we’re running and where, how it’s performing, and make changes almost in real time.
Chris Murphy
,
          Head of Digital Experience,
              Adidas
GMP_Logo_analytics
Analytics
Understand your customers so you can deliver better experiences.
Learn more about Analytics
Analytics
Understand your customers so you can deliver better experiences.
Tag Manager
Manage all your tags without editing code.
Campaign Manager 360
Get a complete view of all your digital media campaigns.
Display & Video 360
Reach today’s always-connected audiences wherever they are.
Search Ads 360
Get real-time data and unified insights for your search campaigns.
1
Bain report: How top brands grow with timely customer connections.
New research from Bain shows how leading marketers are using platform integrations and technology to boost customer engagement by delivering more relevant experiences in the moment.
Read more
Case Study
Deckers Brands drives business growth with Google Marketing Platform and Google Cloud
Read more
Feature Brief
Control how data is used in Google Analytics
Read more
Guide
Meeting the data challenge with Google Marketing Platform and Google Cloud
Read more
1
See all resources
Let’s partner up.
Whether you’re looking for help with a single project or a bigger, long-term partnership, Google Marketing Platform Partners have the resources and expertise you need to help you achieve more with your marketing.
Find a partner
Help when you need it.
We’re here to support you every step of the way, whether you use a single product or the entire Google Marketing Platform.
Get support
Sub-policy 1
https://www.feathr.co/privacy-policy:
This website stores cookies on your computer – which we use to collect anonymous information about how you interact with our website and improve your experience. To learn more, see our
Privacy Policy
.
If you decline, your information won’t be tracked when you visit this website. A single cookie will be used in your browser to remember your preference not to be tracked.
Accept
Decline
Feathr.co Technology & Website Privacy Policy
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their ‘Personally identifiable information’ (PII) is being used online. PII, as used in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our Website and Technology.
About Us
Feathr is an online advertising and event marketing platform headquartered in the United States. We provide this privacy policy to inform you about how our technology platform (“Technology”) processes information on behalf of online advertisers, website owners, data providers and other businesses that use our services (collectively, our “Customers”).
Feathr runs a marketing platform. The Feathr Technology allows our Customers to buy ad space on websites for online advertising and allows for the use of proprietary and third party data in the purchase of that media. When ad space on or within a website or mobile application is bought or sold (usually to an advertiser or ad agency by a web publisher) the Technology, fulfills the transaction by delivering the ad to Internet and mobile users who visit that site or use that application. Generally, an Internet user’s computer comes into contact with Feathr when a user views an ad, opens an email, or visits a website, delivered or serviced by or with our Technology. Serving users relevant advertising is sometimes referred to as interest based advertising or online behavioral advertising, also known as “IBA” or “
OBA
”
Technology
Last Edited on 2018-06-19
Our fundamental principal is that when advertising is tailored to a user based on their interests and behavior, it is mutually beneficial to the user and the business wishing to engage with them. To do this, we collect a variety of data from Customers and across platforms, including from other third party platforms and providers, to help optimize ads and increase the likelihood that a particular unique, but anonymous users will be interested in an ad they see.
Our Technology collects Non-Personally Identifiable Information (“Non-PII”) that may include, but is not limited to, your IP host address, the date and time of the ad request, pages viewed, browser type, the referring URL, Internet Service Provider, and your computer’s operating system, as well as how you interact with a web page or ad. We may also receive Non-PII such as age, gender, income, education, interests, and usage activity from Customers or other third parties, such as other data and advertising platforms we work with. We may assign a unique, non-PII identifier to your browser or device, such as an identifier associated with a “cookie” on your browser, and this identifier may likewise be associated with any other (anonymous or de-identified) information we have collected about, or otherwise learned or inferred about you.
We also may collect or receive analogous Non-PII from mobile platforms or applications, which may include information about your interactions with those platforms or applications (including your IP address and time-stamp information), your precise geolocation information (such as latitudinal and longitudinal coordinates), and information about your mobile device (including device type, handset name, operating system information, mobile identifiers such as Apple IDFA and Android Advertising ID, app-specific identifiers, and a list of the applications your device interacts with).
Sometimes, we obtain the above information from other ad platforms, application platforms or providers, customers or websites and services (including our Customers).
Customers may also choose to provide us with personally identifiable information such as an email address, name, username or other identifier or any other PII.
How We Use Information Collected
Feathr uses Non-PII and, if it is provided to us by a Customer, to target and serve relevant advertising to users and to perform attribution analysis or other analytics regarding advertising audiences, as well as to compile, match and link audiences on behalf of Customers. For instance, we may use information, generally on behalf of Customer, to:
Determine what ad to show a user, and customize ads to particular types of audiences;
Customize ads to the type of web page users are viewing;
Limit the number of times a user sees an ad or a type of ad;
Perform analysis of how effective ads are;
Help advertisers learn more about their own users.
Sometimes we may use or make available to Customers the Non-PII we collect or receive (such as IP Address) to recognize users or try to resolve a commonality of users (or households) across platforms or across devices, such as smartphones, computers, tablets or related browsers. For instance, we might infer that a common IP address seen across different devices represents a common user (or a related or similar user), and use that inference in tailoring ads. If a Customer provides us with PII, we may also use PII, or a combination of PII and Non-PII for this purpose. Occasionally, we use or create anonymized data sets (which may constitute hashed or obfuscated personally identifiable information), in order to promote, test or validate the accuracy of such inferences.
Cookies and Web Beacons
In order to help make the online advertisements more relevant to users, our Technology uses the standard “cookies” feature of major browser applications that allows us to store a small piece of data on users’ computers about users’ visits to certain websites. We also use cookies to understand users’ browsing and buying activities so that we can measure the success of online advertising campaigns we run.
Cookies are small text files that web servers typically send to users’ computer when they visit a website. Cookies are stored as text files on users’ hard drive, and can be accessed by web servers when the user visits a website or views an advertisement. Cookies are used by companies to collect and send information about a user’s website visits – for example, number of visits, average time spent, pages viewed, navigation history through the website, and other statistics. This information helps companies improve a user’s online experience in many ways: for example, by allowing companies to monitor website performance, making the website easier to use, measuring the effectiveness of their promotional placements, and tailoring their website (including the ads and offers they receive) to better match a user’s interests and preferences. Users who prefer not to accept cookies can set their Internet browser to notify them when they receive a cookie or to prevent cookies from being placed on their hard drive.
Feathr also uses web beacons (also known as 1×1 gifs), along with cookies, to determine if a user has visited a particular website. These beacons aid in providing more relevant advertising to the user, as well measuring the success of an advertising campaign, but provide no personally identifiable information.
Information Sharing
Feathr may share the non-PII that we collect and receive in various ways.
Primarily, we may work with Customers and other third parties to help optimize ads and make them more likely to be relevant to users, by comparing, syncing and sharing the non-PII described above. For instance, we may disclose to other ad platforms, customers or websites and services (including our Customers), non-PII we have collected (generally, unique, anonymous identifiers representing users’ browsers), to match their unique identifiers to our own, so that we can “sync” identifiers in order to help them show more relevant ads, match users to their likely interests, or better synchronize, cap, or otherwise optimize advertising.
Finally, we may share aggregated, non-personal information with Customers in connection with reporting and accounting needs as well as with other unaffiliated third parties for various purposes such as statistical or educational analysis (such as the creation of predictive models).
Feathr may share the PII provided to us by a Customer with that Customer for the provision of services to that Customer and as set forth in this policy, including in order to assist Customers with targeted advertising. We may sync or combine Non-PII that has been shared with third parties (as set forth above) with PII, and we may share the combined data with the Customer who provided us with the PII.
We may also share PII, Non-PII or any combination thereof:
to be processed on our behalf by third-party service providers that assist us in running our business, including providers of data storage and processing facilities.
we reasonably believe we are obligated to do so by law, and in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected or actual activities that may harm any person, our company, the Technology, or otherwise violate any law.
Also, in the event Feathr is merged into another company, or another company acquires all or substantially all of Feathr’s assets, including, without limitation, in the event of bankruptcy, all data compiled or owned by Feathr may be among the items transferred in that transaction.
Your Opt-Out Choices
You can opt out of receiving personalized ads served by us or on our behalf by clicking on the blue icon that typically appears in the corner of the ads we serve and following the instructions provided or by visiting our
Privacy Platform
. Please note that this “opt out” function is browser-specific and relies on an “opt out cookie”: thus, if you delete your cookies or upgrade your browser after having opted out, you will need to opt out again or make sure to opt out from the device you intend to remove from targeting and personalization. In addition to using our Privacy Platform, you may also opt out of the sale or sharing of your personal information by enabling Global Privacy Control (GPC) in your browser.
The online advertising industry provides websites from which you may opt-out of receiving targeted ads from our data and advertising partners. You can access these, and also learn more about targeted advertising and user choice and privacy, at
http://www.aboutads.info
and at
http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
. If you are located in the EU you can access this information at
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu.
If you are an EU citizen you have additional rights afforded to you under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) described below.
GDPR Data Protection Rights
If you are a resident of a European Territory, you have the following enhanced rights and modes of executing them through Feathr:
If you wish to
access, correct, update or request deletion
of your personal information, you can contact us using the contact details provided under the “Contact us about questions or concerns” heading below. You can
further
object to processing
of your personal information, ask us to
restrict processing
of your personal information. Again, you can exercise these rights by contacting us using the contact details provided under the “Contacting Us" heading below.
If we have already collected and processed your personal information with your consent, then you can withdraw or modify your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent. You can withdraw consent for us or our partners to drop our tracking cookies and our partners’ cookies by visiting our
Privacy Platform
or by withdrawing consent for Feathr when you see an IAB compliant “consent management platform” on a publisher or advertiser site which lists Feathr as a participating vendor.
Please note that we have no direct relationship with the individuals whose personal data we process on behalf of our clients and partners. Where we act as a processor for our clients and partners (for example, with respect to our email products), you should direct any requests to access, correct, update, or delete your personal data to the respective client or partner. We will respond to any requests by a client or partner to provide assistance with such requests within 30 days.
Data Storage and Security
We retain the both PII and Non-PII collected via our Technology for up to 24 months. After 24 months (or sooner) Non-PII  data is stored in aggregate for up to three years and PII is destroyed.
The security of your information is important to us. Feathr has implemented security measures to prevent the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information that our Technology collects, but we make no assurances about our ability to prevent such loss, misuse, to you or to any third party arising out of any such loss, misuse, or alteration.
Changes To Our Policy
We may revise this policy at any time. Any changes and/or updates to the policy will be updated directly on this page. We encourage you to visit this page periodically to review our current privacy policy so that you will always know what information we gather and how we may use that information.
International Transfers
Feathr operates the Technology from servers located in the United States of America and the information it collects through Customers is processed in the United States of America. Laws governing the collection and use of data in the United States may not be equivalent to those in the country where you reside, but Feathr will at all times protect your data in accordance with this Policy.
Contacting Us
Should you have any questions in regards to this policy or Feathr’s privacy practices, please contact our representatives at the following email and they will be more than happy to clarify and assist you in any way possible:
privacy@feathr.co
, or by mail at:
feathr.co
104 N. Main Street
Suite 600
Gainesville, FL 32601
USA
privacy@feathr.co
Website
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, or other details to help you with your experience.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you subscribe to a newsletter, fill out a form, or enter information on our site.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.
To send periodic emails regarding your order or other products and services.
How do we protect visitor information?
Our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible.
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
We implement a variety of security measures when a user enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.
All credit card transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.
Do we use ‘cookies’?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We use cookies to:
Understand and save user’s preferences for future visits.
Keep track of advertisements.
Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third party services that track this information on our behalf.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser’s Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If users disable cookies, some features will be disabled. It will turn off some of the features that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly.
Intended Audience
Feathr’s products, services, and communications are intended for audiences aged 18 and over. We do not knowingly collect or target data from children under the age of 18.
Third Party Disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide you with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property, or safety.
However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Fair Information Practices
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:
We will notify the users via email within 7 business days
We will notify the users via in site notification within 7 business days
We also agree to the individual redress principle, which requires that individuals have a right to pursue legally enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or a government agency to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
feathr.co
104 N. Main Street
Suite 600
Gainesville, FL 32601
USA
privacy@feathr.co