Nice Weather 2 - Privacy Policy
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Types of Information We Collect :
We collect certain information from your mobile device, including but not limited to the following:
Location Information that allows us to periodically determine your location, including your location relative to and within third party merchant locations.
Device and Usage Information that may include
(i) information specific to your mobile device (e.g., make, model, operating system, device identifier and similar information);
(ii) information about your use of features, functions, or notifications on the device; and
(iii) signal strength relating to WiFi or Bluetooth functionality, temperature, battery level, and similar technical data. Identifiers that you use to log in to or use our service, such as your user name or Facebook ID.
We may collect this information even if you are not logged in to the application.
You should be able to adjust the settings on your iOS mobile device to prevent our collection of Location Information by disabling the location services feature on your device.
Aggregated Statistics
We may collect statistics about the behavior of users. For instance, we may monitor how many time users launch the app every day. We may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, we not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Use
How We Use the Information We Collect :
We use the information to:
Operate and improve our services;
Provide user and other support, including to our third-party business partners;
and Carry out other purposes that are disclosed to you and to which you consent.
Disclosure / Sharing
Ways We Disclose and Share the Information We Collect :
We share the information we collect with third-party business partners who commit to comply with applicable laws concerning their usage of the information.
Our third-party business partners may use the information either for themselves or on behalf of their own business partners to:
Operate and improve their services;
Provide you with advertisements and information for products and services or send you other notifications based on variables such as your location, and assess your level of engagement with them;
and Carry out other purposes that are disclosed to you and to which you consent.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, we may change this Privacy Policy from time to time, and at our sole discretion. We encourages users to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of the app after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.