Blog
|
Newsletter
|
|
Feedback
Privacy Policy
By accessing or using Qrayon iOS, Mac, and other client applications (“Apps”), websites, services, and/or other content from Qrayon, LLC ("we", and "us"), you are consenting to collection and use of your information as outlined in this Privacy Policy.
Consent and Disclosure
We do not collect personally identifiable information
(such as your name, email, phone number, or address) without your consent for the regular operation of our Apps. However, you may explicitly choose to send us your personal information (for example by contacting us via email). If you provide us with personal information, we imply that you consent to our collecting it and using it for the operation of our Apps and Services.
We may require your personal data to respond to your support requests.
	We may also provide information about our services including new features and services, special offers and updated information, but a user may choose to opt out of such communications.
We currently use third party providers for our app analytics, including those operated by
Apple
,
Google
, Yahoo, and others.
	These analytics systems collect information and statistics on the way our applications are used.
	This may include usage data such as the frequency of use, and crash reports in the event of serious errors.
	This information is routinely gathered to help us understand usage and behavior, fix technical issues, and to improve the user experience of our products.
In general, the third-party providers used by us will only collect, use and disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to us.
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide you with advance notice.
	This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website and apps, conducting our business, or servicing you.
	We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property, or safety.
Non-personally identifiable visitor information and statistics may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
External Links
When you click on links, they may direct you away from our Apps or websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy statements.
Cookies
When you visit our websites, we collect usage information sent to us by your computer, mobile, or other access device that tells us how you are using the Sites ("usage information"). We use multiple tracking technologies to collect usage information. We may use Cookies/tracking technologies required for system administration, to prevent fraudulent activity, improve security or allow you to make use of shopping cart functionality. We are not required to obtain your consent to Cookies that are strictly necessary.
We use information collected through the use of cookies/tracking technologies to evaluate our Site's effectiveness and to improve your experience when you visit it.
We use Google Analytics session cookies to provide meaningful reports about site visitors in aggregate.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on our website. We, at our sole discretion, may attempt to notify you when major changes are made to this Privacy Policy, but we recommend that you periodically review the most up-to-date version.
	Your continued use of our Apps and Services following the posting of any changes to this Privacy Policy constitutes acceptance of those changes.
Questions and Contact Information
Should you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us via
our website
.
Updated: April 6 2018.
Back to the
homepage