Our Guarantee
Gluten Free & More, Inc. guarantees all products 100% satisfaction or your money (including shipping) fully returned, without question (except to ask how we can improve ourselves to better serve you and others in the future). Call customer service at (727) 738-5735 or email Tina at
tina@glutenfreeandmore.com
.
Privacy Policy for glutenfreeandmore.com
If you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us by email at
tina@glutenfreeandmore.com
.
At glutenfreeandmore.com, the privacy of our visitors is of extreme importance to us. This privacy policy document outlines the types of personal information received and collected by glutenfreeandmore.com and how it is used.
Like many other websites, glutenfreeandmore.com makes use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider ( ISP ), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track users’ movements around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
glutenfreeandmore.com does use cookies to store information about visitors’ preferences, record user-specific information on which pages the users access or visit, customize web page content based on visitors’ browser type or other information that the visitors send via their browser.
Some of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our site. Our advertising partners include Google Adsense and Amazon.
These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to track the advertisements and links that appear on glutenfreeandmore.com sent directly to your browsers. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies ( such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons ) may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and/or to personalize the advertising content that you see.
glutenfreeandmore.com has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
Please consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. glutenfreeandmore.com’s privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or websites.
If you wish to disable cookies, you can do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers’ respective websites.
Mediavine Programmatic Advertising (Ver 1.1)
The Website works with Mediavine to manage third-party interest-based advertising appearing on the Website. Mediavine serves content and advertisements when you visit the Website, which may use first and third-party cookies. A cookie is a small text file which is sent to your computer or mobile device (referred to in this policy as a “device”) by the web server so that a website can remember some information about your browsing activity on the Website.
First party cookies are created by the website that you are visiting. A third-party cookie is frequently used in behavioral advertising and analytics and is created by a domain other than the website you are visiting. Third-party cookies, tags, pixels, beacons and other similar technologies (collectively, “Tags”) may be placed on the Website to monitor interaction with advertising content and to target and optimize advertising. Each internet browser has functionality so that you can block both first and third-party cookies and clear your browser’s cache. The “help” feature of the menu bar on most browsers will tell you how to stop accepting new cookies, how to receive notification of new cookies, how to disable existing cookies and how to clear your browser’s cache. For more information about cookies and how to disable them, you can consult the information at
All About Cookies
.
Without cookies you may not be able to take full advantage of the Website content and features. Please note that rejecting cookies does not mean that you will no longer see ads when you visit our Site. In the event you opt-out, you will still see non-personalized advertisements on the Website.
The Website collects the following data using a cookie when serving personalized ads:
IP Address
Operating System type
Operating System version
Device Type
Language of the website
Web browser type
Email (in hashed form)
Mediavine Partners (companies listed below with whom Mediavine shares data) may also use this data to link to other end user information the partner has independently collected to deliver targeted advertisements. Mediavine Partners may also separately collect data about end users from other sources, such as advertising IDs or pixels, and link that data to data collected from Mediavine publishers in order to provide interest-based advertising across your online experience, including devices, browsers and apps. This data includes usage data, cookie information, device information, information about interactions between users and advertisements and websites, geolocation data, traffic data, and information about a visitor’s referral source to a particular website. Mediavine Partners may also create unique IDs to create audience segments, which are used to provide targeted advertising.
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices to opt-in or opt-out of this data collection, please visit
National Advertising Initiative opt out page
. You may also visit
Digital Advertising Alliance website
and
Network Advertising Initiative website
to learn more information about interest-based advertising. You may download the AppChoices app at
Digital Advertising Alliance’s AppChoices app
to opt out in connection with mobile apps, or use the platform controls on your mobile device to opt out.
For specific information about Mediavine Partners, the data each collects and their data collection and privacy policies, please visit
Mediavine Partners
.