Privacy Policy - ozPDA
Oz Weather Plus App
ozPDA is a business name of
Ajnaware Pty Ltd
, which is an Australian company based in Sydney - ABN 61 129 194 672.
Oz Weather Plus is an iOS app published by ozPDA ("us", "we", or "our") via Apple's App Store (the "App").
Privacy Policy Effective Date: 1st September 2018
This document informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our App and the choices you have associated with that data.
We may use your data to provide and improve the App. By using the App, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.
Information Collection And Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our App.
Types of Data Collected (Personal Data)
Data required for provision of app features
If, as an app user, you choose to use certain advanced features of the app such as push notifications and weather alarms, then certain key information is necessarily sent to and stored on our server, which is located in Australia. However, this information is limited to what is necessary to provide the app advertised features to your device, and does not include any personally identifying information, nor any location coordinates.
Data acquired for  crash reporting service
This app uses a third party crash reporting service called
Crashlytics
.
Use of Data
ozPDA may use and store the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain the App
To provide analysis or valuable information so that we can improve the App
To monitor the usage of the App
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
Transfer Of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside Australia and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to Australia and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Ajnaware Pty Ltd will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Disclosure Of Data
Legal Requirements
ozPDA may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of ozPDA
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the App
To protect the personal safety of users of the App or the public
To protect against legal liability
Security Of Data
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our App ("Service Providers"), to provide the App on our behalf, to perform App-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our App is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By email: support@ozpda.com