Privacy Policy
SNA Consulting Pty Ltd is committed to providing quality
services to you and this policy outlines our ongoing obligations to you in
respect of how we manage your Personal Information.
Although not foreseen in the short term, our privacy policy
may change as our Apps may require more information to better serve our users.
With this, we do require users to continually check this Privacy Policy so they
can continue using our app whilst knowing what we do with your personal
information.
What is Personal Information and why do we collect it?
Personal Information is information or an
opinion that identifies an individual. Examples of
Personal Information we
collect MAY include and may not be limited to: names, addresses, email
addresses, phone, facsimile numbers and device identifiers.
This Personal Information is obtained through our Apps for
iOS or Android.
We collect your Personal Information for the primary purpose
of providing our services to you, providing information to our clients and
marketing. We may also use your Personal Information for secondary purposes
closely related to the primary purpose, in circumstances where you would
reasonably expect such use or disclosure. You may unsubscribe from our
mailing/marketing lists at any time by contacting us in writing.
When we collect Personal Information we will, where appropriate
and where possible, explain to you why we are collecting the information and
how we plan to use it.
Advertising
Our apps were integrated with third party advertising
platforms which may include Apple based advertising within the apps and Google
based advertising within our apps. We do not have control over what information
they may collect and we do not take responsibility for this. If this lack of
our control on how ads collect and use your information is not something you
can accept, then our app may not be suitable for you. We require users to check
the aforementioned group's own privacy policies and make their own research on
how Apple or Google use information they get through the advertising platforms
which we may be using.
Sensitive Information
Sensitive information is defined to include information or
opinion about such things as an individual's racial or ethnic origin, political
opinions, membership of a political association, religious or philosophical
beliefs, membership of a trade union or other professional body, criminal
record or health information.
Sensitive information will be used by us only:
• For the primary purpose for which it was
obtained
• For a secondary purpose that is directly related
to the primary purpose
• With your consent; or where required or
authorised by law.
Third Parties
Where reasonable and practicable to do so, we will collect
your Personal Information only from you. However, in some circumstances we may
be provided with information by third parties. In such a case we will take
reasonable steps to ensure that you are made aware of the information provided
to us by the third party.
We also use social media to promote our apps which may
include but not limited to Facebook, Instagram, Twitter or other social media
platforms which we mainly use to market our apps and potentially connect with
our users. We do not control information collected by social media platforms
you may visit through our apps. You will need to individually check each third
party social media policies in placed before you use links from our apps
redirecting you to facebook, instagram, twitter or other social media platforms
which we may use in the future.
Disclosure of Personal Information
Your Personal Information may be disclosed in a number of circumstances
including the following:
• Third parties where you consent to the use or
disclosure; and
• Where required or authorised by law.
Security of Personal Information
Your Personal Information is stored in a manner that
reasonably protects it from misuse and loss and from unauthorized access,
modification or disclosure. When your Personal Information is no longer needed
for the purpose for which it was obtained, we will take reasonable steps to
destroy or permanently de-identify your Personal Information. However, most of
the Personal Information is or will be stored in client files which will be
kept by us for a minimum of 7 years.
Access to your Personal Information
You may access the Personal Information we hold about you
and to update and/or correct it, subject to certain exceptions. If you wish to
access your Personal Information, please contact us in writing.
SNA Consulting Pty Ltd will not charge any fee for your access
request, but may charge an administrative fee for providing a copy of your
Personal Information.
In order to protect your Personal Information we may require
identification from you before releasing the requested information.
Maintaining the Quality of your Personal Information
It is important to us that your Personal Information is up
to date. We  will  take reasonable steps to make sure that your Personal
Information is accurate, complete and up-to-date. If you find that the
information we have is not up to date or is inaccurate, please advise us as
soon as practicable so we can update our records and ensure we can continue to
provide quality services to you.
Policy Updates
This Policy may change from time to time and is available on
our website.
Privacy Policy Complaints and Enquiries
If you have any queries or complaints about our Privacy
Policy please contact us at:
business@snaconsulting.com.au