Please note: This website includes an accessibility system. Press Control-F11 to adjust the website to people with visual disabilities who are using a screen reader; Press Control-F10 to open an accessibility menu.
Popup heading
Close
Accessibility
Press enter for Accessibility for blind people
who use screen readers
Press enter for Keyboard Navigation
Press enter for Accessibility menu
Menu
Accessibility Information
Terms and Conditions
Security & Privacy
Information Security Awareness
Security & Privacy
Purpose
The objective of the policy is to provide a guideline on the usage of DM Portal Security and Privacy to ensure protection of the confidentiality, authenticity and integrity of information.
Scope
This policy applies to DM Portal Users and involved in the Development, management and maintenance of Information Systems and Applications at DM.
DM Portal Security And Privacy Policy
Dubai Municipality(DM) is committed to protecting the rights of users of its website, and keeping information & data secure. Personal data collected by Dubai Municipality may be transferred to other government departments of the UAE, where it is necessary to meet the purpose for which the visitor has submitted the information. By submitting data through the Dubai Municipality DM Portal, the visitor is providing explicit consent to transborder transmission of data collected through the DM Portal for the fulfillment of their voluntary requests.
Data Collection & Usage
We collect only personally identifiable information that is specifically and voluntarily provided by visitors to the Dubai Municipality portal. From the normal users Dubai Municipality receives limited identifiable information, such as name, title, company address, email address, and telephone and fax numbers. Typically, identifying information is collected to:
Register for certain areas of the portal
Inquire for further information
Provide online service
Distribute requested materials or information, or
Submit resumes.
From business users apart from identifiable information, other information such as financial details, details of personnel of the company, maps or other transactional information etc. might be solicited that will assist Dubai Municipality to service the request of the business users.
It is Dubai Municipality’s policy to limit the information collected to only the minimum information required complete a visitor’s request. In any instance where non-mandatory information is sought, the DM Portal visitor will be notified of this at the point of collection. For any online services provided, we will collect order information and a customer’s credit card information, where applicable, in order to facilitate payment for the services.
Dubai Municipality’s intention is not to seek any sensitive information through the DM Portal unless legally required for recruiting purposes. If you do wish to provide sensitive information for any reason, Dubai Municipality accepts your explicit consent to use that information in the ways described in this privacy statement or as described at the point where you choose to disclose this information.
Use of Data
A user may choose to provide personal information in the following examples:
Order publications
Submit resumes or work history information
Participate in “join our mailing list” initiatives
Participate in bulletin boards, discussion or message forums
Contact us for further information
Enter Quick Surveys, Quiz’s or Benchmarking Surveys
Register for events and conferences
Register for premium online services
Register for downloading information such as demographic information, census survey result etc.
Information attained by the site is used only for the intended purpose stated at the time that the information is collected. This data is not shared with other entities for secondary or unrelated purposes, or shared with a third party, unless otherwise disclosed at the point of collection. If there is an instance where such information may be shared, the visitor will be asked for permission beforehand.
Dubai Municipality makes every practical effort to avoid excessive or irrelevant collection of data. If a visitor believes the site has collected excessive information, we encourage the visitor to contact us at eservices@dm.gov.ae to raise any concerns.
Privacy Breach
If you are suspicious your privacy is compromised, kindly follow the steps
Close all browsers or any suspicious application
Change / Reset password for your account from other system immediately
Contact Dubai Municipality support at
eservices@dm.gov.ae
or whatsapp: 800900 or call 800900
What are Cookies , IP Address
Cookies may be used on some pages of our site. “Cookies” are small text files placed on your hard drive that assist us in providing a more customized DM Portal experience. For example, a cookie can be used to store registration information in an area of the site so that a user does not need to re-enter it on subsequent visits to that area. It is Dubai Municipality’s policy to use cookies to enable you to navigate through our DM Portal easily and to facilitate efficient registration procedures.
If you are concerned about cookies, most browsers permit individuals to decline cookies. In most cases, a visitor may refuse a cookie and still fully navigate our DM Portal.
Dubai Municipality also uses 3
rd
party tools or software, such as google analytics and google maps to track statistics through cookies.
In order to improve the customer experience on  of DM Portal, we anonymously log information such as Internet Protocol (IP) your computer (which is a number that is assigned automatically to your computer at any time you browse the Internet), web browser used, operating systems, date and time of your access to our website, and pages visited.. These statistics are reported in the aggregate to our Analytics team.
Third Parties
Third Parties, in the context of this policy, are referred to any organizational entity that is involved in providing part of the services provided by Dubai Municipality, for example Private Laboratories working with Dubai Central Laboratories.
It is Dubai Municipality’s policy to only disclose information provided by the customer to third parties under the following circumstances:
as required by law through subpoena, search warrant or other legal process
when explicitly requested by a visitor
when required to deliver publications or reference materials requested by a visitor
when required to facilitate conferences or events hosted by a third party
when required to provide service to business users requiring third party involvement.
Dubai Municipality’s e-Services do not collect or compile personally identifying information for dissemination or sale to outside parties for consumer marketing purposes, or host mailings on behalf of third parties.
Third Party Links
There are several places throughout
www.dm.gov.ae
that may link to other web sites that do not operate under
www.dm.gov.ae
‘s privacy practices. When you link to other web sites, Dubai Municipality’s privacy practices no longer apply. We encourage visitors to review each site’s privacy policy before disclosing any personally identifiable information.
Data Retention
Some of the information we receive is not retained. Contact information about visitors (such as information generated though registration for access to areas on the site) will be kept as long as the information is required to completely service the contact request or until a user requests that we delete that information. Mailing list information, discussion posts and email are kept for only the period of time considered reasonable to facilitate the visitor’s requests. Resumes are disposed off, when they are either no longer under consideration, or are considered dated by our Human Resources departments.
Choices
As a policy, visitors are not required to register to gain access to areas of the Dubai Municipality portal. In certain cases, as your Dubai Municipality portal experience expands, we require visitors to register in order to obtain a user-id and password for authentication and secure access to a transaction or certain business confidential or proprietary information services on DM Portal. All the business users must use the id and password provided to avail of online services.
Personally identifiable information provided to Dubai Municipality through its DM Portal is provided voluntarily by visitors. Should visitors subsequently choose to unsubscribe from mailing lists or any registrations, we will provide instructions, on the appropriate DM Portal area or in communications to our visitors; or a visitor may contact the support of the appropriate site e.g.
eservices@dm.gov.ae
or Ph.800900 or whatsapp: 800900
Access
Each visitor has the right of access to personal data that they have submitted through the DM Portal to Dubai Municipality.
User updates of information should be handled by going back through the registration process. Inquiries about the accuracy of identifying information previously submitted to Dubai Municipality through its DM Portal, or requests to have outdated information removed, should be directed to: eservices@dm.gov.ae. Dubai Municipality is committed to providing reasonable and practical access to visitors to allow them the opportunity to identify and correct any inaccuracies. When requested and practical, Dubai Municipality will delete identifying information from current operational systems.
A number of transactional services provided by Dubai Municipality through the DM Portal can only be accessed using a user id and password. Companies wishing to use these online services must register for online access through the user management options available on the DM Portal. Each company must also appoint one of their employee as the administrator who will control access to specific services and roles for other users of that service within his company.
Once the company administrator has created a user profile for individual users, it will be the responsibility of each individual user to ensure the confidentiality of his user id and password. Passwords must also be changed on a regular basis using the features provided on the DM Portal.
Some services available to the public will also require authentication. Citizens, residents and other members of the public who wish to register on the DM Portal may do so using the features provided on the DM Portal.
When personally identifiable information or business related information is retained, Dubai Municipality assumes responsibility for keeping an accurate record of the information once a visitor has submitted and verified the data. Dubai Municipality does not assume responsibility for verifying the ongoing accuracy of the content of personal information. When practically possible, if Dubai Municipality is informed that any personal data collected through a DM Portal is no longer accurate, Dubai Municipality will make appropriate corrections based on the updated information provided by the authenticated visitor.
Security
Dubai Municipality has implemented generally accepted standards of technology and operational security in order to protect personally identifiable information from loss, misuse, alteration or destruction. All Dubai Municipality employees follow a firm wide security policy. Only authorized Dubai Municipality personnel are provided access to personally identifiable information and these employees have agreed to ensure confidentiality of this information. Dubai Municipality policy is to use secure socket layer technology for the protection of information submitted through web forms. The site is protected with multiple mechanisms, aligned with required regulatory and legal compliance.
Children
Dubai Municipality understands the importance of protecting children’s privacy especially in an online environment. The Dubai Municipality’s sites covered by this privacy statement are designed to cater for children at 15 years of age or younger.
Modifications
Dubai Municipality reserves the right to modify or amend this Statement at any time. The effective date will be displayed at the beginning of this statement. To keep visitors informed, Dubai Municipality will notify users of changes to our Privacy Statement by prominently identifying the alteration for a period of not less than two weeks on our home page at
http://www.dm.gov.ae
Copyright © 2025 Dubai Municipality, all rights reserved. This site is maintained by the Dubai Municipality.
The site is best viewed using Microsoft Edge, Mozilla Firefox, Safari and Chrome.
Page last modified:
07 March 2025