Speech Tools Limited is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. Our apps will not collect any personal data without asking for your consent first.
Personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. It does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data). This policy sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed, stored and disclosed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it. When you use Speech Tools Limited’s mobile applications you will be asked to consent to the practices described in this policy.
Speech Tools Limited processes personal data as a Data Controller, as defined in the Directive and the General Data Protection Regulation (
GDPR
). Speech Tools Limited has a Data Protection Officer (“DPO”) who is responsible for matters relating to privacy and data protection. This Data Protection Officer is Garry Brady.
1. Data We Collect About You
1.2 Data You Give Us
We collect and process personal information so we can communicate with you and provide customer support. The only personal information our Apps collect about you is your email address, which you provide when requesting customer support (via phone, email, chat or otherwise). We ask for your consent before collecting this information, and we rely on this as a legal basis for processing your information.
1.2 Data We Receive From Third Parties
We use third parties such as
Mailchimp
(for marketing automation) and
Zendesk
(for customer support) to collect email addresses on our behalf. We also use
Crashlytics
(for crash reporting) which will collect your device unique identifier. You will be asked for your consent before they collect your information. For more information on how these companies handle your personal data, please refer to their privacy policies via the links provided.
2. How We Use Your Data
We use your data to carry out our Apps and Services in the following ways:
To ensure that content from our Apps is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your device.
To respond to communications from you and to provide you with information about our Services.
We also use your data to make our Apps and Services better in the following ways:
To administer the Apps and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes.
As part of our efforts to keep the Apps safe and secure and diagnose problems with the Apps.
To notify you about changes to our Apps or Services.
We will not send you any unsolicited marketing or spam and will take all reasonable steps to ensure that we fully protect your rights and comply with our obligations under applicable data protection laws.
3. How We Secure Your Data
All of your personal information is protected and we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and management procedures to safeguard and secure the data we collect. Your information is stored on secure cloud databases, internal servers, and on third party softwares. Your information is only accessible by employees who have authorised access rights to such information.
4. How Long We Store Your Data
We only keep your personal information for as long as it’s necessary for our original legitimate purpose for collecting it (i.e. while you remain registered for our newsletters or while solving your customer support issue, as applicable) and for as long as we have your permission to keep it. You can request that we delete your personal information by emailing us at
support@speechtools.co.
5. Disclosure to Third Parties
We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We use third parties such as Mailchimp (for email address collection for marketing automation), Zendesk (for email address collection for customer support) and Crashlytics (crash reporting service). These third parties have access to data we share with their platforms.
6. Your Rights
6.1 Legitimate Bases
We will ensure that your personal data is processed lawfully, fairly, and transparently and that it will only be processed if at least one of the following bases applies:
You have given your clear consent to the processing of your personal data for a specific purpose.
Processing is necessary for our compliance with the law.
6.2 Data Subject Rights
Under the GDPR, you have the right to:
Withdraw your consent to the processing of your personal data at any time. Please note, however, that we may still be entitled to process your personal data if we have another legitimate reason for doing so (such as to comply with a legal obligation).
Be informed of what data we hold and the purpose for processing the data, as a whole or in parts.
Be forgotten and, in some circumstances, have your data erased by ourselves and our affiliates (although this is not an absolute right and there may be circumstances where you ask us to erase your personal data but we are legally entitled to retain it).
Obtain your data in a portable manner and reuse the information we hold about you.
Complain to a supervisory authority (e.g. the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) in the UK) if you think any of your rights have been infringed by us. (We would, however, appreciate the chance to address your concerns, so please contact us prior to taking this step).
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights) unless your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
You may revoke your consent for us to use your personal data as described in this Privacy Policy at any time by emailing us at
support@speechtools.co
, and we will delete your data from our systems. To enforce any of the above rights, please contact us via email at
support@speechtools.co
.
We will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach of your personal data when we are legally required to do so.
7. Changes To Our Privacy Policy
Any changes we may make to our Privacy Policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by email. You will be deemed to have accepted the terms of the updated Privacy & Cookie Policies on your first use of the Apps following the alterations. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our Privacy Policy.
8. Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this Privacy Policy are welcomed and should be addressed to our Company Address or to our email at
support@speechtools.co
.
Related articles
How do I start playback from any point in the recording?
How do I analyse my pitch and volume?
How do I export a recording to the Cloud?
Article is closed for comments.