Consent
Details
[#IABV2SETTINGS#]
About
This website uses cookies
We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services.
Consent Selection
Necessary
Preferences
Statistics
Marketing
Show details
Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies.
Cookiebot
2
Learn more about this provider
CookieConsent
Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain
1.gif
Used to count the number of sessions to the website, necessary for optimizing CMP product delivery.
Google
3
Learn more about this provider
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
test_cookie
Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies.
rc::a
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website.
rc::c
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots.
LinkedIn
2
Learn more about this provider
bcookie
Used in order to detect spam and improve the website's security.
li_gc
Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain
hopintaxi.com
1
wpEmojiSettingsSupports
This cookie is part of a bundle of cookies which serve the purpose of content delivery and presentation. The cookies keep the correct state of font, blog/picture sliders, color themes and other website settings.
Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in.
LinkedIn
1
Learn more about this provider
lidc
Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience.
hopintaxi.com
2
_icl_visitor_lang_js
Saves the user's preferred language on the website.
wpml_browser_redirect_test
Saves the user's preferred language on the website.
Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously.
We do not use cookies of this type.
Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers.
Meta Platforms, Inc.
3
Learn more about this provider
lastExternalReferrer
Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address.
lastExternalReferrerTime
Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address.
_fbp
Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers.
Google
8
Learn more about this provider
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
IDE
Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user's actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user.
pagead/1p-user-list/#
Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites.
collect
Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
_ga
Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
_ga_#
Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
_gat
Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
_gcl_au
Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services.
_gid
Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
Unclassified
1
Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies.
hopintaxi.com
1
_jwp
Pending
Cross-domain consent
[#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS_COUNT#]
[#BULK_CONSENT_TITLE#]
List of domains your consent applies to:
[#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS#]
Cookie declaration last updated on 2/18/25 by
Cookiebot
[#IABV2_TITLE#]
[#IABV2_BODY_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_LEGITIMATE_INTEREST_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PREFERENCE_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_PURPOSES#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_FEATURES#]
[#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_PARTNERS#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS#]
Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user's experience more efficient.
The law states that we can store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site. For all other types of cookies we need your permission.
This site uses different types of cookies. Some cookies are placed by third party services that appear on our pages.
You can at any time change or withdraw your consent from the Cookie Declaration on our website.
Learn more about who we are, how you can contact us and how we process personal data in our
Privacy Policy
.
Please state your consent ID and date when you contact us regarding your consent.
Do not sell or share my personal information
Deny
Allow selection
Customize
Allow all
Order taxi
Download the app
Customer
Company
Driver
HOPIN Parking
Franchise
sk
uk
cs
sl
ng
hu
×
Menu
Customer
Company
Driver
HOPIN Parking
Franchise
Order taxi
en
sk
uk
cs
sl
ng
hu
Privacy policy
INFORMATION ON THE PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATA
I.
Policy
1.1
HOPIN, s. r. o., with its registered office at Nové záhrady I 16450/13A, 821 05 Bratislava, ID No. (IČO): 45 643 423, registered in the Commercial Register of the Municipal Court of Bratislava III, Section Sro, Insert No. 66329/B (hereinafter referred to as “HOPIN”), as the operator of the HOPIN application designed for mobile devices, in particular smartphones and tablets, through which it is possible to order passenger transport, courier services, to purchase tickets for public transport of selected carriers and to purchase parking tickets (hereinafter referred to as the “Application”), is the controller of the personal data of users obtained through the Application.
1.2
As a personal data controller, HOPIN processes personal data in accordance with Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the Protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, repealing Directive 95/46/EC (hereinafter referred to as the “Regulation”) and Act No. 18/2018 Coll. on the Protection of Personal Data, as amended. In order to comply with the obligations of the controller under the Regulation, the controller has prepared, in accordance with Articles 13 and 14 of the Regulation, this information on the processing of personal data (hereinafter referred to as “Information”).
1.3
In accordance with Article 37 of the Regulation, HOPIN has appointed a data protection officer who can be contacted at lorincz@hopintaxi.com.
1.4
HOPIN processes personal data of the following categories of data subjects:
a) users of the Application who create an account (profile) in the Application or who use the Application without creating an account (profile) and wish to create orders for passenger transportation, courier services, to purchase tickets or parking tickets through the Application, including corporate customers (hereinafter referred to as “User”);
(b) addressees of parcels in relation to orders of courier services;
c) children for whom transport is ordered within the HOPIN Kids service; and
d) users of the Application who register in the Application as taxi or courier service providers (hereinafter referred to as “HOPIN Driver”).
1.5
Information on the processing of personal data when using the Electronic Wallet and purchasing tickets for public transport with selected carriers via the Application is the subject of a separate document available at https://hopintaxi.com/terms-bus-ep/.
II.
Users
2.1
HOPIN processes the following personal data when Users use the Application:
a) first and last name;
b) age;
c) e-mail address;
d) telephone number;
e) current location and chosen destination or delivery address;
f) designation (it may also be the first name and surname), address and telephone number of the addressee when ordering courier services;
g) name (without surname) and age of the child for whom the taxi service is booked through HOPIN Kids;
h) license plate number of the motor vehicle for which the User has purchased a parking ticket through the Application; and
i) name, surname, address and other data entered by the User when making a data subject request within the meaning of the Regulation.
2.1
Data subjects include:
a) Users,
b) addressees in relation to orders of courier services,
c) children for whom Users order a taxi service through HOPIN Kids.
2.3
The legal basis for the processing of personal data is:
a) performance of the contract pursuant to Article 6 (1) (b) of the Regulation, which is a contract on the transport of persons or a contract on the provision of courier services concluded between the User and the HOPIN Driver via the Application, a contract on the provision of transport on the basis of a ticket purchased via the Application concluded between the User and the carrier and a contract on the provision of parking services on the basis of a parking ticket purchased via the Application concluded between the User and the operator of the parking system,
b) legitimate interests pursuant to Article 6 (1) (f) of the Regulation, which are, in particular, to improve the service, to improve the functionality of the Application, to enable the exact location of the pick-up point to be identified, to enable the parking location to be identified and recorded, and to prevent misuse of the App or use of the App in breach of the Terms of Use,
c) the fulfilment of a legal obligation pursuant to Article 6 (1) (c) of the Regulation, which is the recording and handling of requests from data subjects within the meaning of the Regulation.
2.4
The purpose of processing Users’ personal data is registration in the Application, conclusion of contracts as defined in clause 2.3 (a) of this Article of the Information through the Application, communication of Users’ orders through the Application to HOPIN Drivers, improvement of the functions of the Application, preventing misuse of the Application or any use of the Application in violation of the Terms of Use and handling requests from data subjects in accordance with the Regulation.
2.5
Certain personal data, in particular name, email address and telephone number, are mandatory data for registration in the Application and such data, together with the current address and the destination or delivery address, need to be entered to enable the creation of orders for taxi and courier services and conclusion of contracts on the transport of persons (taxi service) and contracts on the provision of courier services. Such data therefore represents a contractual requirement and if the data is not provided it is not possible to conclude a contract on the transport of persons (taxi service) and a contract on the provision of courier services. Certain other data, such as the license plate number, may be personal data identifying a natural person, but this data must be entered in order to enable the purchase of a parking ticket through the Application in accordance with the terms and conditions set by the parking system operators, and is therefore a contractual requirement, without which a contract cannot be concluded. In the case of the personal data referred to in clause 2.1 (i) of this Article, this is a legal obligation of HOPIN as the data controller, and if HOPIN is unable to identify the data subject due to non-provision of personal data, HOPIN may refuse to act on the request of the data subject.
2.6
HOPIN does not process special categories of personal data within the meaning of Article 9 of the Regulation.
2.7
The collected personal data of Users may be subject to profiling, the purpose of which is solely to better adjust the marketing campaign and marketing offers addressed to Users.
2.8
HOPIN provides Users’ personal data to the following recipients:
a) HOPIN Drivers as passenger transport (taxi service) providers and courier service providers or HOPIN’s contractors’ drivers, if HOPIN Drivers are busy and the User agrees to have his/her order forwarded to HOPIN’s contractors via the Application,
b) the bank that provides the clearing of payments received and the payment gateway,
c) carriers and operators of parking systems,
d) professional advisers, in particular accounting and legal advisers,
e) email notification companies (Mail Chimp), and
f) cloud service providers.
2.9
HOPIN concludes with HOPIN Drivers as processors in accordance with Article 4 (8) of the Regulation a contract on the processing of personal data in accordance with Article 28 (2) of the Regulation, the subject of which is the obligation of HOPIN Drivers to ensure the protection of the processed personal data of Users.
2.10
Public authorities which may receive personal data in the context of a specific survey in accordance with EU or Member State law are not considered to be recipients and will therefore not be mentioned here as recipients.
2.11
Personal data is processed primarily in EU Member States. HOPIN does not intend to transfer personal data to a third country or international organisation. However, HOPIN may, if necessary, transfer personal data to a third country or international organisation on the basis of adequacy decisions in accordance with Article 45 of the Regulation, or upon receipt of adequate safeguards pursuant to Article 46 of the Regulation, and provided that the data subjects have enforceable rights and effective legal remedies or, in the case of exceptions under Article 49 of the Regulation. In the event of a transfer of personal data to a third country or international organisation, HOPIN is obliged to inform the data subject thereof.
2.12
Users’ personal data is stored only for as long as necessary to fulfil the purpose of personal data processing:
a) in the case of personal data processed for the purpose of registration in the Application, the personal data is stored for the period of the User’s registration in the Application and is subsequently deleted without delay unless the same personal data is processed simultaneously for another purpose;
b) in the case of personal data processed for the purpose of concluding contracts as defined in clause 2.3 (a) of this Article of the Information for the time necessary to fulfil the purpose (provision of the ordered service) and subsequently recorded in the User’s account for the duration of the User’s account, including through the User’s order and purchase history, however, the shortest period of time the personal data is recorded equals the duration of the limitation period arising from the User’s rights in connection with the ordered service; and
c) in the case of personal data processed for the purpose of processing and recording requests from data subjects to exercise their rights under the Regulation, the personal data shall be stored for a maximum period of one year from the date of processing of the request and shall be deleted thereafter.
III.
HOPIN Drivers
3.1
HOPIN processes the following personal data of HOPIN Drivers:
a) first and last name,
b) business name,
c) e-mail address,
d) vehicle details,
e) current location and activity data via the Application,
f) place of business,
g) bank account number,
h) telephone number,
i) other data resulting from the documents submitted by the HOPIN Driver for the purpose of proving authorisation to carry out business activities and to provide taxi or courier services,
j) other data provided by the HOPIN Driver at the request of the data subject within the meaning of the Regulation.
3.2
Data subjects are HOPIN Drivers, i.e. persons registered in the Application for the purpose of providing taxi or courier services who have a separate contract with HOPIN or provide taxi or courier services on the basis of an employment or business contractual relationship with the HOPIN Driver.
3.3
The legal basis for the processing of personal data is:
a) performance of the contract pursuant to Article 6 (1) (b) of the Regulation, which is an intermediation contract concluded between the HOPIN Driver and HOPIN and a contract on the transfer of persons or a contract on the provision of courier services concluded between the User and the HOPIN Driver via the Application,
b) legitimate interests pursuant to Article 6 (1) (f) of the Regulation, which are, in particular, checking the fulfilment of legal obligations by HOPIN Drivers, improving the functionality of the Application, efficient use of HOPIN Drivers according to their current location, ensuring an overview of the HOPIN Drivers’ workload and their activity and preventing misuse of the Application.
c) the fulfilment of a legal obligation pursuant to Article 6 (1) (c) of the Regulation, which is the bookkeeping and recording and handling of requests from data subjects within the meaning of the Regulation.
3.4
The purpose of processing the personal data of HOPIN Drivers is to mediate the offer of HOPIN Drivers to conclude a contract on the transport of persons (taxi services) or a contract on the provision of courier services through the Application to Users, processing payments from Users and sending them to HOPIN Drivers, ensuring the functionality and efficiency of the Application, checking the performance of the obligations of HOIPIN Drivers, recording data on the drives made, and issuing invoices for the commission and bookkeeping.
3.5
Certain personal data, in particular name and surname, e-mail address, telephone number, bank account number, vehicle data and the possibility to obtain data on the current location, need to be entered or allowed to be obtained for the performance of the mediation contract concluded with HOPIN and for the receipt of orders for taxi and courier services through the Application. Such data therefore represents a contractual requirement and if the data is not provided then the HOPIN Driver will not be allowed to register in the Application and will not be allowed to receive orders from Users. In the case of the personal data referred to in clause 3.1 (j) of this Article of the Information, this is a legal obligation of HOPIN as the data controller, and if HOPIN is unable to identify the data subject due to non-provision of personal data, HOPIN may refuse to act on the request of the data subject. In the case of business name, place of business and bank account number, these are personal data necessary for bookkeeping, i.e. also for the fulfilment of HOPIN’s legal obligation.
3.6
HOPIN does not process special categories of personal data within the meaning of Article 9 of the Regulation.
3.7
The processed personal data and other data of HOPIN Drivers, together with the evaluation of HOPIN Drivers made by Users via the Application, is subject to automated individual decision-making. Automated individual decision-making is used to selectively display User orders to individual HOPIN Drivers. The automated individual decision-making uses, in particular, data on the current location of the HOPIN Driver, the rating of the HOPIN Driver in the Application, previous orders, in particular the proportion of orders received and any cancellation of orders, vehicle type, or provision of additional services. Automated individual decision-making results in the selective display of Users’ orders to individual HOPIN Drivers and, in cases of a poor HOPIN Driver rating or a high proportion of unaccepted orders, also partial or complete restriction of order display.
3.8
HOPIN provides the personal data of HOPIN Drivers to the following recipients:
a) Users as the customers of the taxi or courier service,
b) the bank that provides the clearing of payments received and the payment gateway,
c) professional advisers, in particular accounting and legal advisers,
d) email notification companies (Mail Chimp), and
e) cloud service providers.
3.9
Public authorities which may receive personal data in the context of a specific survey in accordance with EU or Member State law are not considered to be recipients and will therefore not be mentioned here as recipients.
3.10
Personal data is processed primarily in EU Member States. HOPIN does not intend to transfer personal data to a third country or international organisation. However, HOPIN may, if necessary, transfer personal data to a third country or international organisation on the basis of adequacy decisions in accordance with Article 45 of the Regulation, or upon receipt of adequate safeguards pursuant to Article 46 of the Regulation, and provided that the data subjects have enforceable rights and effective legal remedies or in the case of exceptions under Article 49 of the Regulation. In the event of a transfer of personal data to a third country or international organisation, HOPIN is obliged to inform the data subject thereof.
3.11
HOPIN Drivers’ personal data is stored only for as long as necessary to fulfil the purpose of personal data processing:
a) in the case of personal data processed for the purpose of registration in the Application, the personal data is stored for the period of the registration in the Application and is subsequently deleted without delay unless the same personal data is processed simultaneously for another purpose,
b) in the case of personal data processed for the purpose of concluding a contract on the transport of persons (taxi service) and a contract on the provision of courier services, the personal data is stored for the period necessary to fulfil the purpose (provision of taxi or courier service) and is subsequently recorded in the HOPIN Driver Account for the duration of the HOPIN Driver Account, including through the HOPIN Driver’s order history; however, the shortest period of time the personal data is recorded equals the duration of the limitation period arising from the taxi or courier service ordered,
c) in the case of personal data necessary for bookkeeping, the personal data is recorded for the period required by generally binding legal regulations for accounting and tax documents,
d) in the case of personal data processed for the purpose of processing and recording requests from data subjects to exercise their rights under the Regulation, the personal data is stored for a maximum period of one year after the date of processing of the request and is deleted thereafter.
3.12 The EU digital COVID card is processed on the legal basis of the data subject’s consent.
IV. Other natural persons – entrepreneurs with whom the controller has concluded a contract, persons authorised to act on behalf of contractual partners and representatives (employees) of contractual partners
4.1 When processing the personal data of natural persons – entrepreneurs with whom HOPIN has concluded a contract, persons authorised to act on behalf of contractual partners and representatives (employees) of contractual partners, HOPIN processes the following personal data which it has obtained directly from the data subjects, from a publicly accessible source, which is in particular the commercial or trade register or, in the case of representatives (employees), from its contractual partner who is the employer of the data subject, namely in the following extent:
a) academic title, first name, surname,
b) the business name of a natural person – entrepreneur,
c) the place of business of a natural person – entrepreneur,
d) the employment, office or function of the representative of the contractual partner or its statutory body,
e) telephone number,
f) e-mail address,
g) signature,
h) information contained in e-mail communications for the purposes of the performance of a contract or keeping records which need to be kept by the controller based on law.
4.2 Data subjects include:
a) natural persons – entrepreneurs (except for HOPIN Drivers) with whom HOPIN has a contract,
b) persons authorised to act on behalf of contractual partners,
c) representatives (employees) of contractual partners.
4.3 The legal basis for the processing of personal data is:
a) in the case of natural persons – entrepreneurs and statutory representatives of contractual partners, performance of the contract pursuant to Article 6 (1) (b) of the Regulation, which is the relevant contract concluded between HOPIN and its contractual partner,
b) in the case of persons who are employees of a HOPIN contractor, § 78 (3) of the Act. The source of obtaining the personal data of the data subject is his or her employer who is also a contractual partner of HOPIN and who, as an employer, is entitled under the above-mentioned provision of the Act to “provide his or her personal data or disclose his or her personal data in the scope of title, first name, surname, occupational classification, job classification, functional classification, employee’s personal number or employee number, professional department, place of work, telephone number, fax number, workplace e-mail address and employer’s identification data, if this is necessary in connection with the performance of the job duties, official duties or functional duties of the data subject.”
c) the fulfilment of a legal obligation pursuant to Article 6 (1) (c) of the Regulation, which is the recording and handling of requests from data subjects within the meaning of the Regulation.
4.4 The purpose of processing personal data of natural persons – entrepreneurs with whom HOPIN has a contract, persons authorised to act on behalf of contractual partners and representatives (employees) of contractual partners is the conclusion and performance of the relevant contract between the contractual partner of HOPIN and the exercise of rights and obligations arising from such contract, execution of measures at the request of the data subject prior to the conclusion of the contract, keeping records of the representatives or employees of contractual partners for the purpose of fulfilling their work, professional and functional duties and ensuring smooth supply and customer relations and handling requests of the data subjects in accordance with the Regulation.
4.5 HOPIN does not process special categories of personal data within the meaning of Article 9 of the Regulation.
4.6 The personal data collected from natural persons – entrepreneurs with whom HOPIN has a contract, persons authorised to act on behalf of contractual partners and representatives (employees) of contractual partners are not subject to profiling or any other form of automated individual decision-making.
4.7 HOPIN may provide personal data of natural persons – entrepreneurs with whom HOPIN has a contract, persons authorised to act on behalf of contractual partners and representatives (employees) of contractual partners to the extent necessary to contractual partners in the field of processing of accounting agenda and consulting services (intermediaries) who have contractually committed themselves to take appropriate safeguards to protect the personal data processed.
4.8 Public authorities which may receive personal data in the context of a specific survey in accordance with EU or Member State law are not considered to be recipients and will therefore not be mentioned here as recipients.
4.9 Personal data is processed primarily in EU Member States. HOPIN does not intend to transfer personal data to a third country or international organisation. However, HOPIN may, if necessary, transfer personal data to a third country or international organisation on the basis of adequacy decisions in accordance with Article 45 of the Regulation, or upon receipt of adequate safeguards pursuant to Article 46 of the Regulation, and provided that the data subjects have enforceable rights and effective legal remedies or, in the case of exceptions under Article 49 of the Regulation. In the event of a transfer of personal data to a third country or international organisation, HOPIN is obliged to inform the data subject thereof.
4.10 Personal data of natural persons – entrepreneurs with whom HOPIN has a contract, persons authorised to act on behalf of contractual partners and representatives (employees) of contractual partners are stored only for the time necessary to fulfil the purpose of processing personal data:
a) Personal data is processed and stored for the duration of the contract in connection with which the data was obtained. Upon termination of the contractual relationship or obligations arising from or related to it, the personal data is stored for the period required and specified in the relevant legislation. After the end of statutory periods, the personal data is disposed of in accordance with applicable law.
b) In the case of personal data processed for the purpose of processing and recording requests from data subjects to exercise their rights under the Regulation, the personal data is stored for a maximum period of one year after the date of processing of the request and is deleted thereafter.
4.11 If you order a parking ticket in our application in the zone of the city parking system in Bratislava (PAAS), your personal data is processed by the Capital City of Bratislava as the controller for the purpose of implementation of the parking policy of the capital city. We also act as processors of the Capital City of Bratislava pursuant to Article 28 of GDPR. For more information, please see the Personal Data Processing Statement – Parking Policy.
V.
Processing of personal data for marketing purposes
5.1
HOPIN also processes Users’ personal data for marketing purposes, namely the following categories of personal data:
a) form of addressing,
b) first and last name,
c) age,
d) e-mail address.
5.2
The legal basis for the processing of personal data for marketing purposes is the consent of the data subject within the meaning of Article 6 (1) (a) of the Regulation.
5.3
Data subjects are Users of the Application who give HOPIN their consent to the processing of personal data for marketing purposes.
5.4
The purpose of the processing of personal data is to carry out HOPIN’s marketing campaigns, including the sending of e-mails, and to tailor and improve marketing campaigns for target groups.
5.5
HOPIN does not process special categories of personal data within the meaning of Article 9 of the Regulation. Users’ personal data may be subject to profiling the purpose of which is to tailor the marketing messages sent to the User. For this purpose, the User’s personal data may be considered in aggregate and the User may be placed in a marketing category on the basis of the personal data processed. The results of profiling are used exclusively for marketing purposes.
5.6
HOPIN provides Users’ personal data processed for marketing purposes to companies providing marketing services, in particular direct marketing (MailChimp, Amazon Simple Email Service).
5.7
Personal data is processed primarily in EU Member States. HOPIN does not intend to transfer personal data to a third country or international organisation. However, HOPIN may, if necessary, transfer personal data to a third country or international organisation on the basis of adequacy decisions in accordance with Article 45 of the Regulation, or upon receipt of adequate safeguards pursuant to Article 46 of the Regulation, and provided that the data subjects have enforceable rights and effective legal remedies or, in the case of exceptions under Article 49 of the Regulation. In the event of a transfer of personal data to a third country or international organisation, HOPIN is obliged to inform the data subject thereof.
5.8
Personal data is retained during the period of the User’s registration in the Application or until the User’s consent to the processing of personal data for marketing purposes is withdrawn, whichever is earlier.
5.9
The User has the right to withdraw consent to the processing of personal data for marketing purposes at any time by sending an e-mail to bratislava@hopintaxi.com. Withdrawal of consent does not affect the lawfulness of the processing of personal data prior to the withdrawal of consent.
VI.
Corporate customers
6. 1
A corporate customer is a natural person who, on the basis of an employment relationship or other similar relationship with the company (employer), orders passenger transport (taxi service) or courier services through an established corporate portal in the Application, in the name and on behalf of the company (employer) with which HOPIN has a special contract.
6.2
In the case of corporate customers, in addition to the personal data referred to in Articles II, IV and VI of this Information, data about the company (employer), work e-mail address and telephone number are also processed. Personal data is processed for the purpose of performance of the contract concluded between HOPIN and the company in the name of and on behalf of which the corporate customer creates an order (employer) as the customer of the passenger transport (taxi service) or courier services for the employee, i.e. on the legal basis pursuant to Article 6 (1) (b) of the Regulation. The subject of processing is not special categories of personal data within the meaning of Article 9 of the Regulation.
6.3
Personal data is provided to the following recipients:
a) HOPIN Drivers as passenger transport (taxi service) providers and courier service providers or HOPIN contractors’ drivers, if HOPIN Drivers are busy and the User agrees to have his/her order forwarded to HOPIN contractors via the Application,
b) professional advisers, in particular accounting and legal advisers,
c) email notification companies (Mail Chimp), and
d) cloud service providers.
6.4
Personal data is processed primarily in EU Member States. HOPIN does not intend to transfer personal data to a third country or international organisation. However, HOPIN may, if necessary, transfer personal data to a third country or international organisation on the basis of adequacy decisions in accordance with Article 45 of the Regulation, or upon receipt of adequate safeguards pursuant to Article 46 of the Regulation, and provided that the data subjects have enforceable rights and effective legal remedies or, in the case of exceptions under Article 49 of the Regulation. In the event of a transfer of personal data to a third country or international organisation, HOPIN is obliged to inform the data subject thereof.
6.5
Personal data is processed for the period of registration of the corporate customer within the established corporate portal in the Application and it is subsequently stored for no longer than during the limitation period for rights arising from the provided passenger transport services (taxi services) and courier services.
VII.
Technical data
7.1
When using the Application, HOPIN collects technical data from Users, namely:
a) type and model of mobile device,
b) unique mobile device identifier uuid,
c) IP address,
d) identification of the operating system of the mobile device,
e) type of mobile internet browser,
f) push token for sending push notifications,
g) information on how to use the Application.
7.2
The technical data collected may be considered personal data of Users. The purpose of processing technical data is to ensure the functionality of the Application, improve the functionality of the Application, check compliance with the terms of use of the Application, obtain data for further development of the Application, obtain data on the use of the Application and protect against misuse of the Application. The legal basis for processing is the legitimate interests of HOPIN in accordance with Article 6 (1) (f) of the Regulation which are to ensure the functionality of the Application, improve the functionality of the Application, check compliance with the terms of use of the Application, obtain data for further development of the Application, obtain data on the use of the Application and protect against misuse of the Application. The subject of processing is not special categories of personal data within the meaning of Article 9 of the Regulation. The technical data collected may be used for profiling, the sole purpose of which is to better tailor marketing campaigns and marketing offers to Users.
7.3
Personal data is provided to companies that provide push notifications (InfoBip, Viptel) and e-mail notifications (MailChimp, Amazon Simple Email Service).
7.4
The User is entitled to block the sending of push notifications at any time on his/her mobile device; however, the User acknowledges that some functions and notifications may be fully or partially restricted.
7.5
Personal data is processed primarily in EU Member States. HOPIN does not intend to transfer personal data to a third country or international organisation. However, HOPIN may, if necessary, transfer personal data to a third country or international organisation on the basis of adequacy decisions in accordance with Article 45 of the Regulation, or upon receipt of adequate safeguards pursuant to Article 46 of the Regulation, and provided that the data subjects have enforceable rights and effective legal remedies or, in the case of exceptions under Article 49 of the Regulation. In the event of a transfer of personal data to a third country or international organisation, HOPIN is obliged to inform the data subject thereof.
7.6
Personal data is recorded for a maximum period of two years after the date of acquisition.
VIII.
Rights of the data subject
8.1
The data subject has the following rights in relation to the processing of personal data:
a) the right of access to data pursuant to Article 15 of the Regulation – the data subject has the right to obtain confirmation from us as to whether personal data relating to the data subject are processed by us and, if so, the data subject has the right to be informed of the purpose of the processing, the categories of personal data processed, the recipients of the personal data and the duration of their retention. We are obliged to provide a copy of the personal data we process to the data subject upon request. We are entitled to charge a reasonable fee corresponding to the administrative costs for any additional copies requested by the data subject. Where a request is made by electronic means, the information shall be provided to the data subject in a commonly used electronic format, unless the data subject explicitly requests a different means of provision;
b) the right of rectification pursuant to Article 16 of the Regulation – the data subject has the right, at the request of the data subject, to have inaccurate personal data relating to the data subject rectified without undue delay. With regard to the purposes of the processing of personal data, the data subject also has the right to have incomplete personal data completed;
c) the right to erasure (“the right to be forgotten”) pursuant to Article 17 of the Regulation – the data subject has the right to erasure of personal data relating to the data subject and we are obliged to erase such personal data without delay if one of the following grounds is met:
1. the personal data is no longer necessary for the purposes for which it was processed,
2. the data subject withdraws their consent to the processing of personal data, insofar as it is the legal basis for the processing of personal data,
3. the data subject objects to the processing of personal data pursuant to Article 21 (1) of the Regulation and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for processing, or objects to the processing of personal data pursuant to Article 21 (2) of the Regulation,
4. the personal data was processed unlawfully,
5. the personal data must be erased in order to comply with a legal obligation under EU or Member State law;
d) the right to restriction of processing pursuant to Article 18 of the Regulation – the data subject has the right to have us restrict the processing of personal data if:
1. the data subject contests the accuracy of the personal data during the verification of its accuracy,
2. the personal data was processed unlawfully and, instead of erasure, the data subject requests restriction of its use,
3. we no longer need the personal data for the purposes of the processing, but the data subject needs it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims,
4. the data subject objects to the processing of personal data pursuant to Article 21 (1) of the Regulation, pending verification that the legitimate grounds on our side outweigh the legitimate grounds of the data subject;
e) the right to data portability pursuant to Article 20 of the Regulation – the data subject has the right to obtain the personal data provided to us on a legal basis pursuant to Article 6 (1) (a) or (b) of the Regulation (consent of the data subject or performance of a contract) concerning the data subject and transfer it to another controller. The data subject has the right to transfer the personal data to another controller only insofar as this is technically possible;
f) the right to object pursuant to Article 21 of the Regulation – the data subject has the right to object, on grounds relating to a particular situation, to processing of personal data carried out on a legal basis pursuant to Article 6 (1) (f) of the Regulation (legitimate interest). In the event of such objection by the data subject, we may no longer process the personal data unless we demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for its processing or for establishing, exercising or defending legal claims;
g) the right to lodge a complaint – if the data subject considers that we have breached data protection legislation, he/she may lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority, which is:
Úrad na ochranu osobných údajov
Hraničná 12
820 07 Bratislava
e-mail address: statny.dozor@pdb.gov.sk
website: http://www.dataprotection.gov.sk/
8.2
The rights of the data subject may be exercised by sending a request to bratislava@hopintaxi.com or in writing to the Company’s address: HOPIN, s. r. o., Nové záhrady I 16450/13A, 821 05 Bratislava.