Terms of Use and Privacy Policy
Help support
WolfQuest 3
development!
Follow us on social media
to see the latest news
about
WolfQuest 3
!
Other Partner Sites:
We do not collect any personal information from visitors to our Web site, except from people who:
Register for the Community Forum. During registration, we collect username, email address, password and IP address to allow usage of the forum. We also collect birthdate in order to comply with children's privacy laws such as COPPA in the United States and similar laws in other countries (see below). Users can remove birthdate information after completing registration. We do not share this information with any third party.
Sign up for our mailing list (opt-in during forum registration). We collect only an email address, which we use solely to send out occasional email updates with news about the
WolfQuest
project. Users can opt-out at any time on their User Control Panel.
Submit information via our "Contact Us" feedback form. We collect only name and email address, which we use strictly to respond to queries.
All submitted information is strictly confidential. We do not sell, publish, or otherwise distribute this information to any other organization or company. WolfQuest users or their parents/guardians have the right to review this information and may have it deleted if desired (see instructions below).
The
WolfQuest
game does not collect any information from players, except for those who create a player account in the game. For those players, we collect the following data:
Username, email address, and password, to allow  players to maintain a game account.
Game-based data (wolf names, in-game progress, achievements, messages, friends).
WolfQuest players or their parents/guardians have the right to review this information and may have it deleted if desired (see instructions below).
We do not sell, publish, or otherwise distribute this information to any other organization or company. WolfQuest users or their parents/guardians have the right to review this information and may have it deleted if desired, by contacting us at info@wolfquest.org.
WolfQuest
complies with the U.S. Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) by requiring parental consent for both forum accounts and new WQ 2.7 game accounts.
Forum:
When children under the age of 13 register for the forum (which is also a requirement for multiplayer in the old game, v2.5), we ask for the child's email solely in order to send a parental consent form, which the child's parent or guardian may complete an email to us. Upon receipt, we will review the consent form and activate the child's account. If we do not receive parental consent within 14 days, all information in the child's pending forum account  is deleted from our server.
Game Accounts (WQ 2.7):
When children under the age of 13 try to register an account in the game, we require that their parent or guardian provide verified parental consent, via a third-party service, AgeCheq, for this procedure. Please see the
AgeCheq website
for more information on this procedure.
The
WolfQuest
website and community forum uses cookies to collect analytic data about site visitation and, in the forum, to maintain users' login status. These cookies do not collect or track any personal or personally-identifying information about users. The forum uses these cookies:
Forum User ID (Numerical ID identifying the user account)./li>
Session ID: Identifies the user in tandem with user ID./li>
Session key: Used to "remember me" so user does not have to login manually each time they return to the forum.
By accessing "wolfquest.org" (hereinafter "we", "us", "our", "wolfquest.org", "http://www.wolfquest.org/bb"), you agree to be legally bound by the following terms. If you do not agree to be legally bound by all of the following terms, then please do not access and/or use "wolfquest.org". We may change these at any time and we'll do our utmost in informing you, though it would be prudent to review this regularly yourself as your continued usage of "wolfquest.org" after changes mean you agree to be legally bound by these terms as they are updated
Our forums are powered by phpBB (hereinafter "they", "them", "their", "phpBB software", "www.phpbb.com", "phpBB Group", "phpBB Teams") which is a bulletin board solution released under the "General Public License" (hereinafter "GPL") and can be downloaded from www.phpbb.com. The phpBB software only facilitates internet based discussions; the phpBB Group are not responsible for what we allow and/or disallow as permissible content and/or conduct. For further information about phpBB, please see: http://www.phpbb.com/.
You agree not to post any abusive, obscene, vulgar, slanderous, hateful, threatening, sexually-orientated or any other material that may violate any laws be it of your country, the country where "wolfquest.org" is hosted or International Law. You also agree not to post any commercial and sales-oriented content, or anything else deemed 'not allowed' in the
WolfQuest Forum Guidelines
. Doing so may lead to you being immediately and permanently banned, with notification of your Internet Service Provider if deemed required by us. The IP address of all posts are recorded to aid in enforcing these conditions. You agree that "wolfquest.org" have the right to remove, edit, move, or close any topic at any time should we see fit. As a user, you agree to any information you have entered to being stored in a database. While this information will not be disclosed to any third party without your consent, neither "wolfquest.org" nor phpBB shall be held responsible for any hacking attempt that may lead to the data being compromised.
If you would like to have your information removed from our database, please follow the detailed instructions in the WolfQuest FAQ topic about account deletions ("
How do I delete my account
")  Once your account is deleted, your information cannot be retrieved.
WolfQuest multiplayer games feature an in-game chat system that allows players to communicate with each other. By starting or joining a WolfQuest multiplayer game, you agree not to use any abusive, vulgar, sexually-oriented, or otherwise inappropriate language and behavior, or anything else deemed 'not allowed' in the
WolfQuest Multiplayer Game Rules
.  Doing so may lead to you being permanently banned, with notification of your Internet Service Provider if deemed necessary.
All chat text is filtered through a list of offensive words, WolfQuest cannot guarantee that in-game chat won't contain inappropriate content, nor can we guarantee that players will behave appropriately. By entering WolfQuest multiplayer games, you assume all risks associated with online game and chat communication with unknown players.
We encourage children under 13 to participate only in password-protected Private Games with known friends to minimize the risk of inappropriate chat content.
If you observe inappropriate chat or behavior in a multiplayer game, please help us improve WolfQuest by reporting it by following the detailed directions in the WolfQuest FAQs ("
What should I do if someone's being inappropriate?
").  All abuse reports are confidential.
For more information, please read the
WolfQuest FAQ
.
Tech Support
|
Contact Us
|
Terms of Use and Privacy Policy
|
Abuse Reports
© 2005-
2025
 		Eduweb