Privacy Policy
Our Privacy policy is simple.
We won't send anything to you unless you ask for it.
We won't give your personal information to anyone.
We simply use it to create your account.
We use First Party Cookies to enable you to login to our web site and help store your favourite settings (see below for more info on Cookies).
If you register, you will only be asked for a few personal details in order to keep you informed of your favourite teams' upcoming live matches.
COOKIES
WherestheMatch.com uses cookies. By using our website and agreeing to this policy, you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy.
About Cookies
Cookies consist of pieces of text, often including unique identifiers, that are sent by web servers to web browsers, and which may then be sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.
Cookies can be used by web servers to identify and track users as they navigate different pages on a website and to identify users returning to a website.
Cookies may be either "persistent" cookies or "session" cookies. A persistent cookie consists of a text file sent by a web server to a web browser, which will be stored by the browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date (unless deleted by the user before the expiry date). A session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.
Cookies on this website
We use both session cookies and persistent cookies on this website.
How we use cookies
We may use the information we obtain from your use of our cookies for the following purposes:
(1) to recognise your computer when you visit our website.
(2) to track you as you navigate our website.
(3) to improve the website’s usability
(4) to analyse the use of our website;
(5) to allow you to customise our website, such as by choosing Favourite teams and / or other WherestheMatch.com filters.
(6) to personalise our website for you, including targeting advertisements which may be of particular interest to you.
Third party cookies
When you use our website, you may also be sent third party cookies.
Our advertisers may send you cookies. They may use the information they obtain from your use of their cookies:
(1) to track your browser across multiple websites.
(2) to build a profile of your web surfing.
(3) to target advertisements which may be of particular interest to you.
In addition, we use Google Analytics to analyse the use of this website. Google Analytics generates statistical and other information about website use by means of cookies, which are stored on users' computers. The information generated relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of the website. Google will store this information. Google's privacy policy is available at:
http://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html
.
Our advertising services providers may send you cookies for the purpose of enabling the service of advertisements based on your previous visits to our website.
We publish Google Adsense interest-based advertisements on our website. These are tailored by Google to reflect your interests. To determine your interests, Google will track your behaviour on our website and on other websites across the web using the DART cookie. You can view, delete or add interest categories associated with your browser using Google's Ads Preference Manager, available at:
http://www.google.com/ads/preferences/
. You can opt-out of the Adsense partner network cookie at:
http://www.google.com/privacy/ads/
or using the NAI's (Network Advertising Initiative's) multi-cookie
opt-out mechanism
. However, these opt-out mechanisms use cookies, and if you clear the cookies from your browser your opt-out will not be maintained. To ensure that an opt-out is maintained in respect of a particular browser, you should use the Google browser plug-in available at:
http://www.google.com/ads/preferences/plugin
.
Blocking cookies
Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies. For example:
(1) in Internet Explorer you can refuse all cookies by clicking “Tools”, “Internet Options”, “Privacy”, and selecting “Block all cookies” using the sliding selector;
(2) in Firefox you can block all cookies by clicking “Tools”, “Options”, and un-checking “Accept cookies from sites” in the “Privacy” box.
Blocking all cookies will, however, have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites.
You can also delete cookies already stored on your computer:
(1) in Internet Explorer, you must manually delete cookie files (you can find instructions for doing so at
http://support.microsoft.com/kb/278835
);
(2) in Firefox, you can delete cookies by, first ensuring that cookies are to be deleted when you “clear private data” (this setting can be changed by clicking “Tools”, “Options” and “Settings” in the “Private Data” box) and then clicking “Clear private data” in the “Tools” menu.
Obviously, doing this may have a negative impact on the usability of many websites.
LiveRamp
When you log into our website, we may share information that we collect from you, such as your email (in hashed, pseudonymous form), IP address, or information about your browser or operating system, with our partner LiveRamp. LiveRamp uses this information to create an online identification code for the purpose of recognizing you on your device. This code does not contain any of your identifiable personal data and cannot be used to re-identify you. We place this code in our cookie and allow it to be used for online and cross-channel advertising. It may be shared with our  advertising partners and other third party advertising companies globally for the purpose of enabling interest-based content or targeted advertising throughout your online experience (e.g. web, email, connected devices, and in-app, etc). These third parties may in turn use this code to link demographic or interest-based information you have provided in your interactions with them. You have the right to express a choice regarding our sharing of this data with LiveRamp for the above purposes, of the creation of this code, or of our sharing of the code with our advertising partners.
When you use our website, we share information that we may collect from you, such as your email (in hashed, de-identified form), IP address or information about your browser or operating system, with our partner, LiveRamp Inc and its group companies (‘LiveRamp’). LiveRamp may drop a cookie on your browser or directly in our emails and match your shared information to their on- and offline marketing databases and those of its advertising partners to create a link between your browser and information in those other databases. Similarly, when you use our mobile apps, we may also share hashed and de-identified email addresses, mobile device ID, location data, and advertising identifiers with LiveRamp, which uses that information to create a link between your mobile device and its databases. This link may be shared by our partners globally for the purpose of enabling interest-based content or advertising throughout your online experience (e.g. cross device, web, email and in app etc.) by third parties unaffiliated with our website. These third parties may in turn link further demographic or interest-based information to your browser. You have the right to exercise your rights under GDPR including opting out of LiveRamp’s Cookie or Mobile Identifiers and can easily do so by clicking on this link:
https://your-rights.liveramp.uk/home
.
Lotame
With consent, we use data to:
– analyse user cohorts and behaviours across our website; we build aggregated audiences around key attributes and behaviours.
– facilitate targeted advertising on sites owned by WherestheMatch Ltd to provide relevant advertisements to you and to make effective use of advertising inventory.
We facilitate the above functions by using advertising technology providers:
LOTAME – data management platform, for the purpose of gaining audience insights and enabling consented audience data to be activated through our advertising platforms. Lotame uses cookies and other identifiers to track online behavioural, demographic and technographic data; they don’t receive information such as your name and email. Lotame can also receive anonymous data segments that FLW sends, such as user IDs associated with people who have been registered members for a certain length of time. Lotame stores data on average for 9 months, and in special cases for up to 18 months. Lotame’s privacy policy:
https://www.lotame.com/about-lotame/privacy/lotames-products-services-privacy-policy/
.
Contact us
If you have any questions about our cookies or this cookies policy, please contact us at team@wheresthematch.com
GDPR Compliance
Data Protection and Consent
At WherestheMatch, we are committed to protecting your privacy and ensuring that your personal data is handled in compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). This section explains how we collect, use, and protect your data when you use our website and mobile app, and outlines your rights regarding your personal information.
Collection and Use of Personal Data
When you use our services, we may collect personal data such as your name, email address, IP address, and information about your device. This data is used to:
Create and manage your account.
Provide you with personalized services and content.
Communicate with you about your favorite teams' upcoming live matches.
Analyze and improve our services.
User Consent
We use consent management tools on our website and mobile app to ensure that you are fully informed about the data we collect and how it is used. These tools allow you to:
Provide explicit consent for the collection and use of your personal data.
Manage your data preferences, including opting in or out of certain data collection practices.
Review and update your consent choices at any time.
Data Consent Messages
Both our website and mobile app include appropriate data consent messages that inform you about:
The types of data we collect and the purposes for which it is used.
Your rights to access, correct, delete, or restrict the processing of your personal data.
How to manage your data preferences and withdraw consent if desired.
Managing Your Consent
You can customize your data consent preferences at any time by accessing the consent management settings in your account profile on our website or within the settings menu of our mobile app. These settings allow you to:
Opt-in or opt-out of personalized advertising.
Control the use of cookies and other tracking technologies.
Specify the types of communications you wish to receive from us.
Your Rights Under GDPR
Under GDPR, you have the following rights regarding your personal data:
Right to Access:
You can request access to the personal data we hold about you.
Right to Rectification:
You can request that we correct any inaccuracies in your personal data.
Right to Erasure:
You can request that we delete your personal data.
Right to Restrict Processing:
You can request that we restrict the processing of your personal data.
Right to Data Portability:
You can request a copy of your personal data in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format.
Right to Object:
You can object to the processing of your personal data for certain purposes, such as direct marketing.
Exercising Your Rights
If you wish to exercise any of these rights, please contact us at
team@wheresthematch.com
. We will respond to your request within the time frame required by GDPR.
Data Security
We take the security of your personal data seriously and implement appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect it against unauthorized access, loss, or destruction.
Changes to This Policy
We may update this GDPR compliance section from time to time to reflect changes in our data practices or legal requirements. We will notify you of any significant changes by posting the new policy on our website and app, and by updating the date at the top of this section. If you are using the Andrioid app, you can change your GDPR consent choices in the Settings area of the  App.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about our GDPR compliance or how we handle your personal data, please contact us at
team@wheresthematch.com
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html:

Sub-policy 1
http://www.google.com/privacy/ads/:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Advertising
Advertising keeps Google and many of the websites and services you use free of charge. We work hard to make sure that ads are safe, unobtrusive, and as relevant as possible. For example, you won’t see pop-up ads on Google, and we terminate the accounts of hundreds of thousands of publishers and advertisers that violate our policies each year – including ads containing malware, ads for counterfeit goods, or ads that attempt to misuse your personal information.
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses cookies in advertising
Cookies help to make advertising more effective. Without cookies, it’s harder for an advertiser to reach its audience, or to know how many ads were shown and how many clicks they received.
Many websites, such as news sites and blogs, partner with Google to show ads to their visitors. Working with our partners, we may use cookies for a number of purposes, such as to stop you from seeing the same ad over and over again, to detect and stop click fraud, and to show ads that are likely to be more relevant (such as ads based on websites you have visited).
We store a record of the ads we serve in our logs. These
server logs
typically include your web request, IP address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser or, if you are signed-in, that may uniquely identify you. We store this data for a number of reasons, the most important of which are to improve our services and to maintain the security of our systems. We anonymize this log data by removing part of the IP address (after 9 months) and cookie information (after 18 months).
Our advertising cookies
To help our partners manage their advertising and websites, we offer many products, including AdSense, AdWords, Google Analytics, and a range of DoubleClick-branded services. When you visit a page or see an ad that uses one of these products, either on Google services or on other sites and apps, various cookies may be sent to your browser.
These may be set from a few different domains, including google.com, doubleclick.net, googlesyndication.com, or googleadservices.com, or the domain of our partners’ sites. Some of our advertising products enable our partners to use other services in conjunction with ours (like an ad measurement and reporting service), and these services may send their own cookies to your browser. These cookies will be set from their domains.
See more detail about the
types of cookies used by Google
and our partners and
how we use them
.
How you can control advertising cookies
You can use
ad settings
to manage the Google ads you see and turn off personalized ads. Even if you turn off personalized ads, you may still see ads based on factors such as your general location derived from your IP address, your browser type, and your search terms.
You can also manage many companies’ cookies used for online advertising via the consumer choice tools created under self-regulation programs in many countries, such as the US-based
aboutads.info choices
page or the EU-based
Your Online Choices
.
Finally, you can
manage cookies in your web browser
.
Other technologies used in advertising
Google’s advertising systems may use other technologies, including Flash and HTML5, for functions like display of interactive ad formats. We may use the
IP address
, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also select advertising based on information about your computer or device, such as the time and date, your device model, browser type, or sensors in your device like the accelerometer.
Location
Google’s ad products may receive or infer information about your location from a variety of sources. For example, we may use the IP address to identify your general location; we may receive precise location from your mobile device; we may infer your location from your search queries; and websites or apps that you use may send information about your location to us.  Google uses location information in our ads products to infer demographic information, to improve the relevance of the ads you see, to measure ad performance and to report aggregate statistics to advertisers.
Advertising identifiers for mobile apps
To serve ads in services where cookie technology may not be available (for example, in mobile applications), we may use technologies that perform similar functions to cookies. Sometimes Google links the identifier used for advertising on mobile applications to an advertising cookie on the same device in order to coordinate ads across your mobile apps and mobile browser. This can happen, for example, when you see an ad within an app that launches a web page in your mobile browser. This also helps us improve the reports we give to our advertisers on the effectiveness of their campaigns.
Ads you see on your device may be personalized based on its Advertising ID. On Android devices, you can:
Reset your device’s advertising ID
, which replaces the current ID with a new one. Apps can still show you personalized ads, but for a while they may not be as relevant or interesting to you.
Delete your device’s advertising ID
, which deletes the advertising ID and doesn't assign a new one. Apps can still show you ads, but they may not be as relevant or interesting to you. You won't see ads based on this advertising ID, but you may still see ads based on other factors, like the information you’ve shared with apps.
To make changes to the advertising ID on your Android device, follow the instructions below.
Android
Reset your device’s advertising ID
To reset your device’s advertising ID:
On your Android device, go to
Settings
.
Tap
Privacy
>
Ads
.
Tap
Reset advertising ID
and confirm your changes.
Delete your device’s advertising ID
To delete your device’s advertising ID:
On your Android device, go to
Settings
.
Tap
Privacy
>
Ads
.
Tap
Delete advertising ID
and confirm your changes.
Your advertising ID will be reset or deleted, but apps may have their own settings using other types of identifiers, which can also affect the types of ads you see.
On some older versions of Android
If your Android device’s version is 4.4 or older:
Open
Settings
Tap
Privacy
>
Advanced
>
Ads
Turn on
Opt out of Ads Personalization
and confirm your changes.
iOS
Devices with iOS use Apple’s Advertising Identifier. To learn more about your choices for use of this identifier, visit the
Settings
app on your device.
Connected TV/Over-the-Top
Advertising identifiers for connected TV
Connected TVs are another area where cookie technology is not available, and, instead, Google will rely on device identifiers designed for use in advertising to serve ads. Many connected TV devices support an identifier for advertising that is similar in function to mobile device identifiers. These identifiers are built to give users the option to reset them or to opt out of personalized advertising entirely.
The following “Ads” settings are available on TVs with the following consistent language:
Reset advertising ID
Delete advertising ID
Opt out of Ads Personalization (on or off)
Ads by Google (links to About Google ad personalization)
Your advertising ID (long string)
These Ads settings are available in the following paths on Google TV and Android TV respectively.
Google TV
Consistent path to Ads:
Settings
Privacy
Ads
Android TV
Ads settings show up in one of two general paths for Android TV depending on the TV manufacturer/model. In Android TV, partners have the freedom to adapt the Settings path. It’s up to the partner which path they use to best fit their custom TV experience but below are the common paths to Ad settings.
Path A:
Settings
About
Legal Information
Ads
Path B:
Settings
Devices Preferences
About
Legal Information
Ads
Non-Google Devices
Many connected TV devices support identifiers for advertising and offer ways for users to opt out of personalized advertising. A full list of those devices, and ways users can opt out, is kept updated on the Network Advertising Initiative’s website here:
https://thenai.org/opt-out/connected-tv-choices/
.
What determines the ads by Google that I see?
Many decisions are made to determine which ad you see.
Sometimes the ad you see is based on your current or past location. Your IP address is usually a good indication of your approximate location. So you might see an ad on the homepage of YouTube.com that promotes a forthcoming movie in your country, or a search for ‘pizza’ might return results for pizza places in your town.
Sometimes the ad you see is based on the context of a page. If you’re looking at a page of gardening tips, you might see ads for gardening equipment.
Sometimes you might also see an ad on the web that’s based on your app activity or activity on Google services; an in-app ad that’s based on your web activity; or an ad based on your activity on another device.
Sometimes the ad you see on a page is served by Google but selected by another company. For example, you might have registered with a newspaper website. From information you’ve given the newspaper, it can make decisions about which ads to show you, and it can use Google’s ad serving products to deliver those ads.
The ad you see on a household device, such as a connected TV (such as a Smart TV), may be related to the web or app activity from devices within the same household.
You may also see ads on Google products and services, including Search, Gmail, and YouTube, based on information, such as your email address, that you provided to advertisers and the advertisers then shared with Google.
Why am I seeing ads by Google for products I’ve viewed?
You may see ads for products you previously viewed. Let’s suppose you visit a website that sells golf clubs, but you don’t buy those clubs on your first visit. The website owner might want to encourage you to return and complete your purchase. Google offers services that let website operators target their ads to people who visited their pages.
For this to work, Google either reads a cookie that’s already in your browser or places a cookie in your browser when you visit the golfing site (assuming your browser lets this happen).
When you visit another site that works with Google, which may have nothing to do with golfing, you might see an ad for those golf clubs. That’s because your browser sends Google the same cookie. In turn, we may use that cookie to serve you an ad that could encourage you to buy those golf clubs.
Your visit to the golfing site may also be used by Google to show you personalized ads when you later search for golf clubs on Google.
We do have restrictions on this type of ad. For example, we prohibit advertisers from selecting an audience based on sensitive information, such as health information or religious beliefs.
Learn more about
Google ads
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Sub-policy 2
https://www.lotame.com/about-lotame/privacy/lotames-products-services-privacy-policy/:
X
BREAKING NEWS
Publicis Groupe Acquires Lotame
Expanded Global Identity Footprint
Read Release
X
Careers
Request a Demo
Solutions
Spherical Platform
Curation
Data Marketplace Sellers
Data Marketplace Buyers
Panorama Identity
Connected TV
Clients
Marketers & Agencies
Publishers & Media Companies
Data Sellers
Platforms
Partner Connections
Resources
Case Studies
Strategy & Education
Company Updates
Press Releases
About Lotame
About Us
Contact Us
Team
Events
Careers
Legal
Services Agreements
Policies
EU Consent & Signaling Policy
Definitions
Privacy
Privacy Principles
Data Processing Agreements
DPA – MSA
DPA – Incoming Data
DPA – Outgoing Data
DPA – Spherical Data Buyer
DPA – Panorama ID Enrollment Terms
Privacy Notices
Corporate Privacy Notice
Services Privacy Notice
Cookie Notice
Privacy Manager
Transfer Impact Assessment Info
Technical & Organizational Measures
Careers
Request a Demo
Home
»
Privacy
Privacy
At Lotame, privacy is more than a list of do’s and don’ts, or policies and processes. It is foundational to Lotame’s values of trust and integrity. It is integral to our commitment to support data-driven decision-making and delivery of personalized advertising and content without sacrificing personal privacy. On this page we provide a summary of Lotame’s privacy practices. You can learn more about our privacy practices by clicking on the links provided in this summary.
Our Commitments
Earning the trust of our Business Customers and Data Partners is the foundation of our business at Lotame. We earn this trust by being transparent in our privacy commitments and by implementing a privacy program and security controls that enables our Business Customers and Data Partners to operate with the confidence that they can meet their privacy and compliance requirements globally. Maintaining that trust involves making ongoing commitments to our Business Customers and Data Partners. These commitments include:
Writing our
Privacy Notices
and contracts in plain, straightforward language to be transparent and help individuals, our Business Customers, and our Data Partners understand our privacy practices
Following our
Privacy Principles
Designing, building, and delivering products and services that respect the privacy of individuals by following the principles of Privacy by Design and Privacy by Default
Honoring an individual’s choice regarding the processing of his/her Personal Data
Lotame’s Privacy Principles and Approach to Global Data Protection and Privacy Compliance
Global Data Protection and Privacy Laws are in a constant state of flux. Every few months, another state or country introduces new legislation or amends existing legislation and regulators issue binding opinions or guidelines related to data protection and privacy. Treating these as individual checkboxes for compliance could become an infinite list of tasks, paralyzing us from innovating privacy-preserving advertising solutions at scale. Fortunately, the vast majority of these laws to date share a foundation of common principles based on the Fair Information Practice Principles. By focusing first on Fair Information Practice Principles, which are our underlying guidelines that we follow to govern our services development, collection, use, storage, and disclosure of Personal Data, Lotame has developed its own guiding set of
Privacy Principles
and has designed and continues to develop a privacy program that can scale to meet the evolving global regulatory environment related to data protection and privacy.
Privacy by Design and by Default
Lotame is committed to the responsible use of Personal Data and other information to help businesses make better decisions regarding online advertising and delivering personalized content while respecting personal privacy. Lotame’s independence, agility, and unique capabilities have made it the leader in the field of responsible data management, identity, and addressability solutions, taking personal privacy into consideration throughout the process of designing, building, and delivering our products and services.
Privacy Choices – Lotame’s Privacy Manager
Lotame offers online tools for individuals to exercise their rights given under various Data Protection and Privacy Laws regarding their Personal Data that Lotame may have. If you are an individual, please visit Lotame’s
Privacy Manager
to exercise your rights under the Data Protection and Privacy Laws applicable to you. If you are a Business Customer or Data Partner, please contact your account representative.
Accountability
Lotame’s Information Security Management System (ISMS) is certified compliant with the ISO/IEC 27001:2013 standard. You can view Lotame’s Certificate of Registration
here
.
Lotame is certified as compliant with the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance Self-Regulatory Programme through TrustArc, an independent Certification Provider. You can view Lotame’s Letter of Attestation through TrustArc
here
.
Lotame is a member in good standing of the NAI.
Memberships