Privacy Policy And Terms Of
				Use
Updated on
				October 18, 2021
Welcome to appdater. We've
				provided this Privacy Policy to describe our collection, use and
				disclosure of information from users of our mobile application. When
				using our mobile app, you consent to the collection, disclosure and
				other uses of your information described below.  We're
				constantly improving things at appdater, and our Privacy Policy may
				be updated from time to time.
We
				will notify you of any material changes by posting the new Privacy
				Policy. You are advised to consult this policy regularly for any
				changes.
Terms
					And conditions
User
					Generated Content
: by
				posting comments on appdater, you are not allowed to harass or
				single out another person for abuse, malicious attack, or ridicule.
				We have the right to review and remove or disable access to any
				content through appdater for any reason. We assume no liability for
				anything that you or anyone else publishes through appdater.
				appdater also contains links to websites, services, content and
				advertisements that we don’t own or control. We don’t necessarily
				endorse or assume responsibility for that stuff, either.
Information
					Collection and Use
Our
				primary goals in collecting information are to provide and improve
				our Services and to enable users to enjoy and easily navigate the
				Services.
Registration
					Information
: the user
				registration thru the app is optional. If the user would like to do
				so, he can do it using facebook registration e.g. by providing his
				account credentials. The user can choose what kind of information he
				would like to share with us: friends, email etc... This information
				if provided, will be collected and stored to allow the users in case
				of any new install to retrieve his previous choices done thru the
				app easily.
Location
: The mobile application may also
				ask you to share your location. This information is important to
				allow the users of this mobile app to use the "nearest" feature of
				the app. If the location is not provided the user can miss this
				feature.
User
					IDs and Device IDs
.
When you install the
				appdater mobile application, we create a unique identification
				number associated with that installation of the app called "User ID"
				and we may collect a unique device ID associated with your
				particular device ("Device ID").  If you opt for a registration
				thru facebook, we will associate your User ID or your Device ID with
				your Registration Information.
Usage
					Information
.
When you use our Services, our
				servers will automatically record information that your device sends
				or transmits, including, but not limited to, user settings, location
				and information about your use of the Services.
Use of
					this info
:
We use Personal Information to:
				enable you to easily navigate the Services, to provide, improve and
				optimize the Services, to better understand users needs and
				interests, to customize your experience, to provide you with mobile
				updates and/or new features' announcements, and to provide you with
				further information and offers from us that we believe you may find
				interesting.
Cookies
:
We
				might use cookies to save your preferences and personalize the
				Services for you. Third-party advertisers or sources may also place
				or read cookies through the Services. You can instruct your device
				or browser, by changing its options, to stop accepting cookies or to
				prompt you before accepting a cookie. If you do not accept cookies,
				however, you may not be able to use all portions or all
				functionality of the Services.
Data Deletion
:
Users can request data deletion by sending 
				a feedback with the following message: [DATA DELETION REQUEST].
				"Send Feedback" can be accessed from the side menu on both iOS and android apps.
				All related data will be deleted.
Disclosure
					of the Information We Collect
Information
					You Share
.
While you can use appdater
				privately, we encourage you to share your interests, preferences and
				thoughts with others, and our Services are designed to enable that
				sharing.  That means that in most cases, the actions you take
				on the Services, will be viewable by other users using the social
				networking services such as facebook or twitter.
Services
					Providers
.
We might employ third
				parties to assist us in providing and improving the Services (e.g.,
				without limitation, maintenance, database management and web
				analytics companies).  If these third parties receive
				non-public, personal information about you, they will be obligated
				not to disclose or use it for any purpose other than to perform
				tasks on our behalf.
Compliance
					with Laws and Law Enforcement
.
appdater cooperates with law
				enforcement officials and private parties to enforce and comply with
				the law. We will disclose any information about you to government or
				law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole
				discretion, believe necessary or appropriate to respond to claims
				and legal process, to protect the property and rights of appdater or
				a third party, to protect the safety of the public or any person or
				to prevent or restrict what we consider to be, or to pose a risk of
				being, illegal, unethical or legally actionable activity.
Business
					Transfers
.
appdater may sell, transfer or
				otherwise share some or all of its assets, including your Personal
				Information, in connection with a merger, acquisition,
				reorganization or sale of assets or in the event of bankruptcy.
Information
					Security
appdater employs reasonable
				physical, technological and administrative security measures to
				protect the information it collects.  No method of transmission
				over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure,
				however.  Therefore, while we use commercially acceptable means
				to protect the information we collect, we cannot guarantee its
				absolute security.
Phishing
We do not and will not, at any
				time, request your credit card information, or national
				identification numbers in a non-secure or unsolicited e-mail or
				telephone communication.
Links
					to Other Sites
Our Services contains links to
				other websites and online services.  If you choose to visit a
				third party service or an advertiser by "clicking on" a third party
				link, you will be directed to that third party's website or online
				service.  The fact that we link to a website, content or
				present a banner ad or other type of advertisement is not an
				endorsement, authorization or representation of our affiliation with
				that third party, nor is it an endorsement of their privacy or
				information security policies or practices.  Other websites and
				services follow different rules regarding the use or disclosure of
				the personal information you submit to them.  We encourage you
				to read the privacy policies or statements of the other websites and
				services you use.  We do not exercise control over third party
				websites or services.
Contacting
					Us
If you have any questions
				about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at
suggestions@appdater.mobi
.