PRIVACY POLICY
UPDATED 23 MAY 2018
We are committed to protecting the privacy of all visitors to www.eateasy.ae ("EatEasily Online DMCC")
(the "Website"). Please read the following privacy policy which explains how we use and protect your
information.
The website at http://www.eateasy.ae (our "Website") and EatEasy (our "Mobile App") is owned and
operated by EatEasily Online DMCC. Our head office is at HDS Business Center, Jumeirah Lakes
Towers, Dubai, United Arab Emirates. You can contact us by email at info@eateasy.ae in relation to any
matters pertaining to this Privacy Policy.
This privacy policy applies only to the Website/App of EatEasy.ae and does not extend to the websites of
any other companies or organizations (including restaurants or other business) to which we link, and
specifically addresses our obligations in respect of applicable laws in the United Arab Emirates ("UAE").
In this Privacy Policy, references to "we", "us" or "our" means EatEasily Online DMCC. References to
"you" and "your" are to users of our Website.
By visiting and/or ordering services on this Website, you agree and where required you consent to the
collection, use and transfer of your information as set out in this policy.
1. INFORMATION THAT WE COLLECT FROM YOU
When you visit www.eateasy.ae or make an order through the website or mobile app, you may be asked
to provide information about yourself including your full name, password and contact details like phone
number, email address and delivery address - personal and business address. You may optionally
provide us with this information through any third-party sign-in services such as Facebook and Google
Plus. In such cases, we fetch and store whatever information is made available to us by you through
these sign-in services. We collect this information directly from you when you provide it to us; and/or
automatically as you navigate through our website/mobile app and this may include usage details, IP
addresses and information collected through cookies.
We may collect your geographic location (country/territory where you are living and/or working); We may
also collect information about your usage of the website and information about you from the messages
you post to the website and the e-mails or letters you send to us. We may collect other information like
your preferences like language settings, reviews, ratings, your order details, bookmarks, favorite
restaurants, credit card details your order history, your special instructions, your special request, your
searches like the terms and restaurants you have searched on the website or app.
We may collect your browsing information like how long you have used our website/app, the ads you have clicked, food
imaged you have clicked, restaurant menus you have searched. We may collection information from you
through our social media channels like Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, Google, LinkedIn, Google Plus
profile. We may collection information through emailers, newsletters, push notification, app notification,
polls. If you place online orders through our website/app, we may collect and store information about you
for future transactions, including your phone number, address, email id, billing details and card
information. This information may be shared with third-parties which assist in processing and fulfilling your
requests and your card details are stored in an encrypted format.
On placing order from any restaurant onour website/app, we may publicly display information that you have placed orders with that restaurant.
Kindly be aware that no security measures may be the ideal or adequate to prevent and we cannot
control the action of other users using our website/app. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via
the internet is not completely secure. Although we will take steps to protect your information, we cannot
guarantee the security of your data transmitted to the website/app. Any transmission is at your own risk.
Once we have received your information, we will use our security features to try to prevent unauthorized
access. Hence, we do not guarantee or provide any kind of assurance about your usage on our
website/app. We may share any kind of your information with other businesses or third parties and we
may share your information to other personnel's including our staff, restaurant partners, delivery companies, restaurant staffs, drivers and to any other parties involved in the delivery of your order, and
the analysis and support of your use of the website. We may share your information with other companies
and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk protection. If our business enters into a joint venture
with, purchases or is sold to or merged with another business entity, your information may be disclosed or
transferred to the target company, our new business partners or owners or their advisors. We may share
information with other third parties including marketing and advertising companies, our affiliates and
associates, to contact you occasionally about services that may be of interest to you. They may contact
you by telephone, SMS or by e-mail. You may let us know about your preference by sending email to
info@eateasy.ae and support@eateasy.ae
2. USE OF YOUR INFORMATION
2.1 Your information will enable us to provide you with access to the relevant parts of the Website and to
supply the services you have requested. It will also enable us to bill you and to contact you where
necessary concerning our services. We will also use and analyze the information we collect so that we
can administer, support, improve and develop our business and for any other statistical or analytical
purpose.
2.2 We may use your information to contact you for your views on our services and to notify you
occasionally about important changes or developments to the Website or our services.
2.3 You agree that we may use your information to let you know about our other products and services
that may be of interest to you including services that may be the subject of direct marketing and we may
contact you to do so by post, telephone, mobile messaging (e.g. SMS, MMS etc.) as well as by e-mail.
2.4 You agree that we may also share information with third parties (including those in the food, drink,
leisure, marketing, advertising sectors, government or any other parties) to use your information in order
to let you know about goods and services which may be of interest to you (by post, telephone, mobile
messaging (e.g. SMS, MMS etc.) and/or e-mail) and to help us analyze the information we collect so that
we can administer, support, improve and develop our business and services to you.
2.5 If you do not want us to use your data in this way or change your mind about being contacted in the
future, please let us know by sending email to info@eateasy.ae or send us your message at contact us
page.
2.6 Please note that by submitting comments and feedback regarding the Website and the services, you
consent to us to use such comments and feedback on the Website and in any marketing or advertising
materials. We will only identify you for this purpose by your first name and the region in which you reside.
3. DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
3.1 The information you provide to us will be transferred to and stored on our servers and may be
accessed by or given to our staff working outside UAE and third parties including companies within our
company (which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries) who act for
us for the purposes set out in this policy or for other purposes notified to you from time to time in this
policy. However, we will always take steps to ensure that your information is treated in accordance with
this policy.
3.2 Those third parties that process information such as process credit card payments and provide
support services for us. In addition, we may need to provide your information to any restaurants that you
have placed your order with. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or
processing. eateasy.ae will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated
securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
3.3 If you have consented we may allow carefully selected third parties, including marketing and
advertising companies, our affiliates and associates, to contact you occasionally about services that may
be of interest to you. They may contact you by telephone, SMS as well as by e-mail. If you change your
mind about being contacted by these companies in the future, please let us know by using the contact
details set out in section 8 below and/or by amending your profile accordingly.
3.4 If our business enters into a joint venture with, purchases or is sold to or merged with another
business entity, your information may be disclosed or transferred to the target company, our new
business partners or owners or their advisors.
3.5 We may use the information that you provide to us if we are under a duty to disclose or share your
information in order to comply with (and/or where we believe we are under a duty to comply with) any
legal obligation; or in order to enforce our Website Terms and any other agreement; or to protect the
rights of eateasy.ae, Restaurants tied with us. This includes exchanging information with other companies
and other organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and prevention.
3.6 We share your Personal Information with our third-party service providers based both inside and
outside of the European Economic Area ("EEA") and the United Arab Emirates ("UAE") who we engage
to provide support services in relation to our Website for the purposes of: hosting and maintaining our
Website; providing data storage; assisting us with database management, and in order to assist us with
related tasks or processes. All of our service providers are bound by written contracts to process personal
data provided to them only for the purpose of providing the specific service to us and to maintain
appropriate security measures to protect your Personal Information.
3.7 Our Website provide sharing buttons that you can click on in order to share content from our Website
on social media channels, e.g., Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, YouTube, Linkedin, Snapchat, Google Plus
etc. We do not use these buttons to share your Personal Information with social media providers. When
you click on a sharing button the relevant social media provider will gather personal Information directly
from you. Please read the privacy policy of any social media provider with which you intend to share
content before clicking on the corresponding sharing button.
4. COOKIES
Cookies are small amounts of information which we store on your computer. Unless you have told us you
object, our system will issue cookies to your computer when you use the Website (whether you are a
registered or non-registered user). Cookies make it easier for you to log on to and use the Website during
future visits. They also allow us to monitor website traffic and to personalize the content of the site for
you. You may refuse to accept cookies by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to
refuse the setting of cookies. However, if you do that, you may not be able to use some features on the
Website. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will
issue cookies when you log on to our site. Please note that our advertisers may also use cookies, over
which we have no control. Hence, you can accept or decline cookies by modifying the settings in your
browser. Please bear in mind however, that you may not be able to use all the features of our site if
cookies are disabled.
Your browser also generates other information, including which language the site is displayed in, and
your IP address. An IP address is a set of numbers which is assigned to your computer during a browsing
session whenever you log on to the Internet via your internet service provider or your network (if you
access the Internet from, for example, a computer at work). Your IP address is automatically logged by
our servers and used to collect traffic data about visitors to our websites. We do not use your IP address
to identify you personally.
EatEasy uses analytic services to understand how effective EatEasy content is, what interests its users
have, and to improve how this website works. In addition, EatEasy may use other technologies to count
visitor numbers and use cookies to track how many individual users access this website and how often
they use EatEasy. Further, EatEasily Online DMCC may modify or amend this Cookie Policy from time to
time at its discretion. EatEasy encourages you to periodically review this Cookie Policy to be informed
about how it is using cookies.
5. SECURITY AND DATA RETENTION
5.1 We take steps to protect your information from unauthorized access and against unlawful processing,
accidental loss, destruction and damage. We will keep your information for a reasonable period or as long
as required.
5.2 Where you have chosen a password which allows you to access certain parts of the Website, you are
responsible for keeping this password confidential. We advise you not to share your password with
anyone.
5.3 Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we
will take steps to protect your information, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to
the Website; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use
strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorized access.
5.4 All credit/debit cards details and personally identifiable information will NOT be stored, sold, shared, rented or leased to any third parties
5.5 https://www.eateasy.ae/  will not pass any debit/credit card details to third parties
5.6 https://www.eateasy.ae/ takes appropriate steps to ensure data privacy and security including through various hardware and software methodologies. However, (https://www.eateasy.ae/)  cannot guarantee the security of any information that is disclosed online
6. ACCESSING AND UPDATING
You have the right to see the information we hold about you ("Access Request") and to ask us to make
any changes to ensure that it is accurate and up to date. If you wish to do this, please contact us using
the contact details set out in contact us page. In the event that you make an Access Request, we reserve
the right to charge a fee of AED1000.00 to meet our costs in providing you with details of the information
we hold about you.
7. CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
The Website Policies and Terms & Conditions may be changed or updated occasionally to meet the
requirements and standards. Therefore, the customers are encouraged to frequently visit these sections
in order to be updated about the changes on the website. Modifications will be effective on the day they
are posted
8. REFUND POLICY
The food will be delivered by the restaurant and any payment you made by cash or credit card will be
refundable depending upon receiving confirmation from the restaurant.
You have the right to cancel an order within 3 minutes from placing the order on our website by calling
us or at support@eateasy.ae. While every effort is made to ensure that accurate pricing and
descriptions are maintained, we reserve the right to cancel any order that is based on inaccurate
information. An order may be subsequently cancelled by a restaurant after you have received a
confirmation that it has been sent to the restaurant. EatEasy.ae and our partner restaurants reserve the
right to cancel any order, before or after acceptance, and may not notify you immediately of any such
cancellation.
On non-availability of food or driver or delivery or delivery due to any reason and if you have placed
online order on EatEasy.ae by credit card, Eateasy.ae will refund the money within 7-14 working days.
You may cancel the refund and place another order on receiving confirmation email from EatEasy
through Easy Points.
Eateasy.ae will not be responsible for any kind of complaints received from you after delivering the food
to your address including delay, food quality, food quantity, food poisoning or any other complaints.
Refund will be done upon the confirmation from the appropriate restaurant that delivered food to you.
Refunds will be done only through either Easy Point on reversing the credit card transaction.
9. CONTACT
All comments, queries and requests relating to our use of your information are welcomed and should be
emailed to info@eateasy.ae or send us a message in the contact us page.
Office Address:
HDS Business Center
Jumeirah Lakes Towers, Dubai, UAE.
Tel:+97144206489
Fax:+97144206174
Email: info@eateasy.ae
Support Email: support@eateasy.ae
Order Food Online for
Delivery, Takeaway
Restaurants in UAE
Choose your city
English
العربية
Find restaurants nearby my location
Dubai
Abu Dhabi
Sharjah
Al Ain
Ajman
Ras Al Khaimah
Fujairah
Umm Al Quwain
اوجد المطاعم القريبة من موقعي
دبي
أبو ظبي
الشارقة
العين
عجمان
رأس الخيمة
الفجيرة‎‎
أم القيوين
Order Food Online for
Delivery, Takeaway
Restaurants in UAE
Choose your city
English
العربية
Find restaurants nearby my location
Dubai
Abu Dhabi
Sharjah
Al Ain
Ajman
Ras Al Khaimah
Fujairah
Umm Al Quwain
اوجد المطاعم القريبة من موقعي
دبي
أبو ظبي
الشارقة
العين
عجمان
رأس الخيمة
الفجيرة‎‎
أم القيوين
Select Delivery Location
Location Not found
Dubai
Please select a location to proceed.
Find restaurants nearby my location
Home
Food Delivery
Grocery Delivery
Codes (Dine in)
Pharmacies
Cake Shop
Flower Shop
Butchery Shops
Fruits & Vegetables
Gift Shops
Organic Stores
Gourmet Stores
Pet Shops
Speciality Stores
Deals & Offers
Live Chat
Move the pointer to select location
Address Title
Home
Work
Other
Other Title
*
Region
*
Street
*
Building
*
Room
*
Landmark
*
Dubai Internet City, Deira Dubai
Min Order: 50AED
Dubai Internet City, Deira Dubai
Min Order: 50AED
Dubai Internet City, Deira Dubai
Min Order: 50AED
Dubai Internet City, Deira Dubai
Min Order: 50AED
Dubai Internet City, Deira Dubai
Min Order: 50AED
APPLY
Coupon Code Invalid
Available Coupon
EASYFIRST50
APPLY
Get 50% OFF on your first order
Maximum discount will be 20 AED per order
EASYFIRST50
APPLY
Get 50% OFF on your first order
Maximum discount will be 20 AED per order
Pay Online
Add New Credit / Debit Card
Personal
6080XXXX5075
Expires: 09-22
Personal
6080XXXX5075
Expires: 09-22
Personal
6080XXXX5075
Expires: 09-22
Or Pay By
Pay Cash
Pay by Cash on Delivery
Please enter your mobile number
Invalid Number
Verification code sent to
556046799
Didn't receive the OTP?
Invalid Code
Add your new address
Home
Work
Other