HALEON Privacy Centre
Welcome. We take our responsibility for data privacy seriously. Learn more about our practices and your rights.
a
Below you can find our key privacy notices. Please change your location above if necessary and select the privacy notice most relevant to you.
I am a Healthcare Professional
I use HALEON products or services / visit HALEON websites / contact HALEON
I am applying for a job with HALEON
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.privacy.haleon.com/en-gb/privacy-principles/:
HALEON Privacy Centre
Welcome. We take our responsibility for data privacy seriously. Learn more about our practices and your rights.
a
HALEON understands that privacy is important to you and is committed to treating your personal information with care and integrity, in accordance with the Privacy Principles below.
HALEON’s Privacy Principles
Be transparent about personal information we collect
We want you to understand what information we collect, why we collect it and how we use it. We aim to explain this in clear, simple language.
Only use your personal information for specific purposes
We will only use your personal information for the specific purposes we set out in our privacy notices and will not use personal information in a manner incompatible with those purposes.
Collect only the minimum necessary personal information
We aim to collect only the minimum amount of personal information we need.
Keep your personal information accurate and up to date
If your personal information is inaccurate, we aim to correct it. If you ask us to delete it, depending on the purpose for which we have collected it, we will aim to do so.
Not retain your personal information longer than necessary
We do not want to keep your personal information longer than necessary and will aim to delete it when it is no longer required.
Guard your personal information
We aim to put in place appropriate security measures to protect your personal information.
Be accountable
We take responsibility and have processes in place that allow us to demonstrate we can abide by our Privacy Principles.