Make sure your kids brush for 2 minutes, twice a day.
En Español
facebook
twitter
instagram
Kids’ Healthy Mouths
Health
Watch & Brush!
Watch
2min2x
About Kids’ Teeth
Teeth
Helpful Resources
Links
Privacy Policy
Last Updated:  2/6/2017
Overview
The Dental Trade Alliance and the Dental Trade Alliance Foundation (collectively referred to herein as “DTA,” “we” or “us”) are committed to respecting and protecting your privacy, and we want you to understand how we may collect information about you through our websites and other online or mobile services or applications (each a “Site” and collectively “Sites”) that link to this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”), and how that information may be used, maintained and, in some cases, shared. This Privacy Policy sets forth the privacy practices and policies governing the Sites.
BY USING OR ACCESSING A SITE OR BY PROVIDING PERSONAL INFORMATION TO US ON OR THROUGH A SITE, YOU CONSENT TO THE COLLECTION, USE AND DISCLOSURE OF THAT INFORMATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND APPLICABLE LAW.
Please read our Privacy Policy to understand:
Information We Collect
Information You Provide to Us
Site Use Information
Use of Cookies
Financial Transactions
Opting Out of Communications
Disclosing Information to Third Parties
Security
Links to Other Websites
Child Privacy
Access from Outside the United States
Governing Law
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Contact
Information We Collect
The following describes the types of personal and other information we may collect about you, and how we use and maintain that information:
Information You Provide to Us
The DTA may gather and retain personally identifiable information about you, including name, email address, postal address, phone number, IP address, or other personal or background information (“Personal Information”) when you voluntarily submit it to us.  We may use any information that you provide for our general purposes, and may share it with third parties only as described in this Privacy Policy.
If you provide us with a telephone number, postal address or an email address, you expressly agree that we, or our authorized agents, can use that information to contact you about the DTA and its associated activities.
We may keep any information that you provide to us indefinitely.
Site Use Information
Our web servers may collect the IP address of visitors to our Sites. We may use this information to measure the use of our Sites, including number of visits, average time spent on a Site, pages viewed, etc., and to improve the content we offer. We may share with third parties this information or other data on an aggregated basis without the use of any information that personally identifies you.
Use of Cookies
Like most websites, we may employ “cookies” or similar technologies on certain pages of our Sites. Cookies make the use of the Sites easier by, among other things, saving your preferences. We may also use cookies to deliver content tailored to your interests. We may use information collected with cookies to statistically analyze usage of our Sites, and to improve and customize our content and other offerings. Cookies are not considered Personal Information under this Privacy Policy.
Types of cookies we may use on our Sites include:
Session cookies: These temporary cookies expire and are automatically erased whenever you close your browser window. We may use session cookies to grant our users access to content and to enable actions such as remembering form or payment information as you are in the process of entering it.
Persistent cookies: These cookies usually have an expiration date in the distant future and remain in your browser until they expire or you manually delete them. We may use persistent cookies to better understand usage patterns so we can improve a Site for our users. For example, we may use a persistent cookie to associate you with your account or to remember your choices on a Site.
Third-party cookies:  We may permit third-party service providers to place cookies through our Sites to provide us with better insights into the use of the Sites or user demographics or to provide relevant services to you. These third parties may collect information about a user’s online activities over time and across different websites when he or she uses our Sites. For example, we may use a third-party tool to analyze usage patterns of the Sites. Such a tool may generate a cookie to capture information about your use of a Site which the third-party provider uses to compile reports on website activity for us and to provide other related services. The third-party provider may use a portion of your IP address to identify its cookie. We do not control the use of third-party cookies or the resulting information and we are not responsible for any actions or policies of such third parties.
Your use of a Site will be deemed to be your consent to the placement of cookies on your computer or other devices. If you prefer not to receive cookies through a Site, you can set your browser to either reject all cookies, to allow only “trusted” websites to set them, or to accept only those cookies from those websites you are currently on. Unless you have adjusted the setting of your browser so that it will refuse cookies, our system may issue cookies when you log on to our Sites. If your browser is set to reject cookies, or if your browser notifies you that you are about to receive a cookie and you reject it, then your use of our Site may not be as efficient as it would be if the cookie were enabled, and some parts of the Site may not work at all.
We do not use technology that recognizes a “do-not-track” signal from your web browser, because we do not track users other than for aggregate statistical purposes.
Financial Transactions
When you engage in any financial transaction through a Site, you will be asked to provide certain of your financial information, such as your credit card number and billing address. Unless you register with the Site, we will only keep this information as long as necessary to complete the transaction or series of recurring transactions authorized by you.
Opting Out of Communications
If you have subscribed to or are otherwise receiving DTA news or similar information from us by email and no longer want to receive such information in the future, you may opt out of receiving these emails by clicking the "unsubscribe" link at the bottom of those emails you receive. Please allow ample time for us to process your request. If you are having difficulty unsubscribing, please contact us
here
.
Please note that even if you opt out of receiving emails, you may still receive communications related to your interaction with us (such as confirmation of a registration or form submission) or otherwise as required by law.  Also note that we may need to keep information we have collected about you for record-keeping, research and other purposes.
Disclosing Information to Third Parties
We will not share, rent, sell or otherwise disclose any Personal Information that we collect about you through our Sites, except in any of the following situations:
You request or authorize the release of your Personal Information.
We may use the Personal Information we collect from you to communicate with you about membership, registrations, events and education, and other DTA activities and to conduct research and analysis.
We may disclose Personal Information that we collect about you to our third-party contractors and payment processors who perform services for us in connection with the Sites, or to complete or confirm a transaction or series of transactions that you conduct with us. We may also disclose Personal Information to service providers or suppliers if the disclosure will enable that party to perform business, professional or technical support for us.
We may disclose Personal Information about you as part of a merger, acquisition or other sale or transfer of the assets or business of DTA. We do not guarantee that any entity receiving such information in connection with one of these transactions will comply with all terms of this Privacy Policy.
We may disclose Personal Information you have provided to comply with the law, applicable regulations, governmental and quasi-governmental requests, court orders or subpoenas, or to enforce our Terms of Use or other agreements; or to protect our rights, property or safety or the rights, property or safety of our users or others. We reserve the right to release information that we collect to law enforcement or other government officials, as we, in our sole and absolute discretion, deem necessary or appropriate.
We may also share aggregated or anonymous information that cannot identify you with third parties. For example, we may disclose the number of visitors to a Site or the number of people who have downloaded a particular document.
Security
Where Personal Information is requested, we use technology designed to encrypt the information that you input before it is sent to us. In addition, we take steps to protect the user data we collect against unauthorized access. However, you should keep in mind that the Sites are run on software, hardware, and networks, any component of which may, from time to time, require maintenance or experience problems or breaches of security beyond our control. While we take steps to protect your Personal Information and keep it secure, you also play a role in protecting your information. You must maintain the security of your online transactions by not sharing your passwords and account information with any unauthorized parties. Please also be aware that despite our best intentions and the guidelines outlined in this Privacy Policy, no data transmission over the Internet or encryption method can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. We cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us or from our Sites, and therefore you use our Sites at your own risk.
Links to Other Websites
Our Sites may contain links to other websites, however this Privacy Policy only addresses the use and disclosure of your information collected through our Sites, if any. If you choose to visit an external website linked from a Site, you will leave our Site. While we try to link only to websites that share our standards and respect for privacy, we are not responsible for the privacy practices of any third parties or the content of linked websites. We encourage you to read the applicable privacy policies and terms and conditions of such parties or websites.
Child Privacy
If you are under the age of 13, please do not use or access the Sites.  It is not our intention to collect or use Personal Information from anyone under 13 years of age, and we will not knowingly do so. If we are made aware that we have collected any Personal Information from children under the age of 13, and are asked to delete such information from our databases, we will promptly do so.
Access from Outside the United States
If you access a Site from outside of the United States, information that we collect about you will be transferred to servers inside the United States and maintained indefinitely, which may involve the transfer of information out of your country of origin. By allowing us to collect information about you, you consent to such transfer and processing of your data.
Governing Law
By choosing to visit our Sites or provide information to us, you agree that any dispute over privacy or the terms contained in this Privacy Policy will be governed by the law of the District of Columbia. You also agree to abide by any limitation on damages contained in our
Terms of Use
, or other agreements that we have with you.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may occasionally amend this Privacy Policy to reflect our activities and user feedback and we reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy at any time. The use of your information is subject to the Privacy Policy and
Terms of Use
in effect at the time of use. The provisions contained in this Privacy Policy supersede all previous notices or policies regarding our privacy practices with respect to the Sites. Please check the “Last Updated” legend at the top of this page to see when this Privacy Policy was last revised. We encourage you to check frequently to see the current Privacy Policy to be informed of how we are committed to protecting your information and providing you with improved content on our Sites in order to enhance your experience.
Contact
If you have any questions or comments regarding our Privacy Policy or our Sites, please contact us
here
.
The Toothsavers
APP!
Make Brushing Fun
Keep track of your child’s brushing routine. Give rewards for jobs well done!
Download The Brush Checklist