LAZYLAND
	LTD
PRIVACY POLICY
POLICY ON DATA PROTECTION AND CONFIDENTIALITY
LAZYLAND LTD (hereinafter
the Company) is committed according to the law on the protection of
personal data under the Law of Cyprus and European Law, the
international treaties and agreements signed by Cyprus, to take all
necessary measures for the protection of the subscribers’ personal
data and the respect of their private life. This document aims to
inform Company’s subscribers about their rights and about the
Company’s data protection policy in connection with any Company’s
games or applications (hereinafter “Services”). Please note that
the scope of this Privacy Policy is limited only to information
collected by the Company through your use of the Services. By using
the Services, you agree to the collection and use of your personal
information as outlined in this Privacy Policy.
Company may amend the
Privacy Policy from time to time and encourages the subscribers to
consult the Privacy Policy regularly for changes.
WHICH INFORMATION IS PERSONAL DATA
Personal Data is any
information relating to a live identified natural person or an
identifiable natural person who can be identified, directly or
indirectly, in particular by reference to an identification number or
to one or more factors specific to his identity.
When you browse the
Company’s Services, the Company may collect information regarding
the domain and host from which you access the Internet, the Internet
Protocol addresses of the computer or Internet Service Provider you
are using, and anonymous site statistical data. This information is
collected for the purpose of assessing the effectiveness of the
company’s Service and for security reasons.
We also gather store and
process information in order to be able to provide you with better
services and customized information and communication. For this
purpose, we use so-called cookies in several places. The cookies
serve to make our service more user-friendly, effective and secure.
Cookies are small text files that are filed on your computer and that
your browser stores. We use persistent cookies to determine whether
there has been communication in the past between your computer and
us. Persistent cookies stay on your hard disk until they are deleted
or expire automatically. Most browsers automatically accept cookies.
You can prevent cookies from being stored on your hard disk by
changing your browser settings to “do not allow cookies”. For
detailed instructions on how to do this, please consult your browser
manual. You may delete cookies that are stored on your hard disk at
any time.
Disallowing cookies can
negatively affect the performance of features provided by this online
service. We therefore recommend allowing cookies. This Service uses
Google Inc. technology to collect and store in anonymous form
information on the surfing behavior of visitors to this site for
marketing purposes. The data stored in cookies is analyzed using an
algorithm so that product recommendations in the form of web banners
and advertising can be displayed on third party Services.
Please note that in
addition to the information collected as described above, you may
choose to share additional about yourself throughout the Services,
such as on message boards and in games and in that case you have no
expectations of privacy. Any actions you perform with other players
are considered public, and are in your sole discretion.
You should be aware that any
personally identifiable information you submit in the course of these
public activities can be read, collected, or used by other users of
these forums, and could be used in order to be sent unsolicited
messages. The Company is not responsible for the personally
identifiable information you choose to make public in any of these
forums.
If you post a video, image
or photo through a Service for public view, you should be aware that
these may be viewed, collected, copied and/or used by other users
without his consent. The Company is not responsible for the videos,
images or photos that Subscribers choose to post through a Service.
Please see Company’s Terms of Service at
http://www.Lazyland.com/app_terms.html
or the Application End User License Agreement at
http://Lazyland.com/terms-of-service.html  (as applicable) on this
point and for other guidelines about posting content through any
Service.
WHAT DATA WE ARE PROCESSING AND WHY
LAZYLAND collects information about its users for the purpose of providing and enhancing the Services and making it easy for users to navigate and enjoy the Services. We collect this information directly when you provide us with personal information. In addition, when you play any LAZYLAND game, we may collect and record information that you voluntarily provide to us through services such as www.facebook.com ("Facebook") in accordance with Facebook's policies and terms. The type of personal information collected under these activities may vary from activity to activity. This "personal information" is defined as information about you that can be used to contact or identify you. Personal information may include: (1) your name, (2) Facebook user identification number, (3) or email address, (4) your profile picture. (5) a list of friends who play the game. In addition, we may obtain information from you through (1) your visits to and participation in message boards on the Services (2) your emails to our customer support with questions or (3) your purchases of any type of virtual product. LAZYLAND may also invite you to share non-personal information about yourself, which may include, but is not limited to: (1) your age or date of birth; (2) your gender; (3) information about hardware you may own; and (4) your favorite websites, friend information and fan pages (collectively, "Non-Personal Information"). If Non-Personal Information is collected for activities that also require Personal Information, LAZYLAND may combine your Non-Personal Information with your Personal Information in an attempt to provide you with a better user experience, to improve the quality and value of our games, and to analyze how our games are used. Games will also record game information such as your high scores or the duration of your game session.
In addition to the information collected as described above, you may also choose to share other information about yourself throughout the service, for example in-game or on message boards. Any actions you perform with other players are considered public and are at your discretion.
If you make an in-app purchase, we do not collect or process any information related to your payment method, such as credit card or bank card numbers.
When you access the Services, we may collect aggregate information including, but not limited to, Internet Protocol addresses, browser type, browser language, referring/exit pages and URLs, platform type, number of clicks, domain name, login pages, pages viewed and the order of those pages, time spent on a particular page, and the date and time of this activity. We use this information to better tailor our services to your interests, to provide you with more effective customer support and to enhance our services in general.
In all cases of data access and collection, the information you provide will not be disclosed, rented, leased, loaned, sold or otherwise voluntarily distributed to unaffiliated third parties and will only be used to provide and improve the service to you.
LINKS
The
Services may contain links to other websites or applications. The
fact that the Services links to a website or application or presents
a banner ad or other type of advertisement does not mean that the
Company endorses or authorizes that third party, nor is it a
representation of any affiliation with that third party. If you click
on a link to a third party site or application, including on an
advertisement, you will leave Company’s site and you visit the site
or application linked to. These third party websites and applications
may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, and may
collect data or solicit personal information from you. Other sites
and applications follow different rules regarding the use or
disclosure of the personal information you submit to them. Because
the Company cannot control the activities of third parties, it cannot
accept responsibility for any use of your personal information by
such third parties, and it cannot guarantee that they will adhere to
the same privacy and security practices as the Company. Any
subscriber therefore is encouraged to read the privacy policies or
statements of other websites and applications he visits before
providing any personal information.
HOW WE PROTECT AND STORE INFORMATION
We store and process your
information on our servers, and we protect it by maintaining
physical, electronic and procedural safeguards in compliance with the
applicable law. We use computer safeguards such as firewalls and data
encryption, we enforce physical access controls to our buildings and
files, and we authorize access to information only for those
employees who require it to fulfill their job responsibilities. The
Company shall inform its subscribers in the case that their personal
data is legally transferred to third parties.
The subscribers are obliged
to protect all the confidential data that are granted to them. Access
codes and secret codes are strictly personal and the Company shall
not be responsible in case of loss or theft. In case of loss or theft
of the above codes, the subscribers are obliged to inform the Company
as soon as possible.
ACCESS THROUGH SOCIAL NETWORK SERVICES
When
you access the Services through a social network or other third
party’s  platform or service or by connecting to such a third party
network, you are authorizing the Company to collect, store and use in
accordance with this Privacy Policy any and all information that they
agreed the social network or other third party platform could provide
to the Company through the social network/ third party’s platform 
based on your  settings on the third party’s social network/ third
party’s platform. Your agreement takes place when you connect with
the third party’s network or platform via the Services, or when you
 connect with the Services or “accept” or “allow” Services to
access his information through a social network or third party’s
platform or service.
The
Company may also collect or receive information about you from other
Services users who choose to upload their mail contacts. This
information will be stored by the Company and used primarily to help
the connection between friends.
HOW WE SHARE INFORMATION WITH OTHER PARTIES
We may share information
with:
Law enforcement, Financial
Supervision Authorities, government officials, or other third parties
when we are compelled to do so by a subpoena, court order or similar
legal procedures
We need to do so to comply
with law
We believe in good faith
that the disclosure of personal information is necessary to prevent
physical harm or financial loss, to report suspected illegal
activity, or for investigations.
The Company will not sell or
rent any of your information to third parties for their marketing
purposes and only shares your personal information with third parties
as described in this policy.
CHANGING OR DELETING PERSONAL DATA
In all cases of data access
and collection, the information the subscribers provide will not be
disclosed, rented, loaned, leased, sold or otherwise voluntarily
distributed to an unaffiliated third parties and will be used solely
for the purpose of providing you with Services. If any Subscriber
wish to cancel his account or request the Company no longer use his
information should contact the Company at the mail address provided
in the address below (“contact us”).
The right to request the deletion of your personal information
You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information, subject to exceptions set forth by the law (such as, including but not limited to, where the information is used to identify and repair errors on this Application, to detect security incidents and protect against fraudulent or illegal activities, to exercise certain rights etc.).
			If no legal exception applies, as a result of exercising your right, we will delete your personal information and direct any of our service providers to do so.
How to exercise your rights
To exercise the rights described above, you need to submit your verifiable request to us by contacting us via e-mail to support@lazyland.net.
			For us to respond to your request, it’s necessary that we know who you are. Therefore, you can only exercise the above rights by making a verifiable request which must:
			·       provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative; The information that we need to know are: (i) the name of the game you are playing, (ii) your username, (iii) your User ID (you can find it in the field “Settings” of the Game and (iv) your registered email for the game (if any).
			·       describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
			We will not respond to any request if we are unable to verify your identity and therefore confirm the personal information in our possession actually relates to you.
			If you are an adult, you can make a verifiable request on behalf of a minor under your parental authority.
			You can submit a maximum number of 2 requests over a period of 12 months.
USER RIGHTS
Right to object
The user has the right to object at any time to data processing based on Art. 6 (1) (e) or (f) GDPR for reasons arising from his particular situation, unless LazyLand can prove compelling reasons worthy of protection, which outweigh the interests of the user, or the processing serves to assert, exercise or defend legal claims. The user can object to data processing for the purpose of direct advertising at any time without special reasons being required.
Right to information
The user has the right to obtain free of charge from LazyLand the personal data stored by LazyLand concerning him or her, the processing purposes, their origin, which transfer to which recipients or categories of recipients took place, the storage period and the rights of the data subjects available to him or her.
Right to correction, deletion and/or restriction of data processing
Furthermore, the user has the right to request at any time the correction of incorrect data, the deletion and/or restriction of the processing of personal data stored about him or her, insofar as there is no legal obligation for LazyLand to keep records or other reasons in the sense of Art. 17 (3) GDPR which prevent deletion. Insofar as this includes personal data that is necessary for the provision of services to the user, the deletion or restriction of the processing of this data can only take place when the user no longer uses LazyLand's services.
Right to data portability
If the user provides data relating to him or her and LazyLand processes such data on the basis of the user's consent or in order to fulfill the contract, the user may request that he/she receives such data in a structured, current and machine-readable format from LazyLand or that LazyLand transmits such data to another controller, insofar as this is technically possible (so-called right to data portability).
Right to revoke consent
Any consent given by the user to the use of personal data can be freely revoked by the user at any time with effect for the future.
POLICY REGARDING PERSONS UNDER 18
The Services are intended
for use by those 18 or older for amusement purposes only. Without
derogating from the foregoing, the Company does not knowingly collect
personal information from people under the age of 13. If the Company
learns that a person under the age of 13 has provided it with
personal information, the Company will take steps to delete such
information as soon as possible.
CONTACT US
The Company’s subscribers
have the right to be informed in writing about the purposes of
processing of their personal data, by applying to the following
address:
info@lazyland.com
.
©
2025
LAZYLAND LTD