Home
>
News
Privacy policy
Monday 14 February 2022
Introduction
Bus Checker is a brand owned and operated by UrbanThings Limited, a registered company in the UK, company number 04543413. This privacy policy explains how we use any personal information we collect about you when you use our products and services.
What information do we collect about you?
We collect information about you when you register for an account using one of our apps, or an app that we operate on behalf of a third party.
Name and contact details
For registered accounts, we collect your email address and, if you provide them to us, your name and mobile phone number.
Boarding locations
When you board or leave a vehicle, we may also capture the time of boarding and your approximate location.    This will, of course, be the same as the location of the vehicle that you are boarding at the time – we never collect your private location when you are not traveling with us.
Website visit metrics
When you use our website, we may create a cookie. Cookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard internet log information and visitor behaviour information.  This information is used to track visitor use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity.
How do we keep your information secure?
We use a range of technical and organisational security measures to ensure that your data is stored and transmitted securely. These include:
Prevention of unauthorised access to data via password protection and other means
Protection of personal data using pseudonymisation where it is practical to do so
Securing the transfer and storage of data
Having in place methods for detecting and dealing with breaches of security
Having a secure method of disposal of unwanted Personal Data
How will we use the information about you?
Ticketing and right to travel
We collect information about you for the purpose of processing your orders and delivering them to your mobile device.  This is a legitimate interest so that we can perform the tasks that you would reasonably expect from us to help you to purchase tickets and travel around. In some cases, we use the final part of your email address (the part after the ‘@’ symbol) to verify that you are a member of a company or organisation.  We do this in cases where usage of an app, or a particular ticket, is restricted.  For example, we could do this to offer discounted tickets to persons with a hospital (NHS) email address.
Service Enhancements
We collect information about your boarding and alighting vehicles to help provide transport operators with anonymised statistics about how passengers are using their network, so they can improve their service to you.  In the future, we may do this so that we can charge you for your travel based on the distance travelled.
Discounted travel and Marketing Communications
Subject to your consent, we also collect information to enable us to contact you about additional products and offers such as cheaper transport tickets.
How can I Opt Out?
Opting out of boarding location sharing
You may opt out of sharing your location with us by denying permission to use your location when asked to do so within the app.
Opting out of alighting location sharing
You may opt out of sharing the fact that you have left a vehicle in the following ways:  (i) you may disable this feature in the ‘My Account’ page of the app.  (ii) You may deny permission to use Bluetooth when asked to do so within the app (Android only).   (iii) You can temporarily opt out by disabling Bluetooth on your device.
Opting out of marketing
You have a right to stop us at any time from contacting you for marketing purposes. If you no longer wish to be contacted for marketing purposes, please visit your marketing preferences page on our website or App to opt out.
Who we share this data with
We can share this personal data with the following third parties, all of whom will endeavour to abide by the principles of this privacy policy:
Transport companies, for the purposes of relaying your feedback, and providing you with customer service communications. For example, if you contact us to request a refund, we may forward this request to the transport company who carried you.
Our authorised payment processing companies, for the purposes of verifying your identity so that we can take payment for your orders.   These may include Stripe Inc, Braintreeand PayPal.
We will also send your personal data to our web hosting company, Amazon Web Services Inc for the purposes of processing the data and storing it securely.
How long will we store your data for?
We will store your account data for as long as you continue to hold your account.  If an account has been dormant for more than two years we may also review this account and decide to close it on your behalf.  If an account is closed, either by you or by us,  any of your personally identifiable information will be removed within six months of the date of closure
How to access, amend, or delete your information
You have the right to obtain a copy of the information that we hold about you.   If you would like to do this, please email us using the address below in the ‘Contact Us’ section. We want to make sure that your personal information is accurate and up to date.  You may ask us to correct information you think is inaccurate, or use our apps or website to correct this information yourself. If you would like to do this, please email us using the address below in the ‘Contact Us’ section. You have the right to request erasure (deletion) of your personal data. If you would like to do this, please email us using the address below in the ‘Contact Us’ section. If you have a complaint about the way in which we have stored or processed your personal data, we would encourage you to contact us in the first instance so that we can work with you to resolve this.  You also have the right to contact the
Information Commissioner’s Office
.
Changes to our privacy policy
We keep our privacy policy under regular review and we will place any updates on this web page.  This privacy policy was last updated on 16th August 2021.
How to contact us
Please contact us if you have a question about our privacy policy or information we hold about you:
Via your App
While using our App, tap on the 'Help and Support' button to visit our help pages. Tap on the 'contact us' link to get in touch.
By email
Send an email to privacy at urbanthings dot co
By post
Or write to us at:  UrbanHub PRQ, 17 Wrotham Road, London, EN5 4LE