PALEO PLATE
Delicious Paleo Recipes
Paleolithic diet recipes
Tons of recipes in each category: pork, beef, poultry, seafood, breakfast, side dishes, and the
						highly coveted paleo dessert! Our app is highly visual, and designed in the beautiful
						minimalistic style of iOS 7 and beyond. Our goal was to offer a wide variety of recipes and a
						highly usable and visually appealing application, and we have delivered.
Simple, easy delicious
Going back to a time before processed food can be difficult, so we’ve created a compilation
						of delicious recipes. Over 150 (and growing) Paleolithic diet recipes including paleo desserts
						and all types of meat / seafood / veggies.
Highly visual, designed
for iOS7
Our app is highly visual, and designed in the beautiful minimalistic style of iOS 7 and beyond.
						Our goal was to offer a wide variety of recipes and a highly usable and visually appealing
						application, and we have delivered.
Browse beautiful pictures of delicious food and make the dish yourself using our recipe
						instructions on either iPhone or iPad.
Features
Over 150 (and growing) Paleolithic diet recipes including paleo desserts and all types of meat /
						seafood / veggies.
Beautiful views of recipes on both iPad and iPhone, a very photo-centric approach.
Well designed ingredient and instruction pages on both iPhone and iPad to make the best use of
						screen space.
Share your delicious creations on Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, email or text.
Save your favourite refers to refer to later.
Paleo Plate Gallery
×
×
×
×
×
×
App store reviews
Paleo Plate has been received with enthusiasm amongst the Paleo and Clean eating community. We
						are constantly updating the app and adding new features and functionality to provide our Paleo
						users with the most delicious recipes. Check out our itunes app reviews below.
Cavemen eat here!,Me hungry. Me find good menu. Me eat!
Igor
Great,Love the look of this app! And it's very useful for people who are new to Paleo.
Sarah
Great App - would strongly recommend!!!!,"If you are interested in feeding yourself and
							your family well
Colleen