YANKEE PUBLISHING WEBSITE PRIVACY POLICY
Effective Date:
June 1, 2023
Yankee Publishing, Inc. and our affiliates and subsidiaries (
“Yankee Publishing,” “we,” “us,”
and
“our”
) recognize the importance of protecting the privacy of our online visitors. The following privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) is the way we handle information learned about you from your visits to our website available at
https://ypi.com/
as well as any other websites and online services that are operated and controlled by us from which you are accessing this Privacy Policy, including but not limited to
https://www.almanac.com/
,
https://familytreemagazine.com/
,
https://newengland.com/
and
https://yankeecustommarketing.com/
(collectively, the “Site”)
PLEASE REVIEW THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY.
When you submit information to or through the Site or by using the Site, you accept the terms of this Privacy Policy and our
Terms of Use
and consent to our collection, use, disclosure and retention of your information as described in this Privacy Policy.
1. Personal Information
As you use our Site, Yankee Publishing collects personally identifiable information from you, which may include:
Name
Address
Email address
Phone number
Date of birth, including age
Gender
Details of your specific orders and transactions with us, including the products you’ve purchased and your shopping/consuming histories or tendencies
Payment information.
This information is collected and stored electronically when you register an account with us, place an order through the Site, complete a survey or contact us.
Where permitted by applicable law, we may combine your personal information with other non-personally identifiable information we have collected from you.  We may also combine your personal information with information we receive about you from other sources, such as publicly available information sources and our service providers. We treat the combined information as personal information.
2. Information Collected Automatically
In addition, information about your computer hardware and software is automatically collected by Yankee Publishing when you use the Site. This information may include:
Type of operating system
Type of browser
Language preference
Access times and dates
Internet service provider
Wi-Fi usage
The actions you take on the Site and how you navigate the site
Default search preference
Device ID
Referring website addresses
Search queries
IP address (from which we may also infer geographic location)
MAC address
Browsing history
Other technical unique identifier and other technical information such as protocol status and substatus, bytes sent and received, and server information.
We may also collect information regarding customer traffic patterns and Site usage. This information is used by us for our business purposes, including for the operation and improvement of the Site, for technical troubleshooting, to maintain quality of the Site and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Site. We may also receive similar data from our business partners, including online advertising networks, and from social media platforms, such as Facebook, Instagram and Pintrest, subject to your registration and privacy settings with such third-party social media platforms.
3. Cookies and Other Information Collection Tools
Information we collect automatically is collected through the use of “cookies” and other data collection tools, such as pixels and web beacons.
What are cookies?
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website or use an online service. When you visit the website or use the service again, the cookie allows that website or online service to recognize your browser or device. Cookies may store unique identifiers, user preferences and other information.
Duration of Cookies.
We may use “session cookies” or “persistent cookies.” Session cookies are temporary and expire once you close your browser or once your session ends. Persistent cookies remain on your device for much longer or until you or your browser erase them. Persistent cookies have varying durations that are dependent on their expiration date.
Why do we use them?
Cookies help us improve the Site by providing us with information about which parts of the Site are most popular, enabling us to analyze technical and navigational information about the Site, and helping us to detect and prevent fraud. We also use cookies and other data collection tools (such as web beacons and pixels) to help improve your experience with the Site. For example, we use Google Analytics to help analyze how users use the Site. These tools use cookies to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behavior information in an anonymous form. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the Site (including IP address) is transmitted to our data collection tool service providers. This information is then used by us to evaluate visitors’ use of the Site and to compile statistical reports on website activity for Yankee Publishing. If you would like to opt-out from the use of your information by Google Analytics, you may use
Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on
designed for this purpose.
4. Interest Based Advertising
We may collect information about your online activities on our Site to provide you with advertising about products tailored to your individual interests. We also may obtain information for this purpose from third-party websites on which our advertisements are served.
You may see certain advertisements on other websites because we work with advertising partners (including advertising networks) to engage in remarketing and retargeting activities. Our advertising partners allow us to target our messaging to users through demographic, interest-based and contextual means. These partners track your online activities over time and across websites, including our Site, by collecting information through automated means, including through the use of third-party cookies, web server logs, pixels and web beacons. They use this information to show you advertisements that may be tailored to your individual interests. The information our advertising partners may collect includes data about your visits to websites that participate in the relevant advertising networks, such as the pages or advertisements you view and the actions you take on the websites. This data collection takes place both on our Site and on third-party websites that participate in the ad networks. This process also helps us track the effectiveness of our marketing efforts. For example, we utilize certain of our advertising partners’ targeted advertising services to show you our advertisements on other websites based on your prior visits to our Site and other online activity.
Provided that a company participates in industry-developed programs designed to provide consumers choices about whether to receive targeted advertising, you may opt out of interest-based advertising generally through the Network Advertising Initiative website or by visiting
https://www.aboutads.info/choices/
(web-based advertising) or
https://www.aboutads.info/appchoices
(for mobile advertising). To learn more, please visit the websites operated by the Network Advertising Initiative and Digital Advertising Alliance at
https://www.networkadvertising.org/choices
. Opting-out does not mean that you will stop receiving advertisements from us. It means that you still stop receiving advertisements from us that have been targeted to you based on your visits and browsing activity across websites over time.
5. How Information is Used
We may use the information we collect for any of the following purposes:
to provide the Site to you and to improve the Site;
to create and manage your account with Yankee Publishing;
to complete and fulfill your purchase, for example, to process your payments, have your order delivered to you, communicate with you regarding your purchase, and provide you with related customer service;
to communicate with you;
to operate, improve and personalize the products we offer, and to give each user a more consistent and personalized experience when interacting with us;
to personalize our advertising, marketing communications, shopping experiences and promotional offers and to deliver promotions and offers to you that we think may interest you;
if you sign up for our email list or to receive promotional text messages, to send you emails or text messages about products or offers that we think might be of interest to you;
for security, to detect fraud or illegal activities, and for archival and backup purposes in connection with the provision of the Site;
for research and analysis purposes;
to send you surveys regarding your satisfaction with our services, products and overall experience in connection with Yankee Publishing;
For our other business purposes, such as data analysis, audits, developing new products, enhancing our Site, improving our products and services, identifying Site usage trends, and determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns;
As we believe to be necessary or appropriate: (i) under applicable law; (ii) to comply with legal process; (iii) to respond to requests from public and government authorities; (iv) to enforce this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use; (v) to protect our operations or those of any of our affiliates; (vi) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you, or others; and (vii) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
6. Sharing of Information
With Third Party Service Providers Performing Services on Our Behalf
. We share your personal information with our service providers to perform the functions for which we engage them. For example, we may use third parties to host the Site or assist us in providing functionality on the Site, provide data analytics on the Site, send out emails and text messages about the Site and our products and to process payments.
For Legal Purposes.
We also may share information that we collect from users as needed to enforce our rights, protect our property or protect the rights, property or safety of others, or as needed to support external auditing, compliance and corporate governance functions. We will disclose personal information as we deem necessary to respond to a subpoena, regulation, binding order of a governmental/regulatory authority, legal process, governmental request or other legal or regulatory process. We may also share personal information as required to pursue available remedies or limit damages we may sustain.
Changes of Control
. We reserve the right to transfer or assign the information that we have collected from users in connection with a corporate transaction, such as a divestiture, merger, consolidation, or asset sale, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy.
7. Links to External Websites and Online Services
Our Site may contain links to third party websites. Any access to and use of such third-party websites and online services is not governed by this Privacy Policy but is instead governed by the privacy policies of those third-party websites and online services, and we are not responsible for the information practices of such third-party websites and online services.
8. Social Media
Some aspects of the Site may allow you to interface with social media, such as Facebook, Instagram and Pinterest. We will attempt to identify these aspects of the Site to you, for example, by identifying them with the applicable third-party logos or trade names. By using these interfaces, you will allow us to access information about you from those other online services, including information and other content that you submit to those online services. If you interface with the Site through your social media account, we may contact you or enable you to share your experience and content via your social media account, which information may be publicly viewed by other users of those services.  For a description on how such social media services and other third-party platforms, plug-ins, integrations, and applications handle your information, please refer to their respective privacy policies and terms of use, which may permit you to modify your privacy settings with that service or platform.
9. Security of Personal Information
Yankee Publishing uses reasonable security measures designed to prevent unauthorized intrusion to the Site and the alteration, acquisition or misuse of personal information. However, please note that no data transmission over the Internet or data storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. It is your responsibility to protect the security of your login information.
10. Consent to Receive Communications
By providing your phone number and clicking submit online, you agree to our Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy, and authorize us to make or initiate sales calls, text messages and prerecorded voicemails to that phone number using an automated system. Your agreement is not a condition of purchasing any products, goods or services and you may elect to do business with us over the phone. Message & data rates may apply and message frequency may vary.
See our Mobile Terms & Conditions for more information
.
11. Your Rights and Choices
You may opt out of receiving promotional e-mails and text messages from us by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in any such messages. Please note that if you opt out of receiving promotional messages from us, this does not impact other transactional and administrative messages which you will continue to receive (such as emails relating to billing and payment information or changes to this Privacy Policy). You may also access or modify your information and modify your communication preferences through your account.
12. Do Not Track
Our Site does not currently take any action when it receives a Do Not Track request. Do Not Track is a privacy preference that you can set in your web browser to indicate that you do not want certain information about your webpage visits collected across websites when you have not interacted with that service on the page. For details, including how to turn on Do Not Track, visit
https://www.eff.org/issues/do-not-track
.
13. Children
We do not knowingly collect or maintain personal information from any person under the age of 13. No parts of our Site are directed to or designed to attract anyone under the age of 13.
14. California Residents
The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (“
CPRA
”) provides California residents with specific rights regarding their personal information. The below describes such rights and how you may exercise such rights, and our information practices, including the categories of personal information we collect, use, retain, disclose, sell or share, and how and why we collect, disclose, sell or share such information.
Consumer Rights
Right to Know
You have the right to request that we disclose what personal information we collect, use, disclose, sell or share. Specifically, you may request that we disclose to you the following:
The categories of personal information we have collected about you.
The categories of sources from which the personal information is collected.
The business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling or sharing personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom we disclose personal information.
The specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.
You may also request that we disclose to you:
The categories of personal information that we have sold or shared about you and the categories of third parties to whom the personal information was sold or shared, by category or categories of personal information for each third party to whom the personal information was sold or shared.
The categories of personal information that we disclosed about you for a business purpose and the categories of persons to whom it was disclosed for a business purpose.
Right to Request Deletion
You have the right to request that we delete any personal information about you which we have collected from you. If it is necessary for us to maintain your personal information for certain purposes, we are not required to comply with your deletion request. If we determine that we will not delete your personal information when you request us to do so, we will inform you and tell you why we are not deleting it.
Right to Opt-Out of Sale or Sharing of Personal Information
We do not sell your personal information for monetary consideration. However, we do use cookies for targeted advertising purposes. The collection of data through certain cookies for our targeting advertising purposes may be considered a “sale” and is considered “sharing” under the CPRA. To opt-out of having your information sold and shared with third-party website analytics and digital advertising service providers for this purpose, visit our “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” web link in the footer of each site. Opting out of the sale or sharing of personal information on one of the Yankee Publishing websites does not mean you will be automatically opted out on the other Yankee Publishing websites. If you would like to exercise your right to opt out for such other websites, you will need to submit an opt-out request separately for each of those websites.
Right to Correct Inaccurate Personal Information
You have the right to request a business that maintains inaccurate personal information about you to correct that inaccurate personal information, taking into account the nature of the personal information and the purposes of the processing of the personal information.
Right to Limit Use and Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information
We do not collect your sensitive personal information.
No Discrimination
You have the right not to be discriminated against because you exercised any of your aforementioned rights.
How to Submit a Request
To exercise the rights described above, you must submit a verifiable request to us. You can do so by calling us at toll-free telephone number or by visiting the URLs shown below. As mentioned above, you will need to submit a separate request to each of the Yankee Publishing websites you wish the request to apply to.
The Old Farmer’s Store
: 1-800-256-2266 option #2; or by visiting this
URL
.
The New England Store
: 1-888-779-1935 option #1; or by visiting this
URL
.
The Family Tree Shop
: 1-888-779-1935 option #1; or by visiting this
URL
.
All other YPI Websites
: 1-800-256-2266 option #2; or by visiting this
URL
.
If you maintain an online account with us, we will verify your identity for a request through the normal account authentication process, meaning you will need to sign on with your username and password.
To submit a verifiable request, you will be asked to provide certain information to help us verify your identity. The information we ask you to provide to initiate a request may differ depending upon the type of request, the type, sensitivity and value of the personal information that is the subject of the request, and the risk of harm to you that may occur as a result of unauthorized access or deletion, among other factors.
You may make a verifiable request on behalf of your minor child. You may also designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf by providing the agent with signed written permission to do so.
If we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request, we will not be able to comply with your request. We will inform you if we cannot verify your identity or authority. We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request.
How we collect, use, disclose, sell and share personal information of consumers
Yankee Publishing has collected the following categories of personal information and used, disclosed, sold or shared such information in the twelve (12) months prior to the effective date of this Privacy Policy:
Category
Disclosed for a Business or Commercial Purpose?
Categories of Third Parties to Whom the Information was Disclosed
Sold or Shared?
Categories of Third Parties to Whom the Information was Sold or Shared
Purpose(s) for Selling or Sharing
Identifiers
, such as name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, IP address, email address, account name, or other similar identifiers
Yes
Service providers
Law enforcement, courts, governmental / regulatory authorities to enforce our rights; protect our property or protect the rights, property or safety of others; as needed to support external auditing, compliance and corporate governance functions; respond to a subpoena, regulation, binding order, legal process, governmental request or other legal or regulatory process; or to pursue available remedies or limit damages we may sustain.
Third parties as part of a corporate transaction, such as a divestiture, merger, consolidation, or asset sale, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy
No, except for IP address as described in the “Internet or other electronic network activity information” category below.
N/A
N/A
Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e))
, such as name, address, telephone number, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information
Yes
No
N/A
N/A
Commercial information
, such as products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies
Yes
No
N/A
N/A
Internet or other electronic network activity information
, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding a Consumer’s interaction with an Internet Web site, application, or advertisement
Yes
Yes
Third-party website   analytics and digital advertising service providers.
to provide the Site to you and to improve the Site;
to operate, improve and personalize the products we offer, and to give each user a more consistent and personalized experience when interacting with us;
to personalize our advertising, marketing communications, shopping experiences and promotional offers and to deliver promotions and offers to you that we think may interest you;
for security, to detect fraud or illegal activities, and for archival and backup purposes in connection with the provision of the Site;
for research and analysis purposes;
For our business purposes, such as data analysis, enhancing our Site, improving our products and services, identifying Site usage trends, and determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns;
As we believe to be necessary or appropriate: (i) under applicable law; (ii) to comply with legal process; (iii) to respond to requests from public and government authorities; (iv) to enforce this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use; (v) to protect our operations or those of any of our affiliates; (vi) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you, or others; and (vii) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
Geolocation data
Yes
Yes
Third-party website analytics and digital advertising service providers.
Yankee Publishing collects the personal information described above from or through the following categories of sources:
You, directly and indirectly, including when you access the Site or make any purchases through the Site;
Service providers, including those that provide analytics services to help us understand the activity on the Site.
Yankee Publishing collects and discloses the personal information described above for a variety of business purposes as described in the section entitled “How Information is Used” above. Yankee Publishing discloses the personal information described with the third parties set forth in the section entitled “Sharing of Information” above.
Yankee Publishing will retain the personal information described above for as long as necessary to fulfill the purpose for which it was collected, or as required by applicable laws or regulation.
Personal Information of Minors
Yankee Publishing does not have actual knowledge that it sells or shares personal information about minors under the age of 16.
California “Shine the Light” Law
Under California’s “Shine the Light” law, California residents who provide personal information in obtaining products or services for personal, family or household use are entitled to request and obtain from us once a calendar year information about the customer information we shared, if any, with other businesses for their own direct marketing uses. To obtain this information, please contact us at
privacypolicy@yankeepublishing.com
with “‘Shine the Light’ Request” in the subject line and body of your message. We will provide the requested information, if any, to you at your e-mail address in response. Please be aware that not all information sharing is covered by the “Shine the Light” requirements and only information on covered sharing will be included in our response.
15. Nevada Residents
Under Nevada law, Yankee Publishing does not sell your personal information. However, if you are a Nevada resident, you may submit a request that we not sell any personal information we have collected about you by contacting us at
privacypolicy@yankeepublishing.com
.
16. Questions / Contact Us
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us at
privacypolicy@yankeepublishing.com
.
17.	Notification of Changes
Any changes to our Privacy Policy will be posted to this page so users are always aware of the information we collect and how we use it. Accordingly, please refer back to this Privacy Policy frequently as it may change.