Privacy Policy
Disclaimer
Introduction
Last Updated: 16-03-2022
The information provided by Future Gen Leaders (“We,” “Us” or “Our”) on futuregenleaders.com and Our mobile application “Future Gen Leaders” (the “Website”) is for general informational purposes only. All information on the Website is provided in good faith, however, We make no representation or warranty of any kind, express or implied, regarding the accuracy, adequacy, validity, reliability, availability or completeness of any information on the Website.
Under no circumstance shall We have any liability to You for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of the Website or reliance on any information provided on the Website. Your use of the Website and Your reliance on any information on the Website is solely at Your own risk.
Contents
Click below to jump to any section of this disclaimer
Consent
Content Disclaimer
Reviews
Testimonials Disclaimer
No Professional Relationship Disclaimer
Fair Use Notice
Personal Responsibility
Contact Us
Copyright Information
1 Consent
By using the Website, You hereby consent to this Disclaimer and agree to its terms.
We will not be liable for any damages experienced in connection with the use of Our Website.
If You do not agree with this Disclaimer, STOP now and do not access or use this Website.
Back to table of contents
2 Content Disclaimer
We are not responsible or liable in any manner for any content posted on Our Website or in connection with Our Website, whether posted or caused by users of the Website or by Us. Although We provide rules for user conduct and postings, We do not control and are not responsible for what the users post, transmit or share on the Website, and are not responsible for any offensive, inappropriate, obscene, unlawful or otherwise objectionable content You may encounter on the Website. We are not responsible for the conduct, whether online or offline, of any user of Our Website.
Back to table of contents
3 Reviews
At various times, We may provide reviews of products, services, or other resources. This may include reviews of books, services, and/or software applications. Any such reviews will represent the good-faith opinions of the author of such review. The products and services reviewed may be provided to Us for free or at a reduced price as an incentive to provide a review.
Regardless of any such discounts, We will provide honest reviews of these products and/or services. You recognize that You should conduct Your own due diligence and should not rely solely upon any reviews provided on this Website.
We will disclose the existence of any discounts or incentives received in exchange for providing a review of a product. If You would like more information about any such discounts and incentives, send an email to sawubona@futuregenleaders.com that includes the title of the reviewed product as the subject line. We will respond via email and disclose any incentives or discounts We received in association with any such review.
Back to table of contents
4 Testimonials Disclaimer
The Website may contain testimonials from users of Our products and/or services. These testimonials reflect the real-life experiences and opinions of such users. However, the experiences are personal to those particular users, and may not necessarily be representative of all users of Our products and/or services. We do not claim, and You should not assume, that all users will have the same experiences. Your individual results may vary.
The testimonials on the Website are submitted in various forms such as text, audio and/or video, and are reviewed by Us before being posted. They appear on the Website verbatim as given by the users, except for the correction of grammar or typing errors. Some testimonials may have been shortened for the sake of brevity where the full testimonial contained extraneous information not relevant to the general public.
The views and opinions contained in the testimonials belong solely to the individual user and do not reflect Our views and opinions.
The testimonials on the Website are not intended, nor should they be construed, as claims that Our products and/or services can be used to diagnose, treat, mitigate, cure, prevent, or otherwise be used for any disease or medical condition. No testimonials have been clinically proven or evaluated.
Back to table of contents
5 No Professional Relationship Disclaimer
The Website cannot and does not contain professional advice.
We do not provide any kind of professional advice. The information is provided for general informational and educational purposes only and is not a substitute for professional advice.
Accordingly, before taking any actions based upon such information, We encourage You to consult with the appropriate professionals. The use or reliance of any information contained on this Website is solely at Your own risk.
Back to table of contents
6 Fair Use Notice
The Website contains copyrighted material the use of which has not always been specifically authorized by the copyright owner. We believe this constitutes a “fair use” of any such copyrighted material as provided for in section 107 of the US Copyright Law. If You wish to use copyrighted material from the Website for purposes of Your own that go beyond fair use, You must obtain permission from the copyright owner.
Back to table of contents
7 Personal Responsibility
You acknowledge You are using Our Website voluntarily and that any choices, actions and results now and in the future are solely Your responsibility.
We will not be liable to You or any other party for any decision made or action taken in reliance on the information given in the Website.
Back to table of contents
8 Contact Us
If You require any more information or have any questions about Our Website’s disclaimer, please feel free to contact Us by our
contact page
or by email at
sawubona@futuregenleaders.com
.
Back to table of contents
9 Copyright Information
COPYRIGHT 2022 Future Gen Leaders. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
This disclaimer was generated at:
privacyterms.io
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://privacyterms.io/disclaimer-generator/:
Disclaimer Generator
Limit your liability and protect your blog, website and business with our lawyer drafted customizable disclaimers
Most comprehensive generator on the internet
20 Disclaimers
30 Day Moneyback Guarantee
START GENERATING FOR FREE
Customizable  Disclaimer
Our Disclaimer is customizable to include the clauses relevant to your business
Free to Use
100% Free Disclaimer for your website no hidden fees
Minimize  Liability
Help to minimize your liability and unwanted legal action
What's included
Our Disclaimer Generator includes:
Consent
A general consent disclaimer.
Let your users know to STOP using your website if they do not agree with your Disclaimer
Content Disclaimer
Remove yourself from liability with relation to the content on your website, whether it has been posted by you or users to your website
External Links Disclaimer
Does your website contain links to other websites? If so then include the external links disclaimer to remove any responsibility for the content offered on third party websites.
Investment Disclaimer
Do you offer any information regarding investments or investment products? Then add this disclaimer to express that you don’t offer investment advice.
Medical Disclaimer
Does your website contain and medical content? Do you discuss your experience with either your own or patients medical issues? Ensure you are letting your readers know that your website DOES NOT PROVIDE MEDICAL ADVICE with this disclaimer
Social Media Channel Disclaimer
Does your business have a social media channel? Remove responsibility for actions taken on this media with this disclaimer.
Blog Disclaimer
Does your website contain content regarding legal matters? Then ensure you outline that there is no lawyer-client relationship between you and the recipient with this disclaimer.
Price Inaccuracies Disclaimer
From time to time mistakes can be made. If you are selling goods or services have a disclaimer in place in case an error is made on your prices.
Fair Use Notice Disclaimer
Does your website contain content that may not have been authorised by the content owner? Add this fair use disclaimer.
Affiliate Disclaimer
Does your website contain affiliate links? If so ensure you are compliant with the FTC by adding this disclaimer.
Reviews Disclaimer
Does your website offer reviews on certain products? Do you every receive an incentive for these? Add this disclaimer if you do post reviews
Earnings Disclaimer
Does your website report on the success of prior or existing customers? If so add this disclaimer which explains that results may vary from these examples.
Health & Fitness Disclaimer
Do you offer any information regarding health and fitness? Ensure your readers understand the information is for educational purposes only with this disclaimer.
Legal Disclaimer
Does your website contain content regarding legal matters? Then ensure you outline that there is no lawyer-client relationship between you and the recipient with this disclaimer.
Map Policy
Does your website embed a Google Map? Perhaps showing directions to your business. Add a Map Disclaimer to your website
Product Disclaimer
Does your website sell products? Ensure users are aware that the use of any product sold is at their own risk.
YouTube Video Disclaimer
Does your website embed any videos from YouTube? Ensure your users are aware that you are not responsible for this content and that it is hosted on YouTube and not by you.
Personal Responsibility
A disclaimer to acknowledge that use of your website is done so voluntarily and any choices and actions made are solely the responsibility of the user.
Generate Your Disclaimer
Our
free disclaimer generator
offers you a generic disclaimer template covering some disclaimers you may require.
A disclaimer is a statement which is used to help minimize liability and unwanted legal action. Although it cannot guarantee you will not face any legal action, it does go a long way toward reducing the likelihood and protecting you and your business.
Our free disclaimer generator includes the basic clauses needed to cover you for personal responsibility, accuracy of information, external links to other sites and liability for damages experienced in connection with use of your website.
Our generator is completely free and will generate a disclaimer for you in a matter of minutes. Simply fill out a couple of boxes and make a few selections and you are ready to start using your disclaimer. We have even left room for you to add in your own clauses if you wish.
Generate Disclaimer
Frequently Asked Questions
⭐️ Why Do You Need a Disclaimer?
A website disclaimer is not legally required but having one on your site is good practice. A disclaimer is just as important and a Terms and Conditions agreement and Privacy Policy. It helps to add another layer of protection to your business. Here are just a few reasons to add a disclaimer:
Limits liability
: A disclaimer acts as a warning so that anybody reading it will be aware of any risks involved when using your website and the information contained on it. It reduces the chance that a user can make a claim against you for damages caused through the use of information or services on your site.
Not taking place of professional advice:
Adding a clause which covers that you are not a professional and/or that the content on your site should not take the place of professional advice will help protect you.
Content ownership:
Having a disclaimer helps protect your intellectual property and may prevent others from using your content without your permission.
Content accuracy:
Although you undoubtedly do your best to provide accurate and up to date information there is always the chance that some of the content on your site may be either outdated or incorrect. Including in your disclaimer that you cannot guarantee the accuracy of all of the content on your site, you help reduce your risk.
Third party liability:
If you include any links to third party websites on your site then you do not want to be held responsible for the content on those websites. By adding this clause to your disclaimer you are letting users know that when they click on external links you are not liable in any way for the content found on the third party website.
Consent
: Include a clause that informs your users that if they do not agree to your disclaimer then they should not continue using your website.
⭐️ Is a disclaimer required by law?
No, a disclaimer is not actually a legal requirement like a Privacy Policy is. However a disclaimer is an important legal agreement to add to your website in order to help limit any liability. Some affiliate programs also require you to disclose your use of affiliate links.
⭐️ What areas might be subject to liability?
Content. You need to let your users know that the content on your website is meant only for informational purposes. That although you have done your best to provide accurate, up to date information, there may be errors present. And finally that the information you are providing is not professional advice and is not meant to replace professional advice either.
⭐️ Do I need a disclaimer and a terms and conditions agreement?
Yes. A terms and conditions agreement does not replace a disclaimer and vice versa. Disclaimers are specifically targeting liability where as a terms and conditions agreement is a general set of rules governing your website and how your users are to use that site.
⭐️ How does a disclaimer help me?
Disclaimers help limit your risk of liability and they serve as a warning to your users. A website without a disclaimer leaves itself open to potential liability.
⭐️ How can I generate a disclaimer?
It’s really simple. Just have a quick read of the "What’s Included" section. This covers the clauses we include in our free generator. Then just choose which ones best fit your website and it will be generated in minutes.
For further information regarding privacy policies please take a look at our articles
All Articles
Latest Articles
What is the Data Protection Act 2018?
The Data Protection Act (DPA) 2018 is the UK's updated data protection law which became effective on 25th May 2018 and was recently amended on the 1st January 2021 to reflect the United Kingdom's exit from the EU. It sits alongside the UK GDPR and replaces the Data Protection Act 1998. The United Kingdom is […]
Read More...
Where to put a Privacy Policy on your Website?
A Privacy Policy is a legal requirement for any business or website, but where should you put your Privacy Policy on your website? To be compliant with a number of International laws, including GDPR, CalOPPA and Australian Privacy Act 1988, your privacy policy is required to be in a prominent, easily located place on your […]
Read More...
3 Reasons Your Website Needs a Privacy Policy
Whether you own a website, blog or eCommerce store you may find yourself wondering, do I need a privacy policy? The short answer is, if you collect personal data from your readers or users in any form, then yes you do need a privacy policy. The three most important reasons you will require a privacy […]
Read More...
Disclaimer
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Generate for Free...
Privacy Policy Generator
Terms Generator
Disclaimer Generator
question-circle-o
clipboard-checked
documents1
document-locked1
document-error1
checkmark3
justice
pen2
pig