Privacy Policy
Updated 25th May 2018
Website operator
The miPic website is operated by:
miPic Ltd
20-22 Wenlock Rd,
London, N1 7GU,
United Kingdom
Contact:
support@mipic.co
1. Introduction
Purpose of Policy
www.mipic.co, the "Site". miPic Ltd, trading name: miPic ("Company", "we" or "us") is committed to respecting the privacy rights of patrons, customers, visitors, and other users of the Site.
This Privacy Policy (this "Policy") to give you confidence as you visit and use the Site, and to demonstrate our commitment to fair information practices and the protection of your privacy. This Policy is only applicable to the Site, and not to any other websites that you may be able to access from the Site, each of which may have data collection and use practices and policies that differ materially from this Policy. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the same meaning given them in the miPic Terms and Conditions ("Terms of Service").
Notice Concerning Children
We are a general audience site intended for adults, and do not direct any of our content or services at minors under 13 years of age. We understand and are committed to respecting the sensitive nature of children's privacy online. If we learn or have reason to suspect that a Site user is under 13 years of age, we will promptly take any action we may deem appropriate, including without limitation conducting further inquiry/investigation and/or deleting that user's account. Under 13 years of age are not permitted to use the Service.
2. Information Collection Practices
Information We Collect?
When you visit or use the Service, you may provide us with two types of information:
Personal Information that you knowingly choose to disclose through various Service features.
Service Use Information that is collected by us as you interact with the Service.
In operating the Site, we may include registrations, surveys, questionnaires and other online forms that ask users to provide their names, addresses, phone numbers, e-mail addresses and other contact information, credit card or other payment information for purchases, as well as profile information, ratings, reviews, audio, images and videos you submit, if any.
What Additional Information Do We Collect?
We collect personally identifiable data ("Personal Information") that you submit to us voluntarily through the Service:
When you post any material (such as User Content) on or through the Service, you may be providing Personal Information.
When you order products or services through the Service, you provide Personal Information necessary to complete the transaction, including your name, email, credit card information, shipping information and billing information.
When you contact us to give feedback or ask a question using the forms provided by us, you provide your name, email address and your comment, question or feedback.
When you participate in our surveys, we may collect additional Personal Information.
When you contact us by sending us an email, we will collect your email address, any Personal Information contained in the email, and any Personal Information attached to the email.
Automatic Collection.
Our servers automatically recognize visitors' IP addresses (the number assigned to computers on the Internet), date and time of access, links clicked through, and possibly other information as well. No personal information about you is revealed in this process. The Site may also gather anonymous "traffic data" that does not personally identify you, but that may be helpful for marketing purposes or for improving the services we offer.
Cookies.
Our Site uses “cookies” which enables us to store a small text file of data and identification number on your computer when you visit our Site. If you create an account on our Site, we may store your email address and a unique account tracking identification code in a cookie on your computer so that the Site remembers you.
Storing Cookies helps us understand which areas of our Site are useful and which areas can be improved making our Site easier for you to use. This Policy only covers use of cookies by the Company itself. You can choose whether to accept cookies by changing the settings on your browser. However, if you choose to disable this function, your experience on our Site may be diminished and some features may not work as they were intended. We may also adopt newer technologies serving some of the same functions as cookies (including by way of example only, and not of limitation, HTML 5 local storage) from time to time.
3. Use and Sharing of Information
What miPic does with Collected Information?
(a) Personal Information.
We will not share your personal information with any third parties without your consent, except as necessary or appropriate to provide you with our services or to comply with the law. We may use your personal information to verify your identity or to follow up with transactions initiated on the Site. We may also use your contact information to inform you of any changes to the Site or our Service.
(b) Anonymous Information.
We use anonymous information to analyze our Site traffic, but we do not examine this information for individually identifying information. In addition, we may use anonymous IP addresses to help diagnose problems with our server, to administer our Site, or to display the content according to your preferences.
(c) Use of Cookies.
We use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests, to remember you and your information when you return to the Site. Your Web browser may automatically accept cookies, this can be changed in your browser preferences and the storage of cookies can be disabled or removed.  The file is kept ready for later access and serves to authenticate the user.
(i) Session Cookies - These are removed when you close the browser accessing the Site
(ii) Permanent Cookies - Remember that you have used the Site before and any information you have entered previously or options you have chosen.
(iii) Third Party Cookies  - To provide you with the most tailored service using our Site, we work with advertising partners to store cookies on your computer. These cookies are only temporary and delete themselves automatically after a given period of time. Your personally-identifying data is not shared through third party cookies, data is collected using a unique user ID.
(d) Disclosure of Personal Information.
We may disclose personal information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to
(i) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on the Company or its affiliates,
(ii) protect and defend the rights or property of the Company or of Site users, or
(iii) act under exigent circumstances to protect the safety of Site users or the public at large.
(e) Sale of Assets.
In order to accommodate changes in our business, we may sell or buy portions of our company or other companies or assets, including the information collected through the Site. If the Company or substantially all of its assets are acquired, customer information will be one of the assets transferred to the acquirer.
(f) Third Parties.
In order to complete your transaction, we will share your personal information with contracted service providers (manufacturers, shipping and delivery companies, payment service providers) Traffic and Site activity information may also be shared with third parties to analyse and improve your experience using our Site and Service.
(g) Marketing purposes.
We use your personal information to send you weekly newsletters with brand news/updates, seasonal trends and the latest competitions or discounts. By registering to use our Service and Site you have the choice to receive marketing emails and material and can opt-out or unsubscribe at any time.
(h) Statistics.
Upon request, the Company may provide statistics about our Site, app and usage to third party companies such as investors or companies for future partnerships.
(i) Access to Information / Opting-Out.
Users may opt-out of receiving certain types of communications by emailing us at
support@mipic.co
Data Storage
The data we collect is received from you and includes information of the devices you use to interact with our Site and Service.
In accordance with our terms and conditions of Service, you agree (unless you have withdrawn consent) for us to store your data until the contract of service is cancelled.
Upon cancellation of our service contract, miPic agrees to the removal of personal information and associated imagery stored on our servers.
Recipients of Personal Information
When processing your personal information we work with the following partners.
Delivery and shipping partners
Social media platforms and their providers
Web hosting providers
Advertising networks
Provider of web analysis tools
In accordance with GDPR legislation that came into effect on 25th May 2018, you as an affected party subject to certain conditions have the right to:
Delete or disable your data
Amend data
Request further information on how miPic processes your data
Object to the processing of any of your data
Limit the data shared
Receive your data in a transferrable format
Feedback
If you provide feedback on any of our products and services to us, we may use such feedback for any purpose, provided we will not associate such feedback with your Personal Information. miPic will collect any information contained in such communication and will treat the Personal Information in such communication in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
4. Security
The Site has security measures in place to prevent the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information that we obtain from you, but we can make no assurances regarding our ability to prevent any such loss, misuse or alteration.
5. Site Areas beyond miPic Control
Public Forums
The Site may include interactive forums for the exchange of information, ideas and opinions. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information. You should exercise caution when deciding to publicly disclose personal information.
Third Party Web sites
The Site may contain links to other websites. If you choose to visit other web sites, we are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of those other web sites, and it is your responsibility to review the privacy policies at those websites to confirm that you understand and agree with their policies.
6. Integrating Social Networking Services
The Service may also allow you to enable or log in to the Service via various social networking services like Facebook, Instagram, Google + and Twitter(“Social Networking Service(s)”), and we may ask you to log into the relevant Social Networking Service. When you add a Social Networking Services account to the Service or log into the Service using your Social Networking Services account, we will collect relevant information necessary to enable the Service to access that Social Networking Service and your data contained within that Social Networking Service. As part of such integration, the Social Networking Service will provide us with access to certain information that you have provided to the Social Networking Service, and we will use, store and disclose such information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. However, please remember that the manner in which Social Networking Services use, store and disclose your information is governed by the policies of such third parties, and miPic shall have no liability or responsibility for the privacy practices or other actions of any Social Networking Services that may be enabled within the Service.
You may also have the option of posting your Service activities to Social Networking Services when you access content through the Service; you acknowledge that if you choose to use this feature, your friends, followers and subscribers on any Social Networking Services you have enabled will be able to view such activity.
7. Policy Updates and Contact Information
Updates and Changes
If you choose to visit miPic, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to the then-current Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service. We reserve the right to change our Privacy Policy at any time by posting any changes on the Site. All changes will take effect immediately upon their posting on the Site. If we make changes, we will indicate at the top of the page the policy's effective date. We therefore encourage you to refer to this policy on an ongoing basis so that you understand our current privacy policy. Your use of the miPic Service after any changes to the Privacy Policy constitutes your acceptance of the new Privacy Policy. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Policy applies to all information that we have about you and your account.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this Policy, our practices related to the Site, please submit your question to
support@mipic.co