Disclaimer Text
Not all products, pricing, and services are available in all areas. Pricing and actual speeds may vary. Internet speeds based on wired connection. Restrictions apply.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.spectrum.com/policies/your-privacy-rights-opt-out.html:
c0ca6bc7-2247-48a4-a193-b9bc655d591e
Chat With Us
Feedback
Sub-policy 1
https://www.adobe.com/privacy.html:
#2B2B2B
We value your privacy and trust.
The Adobe Privacy Center makes it easy to find information on privacy topics, including your choices about how we collect and use your information.
Adobe Privacy Policy
Young Users
Cookies
Contact us
Law Enforcement
Trust Center
Your privacy choices
style
four up, xl spacing
What does Adobe do with your personal information?
Learn more about how Adobe uses your information as you use Adobe apps and visit Adobe websites:
Adobe Privacy Policy
Additional privacy policies
Cookies and similar technologies
Your privacy choices
Social networking
Marketing
Cross-border data transfers
Adobe & Student Privacy
Additional US State Privacy Rights
Younger users
What do Adobe’s business customers do with your information?
Learn more about how Adobe’s business customers use Adobe solutions to personalize and improve the performance of their websites, apps, and marketing messages, and to securely manage digital documents:
Data collection in Adobe Experience Cloud
Data collection in Adobe Electronic Signature Services
Data collection in Reader Mobile SDK
Your privacy choices
Cross-border data transfers
Questions?
Contact us
.
Sub-policy 2
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php:
Facebook
Email or phone
Password
Forgot account?
Create new account
It looks like you were misusing this feature by going too fast. You’ve been temporarily blocked from using it.
Back
English (US)
Gaeilge
Polski
Lietuvių
Português (Brasil)
Русский
Română
Español
Français (France)
Deutsch
Italiano
Meta © 2025
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to help provide and improve content on
Meta Products
. We also use them to provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and to provide and improve Meta Products for people who have an account.
Essential cookies: These cookies are required to use Meta Products and are necessary for our sites to work as intended.
Cookies from other companies: We use these cookies to show you ads off of Meta Products and to provide features like maps and videos on Meta Products. These cookies are optional.
You have control over the optional cookies we use. Learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choices at any time in our
Cookies Policy
.
About cookies
What are cookies?
Learn more
Why do we use cookies?
Learn more
What are Meta Products?
Learn more
Your cookie choices
Learn more
Cookies from other companies
We use cookies from
other companies
in order to show you ads off of our Products, and provide features like maps, payment services and video.
Choose cookies by category
How we use these cookies
If you allow these cookies
If you don't allow these cookies
Other ways you can control your information
Manage your ad experience in Accounts Center
More information about online advertising
Controlling cookies with browser settings
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Sub-policy 3
https://www.spectrum.com/policies/california:
c0ca6bc7-2247-48a4-a193-b9bc655d591e
Chat With Us
Feedback
Sub-policy 4
https://www.spectrum.com/policies/california/privacy-policy:
c0ca6bc7-2247-48a4-a193-b9bc655d591e
Chat With Us
Feedback
Sub-policy 5
https://www.spectrum.com/policies/states:
c0ca6bc7-2247-48a4-a193-b9bc655d591e
Chat With Us
Feedback
Sub-policy 6
https://www.spectrum.com/policies/your-privacy-rights:
c0ca6bc7-2247-48a4-a193-b9bc655d591e
Chat With Us
Feedback