Help
Help and Useful Information:
How much will delivery of my items cost?
At present we are offering customers discounted prices and free postage and packing service for UK mainland orders, however overseas orders will be subject to postage and packing charges based on charges levied by Royal Mail and other international carriers.
Do your prices include VAT?
We do not charge VAT on our books, however we do charge VAT on Calendars and eBooks, this will be added to your basket and shown clearly at checkout.
What cards do you accept?
We accept the following major Credit Cards:
MasterCard, Visa, Visa Electron, Delta, Solo, Maestro
What payment provider do you use, and are my credit card details safe?
All transactions use the Shopify Payments payment system. You can trust that your details are safe, secure and not stored on our system once transactions have been processed.
When will I be charged?
When you reach the final billing page and press 'Proceed to secure payment' you will be taken to the Shopify Payments secure payment screen. Once you have entered your details Shopify will immediately contact your bank / card issuer for authorisation to take payment from your account.
If the payment is authorised, you will receive an e-mail within a few minutes confirming your order and payment will be taken from your account shortly afterwards.
If payment is authorised but we have a query with your order, an e-mail will be sent to advise you of the nature of the query. If we are unable to resolve the query for any reason and cannot dispatch your order, a full refund will be issued back to your card.
Are my personal details safe?
Yes, we promise to keep your personal details safe and will not pass them onto third parties or send you any unsolicited emails or promotions.
Privacy Policy
We receive personal information through this website. You may, for example, be asked for personal information if you would like to place an order or receive information about our latest products and offers.
Where you provide personal information, we will only use it to deliver the services you have requested. We will not sell this information to any third party and we will not send you Spam emails, ever.
This privacy policy only covers the Icon Publishing Ltd (Autocourse.com & Motocourse.com) websites.
The Icon Publishing website does not automatically capture or store personal information, other than logging your IP address and session information such as how long your visit lasted and the type of browser used. This is recognised by the web server and is only used for system administration and to provide statistics, which we use to evaluate how the site is used, and to improve the experience for you, our customer!
This policy does not cover links within this site to other websites.
Cookies
Cookies collect anonymous information about how visitors use our site, which is then used to help improve the site. The information collected includes the number of site visitors, where visitors come to the site from and the pages they visited during their stay.
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google. Google Analytics uses 'cookies', which are text files places on your computer, to help analyse how visitors use autocourse.com
Cookie Name
What is it
_utma
Typical content: randomly generated number
Expires: 2 years
_utmb
Typical content: randomly generated number
Expires: 30 minutes
_utmc
Typical content: randomly generated number
Expires: When the user exits the browser
_utmz
Typical content: randomly generated number and information about how the page was reached (eg directly or via a link, organic search or paid search)
Expires: 6 months
For further details on Google Analytics cookies, including those not used by autocourse.com visit
cookies set by Google Analytics
eCommerce and Content Management System Cookies
Used by the software which displays our website content to remember that you have already provided information in order to complete an order or login to view your previous orders.
Cookie Name
What is it
basket_id
Typical content: Unique number assigned when you create a basket on the website which is used to add track which items you wish to purchase.
Expires: 10 Hours / Cleared after order completion
customerRef
Typical content: Unique number assigned when you first create an account.
Expires: 10 Hours
orderRef
Typical content: Unique number assigned when you go through to the checkout process, this is used to track your order.
Expires: 10 Hours / Cleared after order completion
countryRef
Typical content: Number which is assigned to a country, enables the postage system to know which country a customer is from.
Expires: 10 Hours / Cleared after order completion
regionRef
Typical content: Number which is assigned to a region, enables the postage system to know which area a customer is from.
Expires: 10 Hours / Cleared after order completion
promoCode
Typical content: Will contain a list of successful and valid promotional codes entered by the user
Expires: 10 Hours / Cleared after order completion
postageType
Typical content: Will contain a reference number for upgraded postage options.
Expires: 10 Hours / Cleared after order completion
accountLogin
Typical content: 'true' if the user has logged in via the account system.
Expires: 10 Hours / Cleared after order completion
General
You can choose to refuse cookies or tell your browser to let you know each time that a website tries to set a cookie. However, refusing cookies will mean some sections of the site will not work properly.
For more information about cookies (including how to turn them off) please visit
www.allaboutcookies.org
I am having problems using the website...
Before contacting us we recommend that if you are using a PC, then you check for updates for your computer using Windows Update Tool, and ensure you are using an up-to-date modern browser such as Internet Explorer 8/9, Firefox 6, Google Chrome or Safari 5.
If you are using a Mac, please ensure you are running the latest version of your operating system by running the Software update tool from the System Preferences Panel, and that any browsers you are using are the latest versions.
Please also ensure that your security settings or preferences allow the use of JavaScript.
I am having trouble with 'Cookies'.
We use cookies to record information about the items in your basket and your purchasing options. Please ensure cookies are enabled to enable your shopping experience to run complete smoothly.