Privacy policy
Part A - For individuals in Australia or otherwise outside the EU
Background
This is the privacy policy of the MLA Group, which consists of Meat & Livestock Australia Limited ABN 39 081 678 364 (
MLA
) and its subsidiaries, Integrity Systems Company Limited ABN 34 134 745 038 (
ISC
) and MLA Donor Company Limited ABN 49 083 304 867 (
MDC
).  MLA Group respects the privacy of individuals. This policy sets out how MLA Group collects, stores, uses and discloses personal information (other than information processed by MLA in connection with its activities in the European Union (
EU
) or otherwise relating to individuals within the EU, which is addressed in MLA’s EU Privacy Notice (below)).
If you are outside the EU and not otherwise interacting with an MLA office in the EU, then by visiting MLA's or ISC’s websites or providing MLA Group with your personal information, you consent to your personal information being collected, stored, used and disclosed as set out in this policy.
Types of personal information collected
The personal information which MLA Group collects and holds will depend on the nature of your interaction with us but generally includes your name, contact details (such as your phone number, address and email address) and general information about your livestock and business operations. It may also include credit card details if you are purchasing a product, your frequent flyer details, travel insurance details, dietary requirements or information from your résumé if we require these details for an event or for responding to a job application. We will ordinarily identify at the time of collecting your personal information which elements we require to facilitate your interaction with MLA Group.
You may be able to deal with MLA Group without identifying yourself (ie anonymously or by using a pseudonym) in certain circumstances, such as when you make a general enquiry about MLA Group or its programs. If you wish to do so, please contact us to find out if this is practicable in your circumstances.
ISC administers the National Livestock Identification System (
NLIS
), the Livestock Production Assurance (
LPA
) program and Livestock Data Link (
LDL
). NLIS is Australia's system for livestock identification and traceability. The LPA program is the Australian livestock industry’s on-farm food safety program. LDL is a carcase feedback and reporting system designed to, among other things: (i) calculate carcase compliance; (ii) enable performance benchmarking within a herd, and at a regional, State and National level; and (iii) provide a library of solutions on how to address carcase compliance issues on farm.
Personal information collected in the normal course of business of the NLIS by ISC (
NLIS Personal Information
) is collected, held, used and disclosed pursuant to this privacy policy, however may also be subject to additional terms contained in the NLIS Terms of Use (
NLIS Terms of Use
). The NLIS Terms of Use are available here: www.nlis.com.au/general/disclosure.aspx. In the event of any inconsistency between this privacy policy and the NLIS Terms of Use, the NLIS Terms of Use will apply to the extent of the inconsistency.
Personal information collected in the normal course of business of LPA by ISC (
LPA Personal Information
) is collected, held, used and disclosed pursuant to this privacy policy, however may also be subject to additional terms contained in the LPA Rules (
LPA Rules
). The LPA Rules are available here: http://www.integritysystems.com.au/on-farm-assurance/lpa-rules--standards/. In the event of any inconsistency between this privacy policy and the LPA Rules, the LPA Rules will apply to the extent of the inconsistency.
Personal information collected in the normal course of business of LDL by ISC (
LDL Personal Information
) is collected, held, used and disclosed pursuant to this privacy policy, however may also be subject to additional terms contained in the Terms of Use for the Livestock Data Link Database (
LDL Terms of Use
).  The LDL Terms of Use are available here: https://ldl.mla.com.au/documents/TermsofUse.pdf In the event of any inconsistency between this privacy policy and the LDL Terms of Use, the LDL Terms of Use will apply to the extent of the inconsistency.
Method of collection of personal information
MLA Group generally only collects personal information if you choose to provide it yourself, for example in person, over the telephone, by post or email, via MLA's or ISC’s website or by completing online or hard copy forms. However, there may be occasions when MLA Group collects your personal information from someone else, such as when we engage a third party to assist us with membership drives or when we jointly conduct a program or event with other Research and Development Corporations or consultants.
MLA and ISC also automatically collect certain information when you visit MLA's or ISC’s websites. Such information includes your browser type, server address, operating system type, your IP address, how and when you use the MLA or ISC websites and previous websites visited. MLA and ISC use this information on an anonymous basis and do not use it to personally identify you unless required to do so by law.
You do not have to provide your personal information to MLA Group but, if you do not provide the information requested, MLA Group may not be able to manage your membership or provide you with its products and services.
Purposes for holding and using personal information
MLA Group uses the personal information that it collects for the purposes for which it was provided to MLA Group, to carry out MLA Group’s business purposes (which are detailed generally on MLA’s or ISC’s websites or are otherwise obvious at the time MLA Group collects it), to fulfil MLA Group’s legal obligations, other related purposes or as permitted or required by law. Where MLA, MDC or ISC documents request personal information, MLA Group will state the general purposes for its use and to whom it may be disclosed, and the main consequences, if any, if the information is not provided. MLA Group’s general purposes may include:
(a)        providing products and services that you have requested and responding to your enquiries;
(b)        administering MLA Group's programs and dealing with stakeholders;
(c)        keeping MLA's or ISC’s members, levy payers and relevant members of the public informed of MLA’s or ISC’s business, the products and services that it provides and issues relating to the red meat and livestock industry;
(d)       conducting specific projects in which you have chosen to participate;
(e)        administering competitions;
(f)        administering events;
(g)        including your details in publicly available databases on the MLA or ISC website;
(h)        managing your membership with MLA Group and reviewing your Levies Notice in relation to MLA’s annual general meeting;
(i)         where you have provided consent, sending marketing material that MLA Group considers will be useful. If MLA or ISC is notified that a person does not wish to receive such information, it will not send it to that person. This does not apply to information that we are legally required to send;
(j)         complying with legal requirements;
(k)        in the case of NLIS Personal Information, administration of the NLIS;
(l)         in the case of LPA Personal Information, administration of the LPA and for the purposes of NLIS and LDL; and
(m)       in the case of LDL Personal Information, administration of the LDL.
Where MLA or ISC requests personal information, MLA or ISC will state the general purposes for its use.
Disclosure of personal information
Generally, MLA Group will obtain consent before it discloses any personal information other than as specified in this policy. Such consent may be given expressly or it may be implied by conduct.
Some of the information that you provide to us will be published in documents or databases that will be readily accessible to the public or made available to the public on request. This includes information contained in the register of members and information about voting entitlements (derived from levies notices). Another example is where you are involved in the export of meat, MLA may include your personal information (such as contact details) in MLA's Australian Red Meat Exporter Database, which is publicly available on MLA's website.
Additionally, ISC discloses:
(a)        NLIS Personal Information in accordance with this privacy policy and any additional terms contained in the NLIS Terms of Use (to the extent relevant);
(b)        LPA Personal Information in accordance with this privacy policy and any additional terms contained in the LPA Rules (to the extent relevant);
(c)        LDL Personal Information in accordance with this privacy policy and any additional terms contained in the LDL Terms of Use (to the extent relevant); and
(d)       other personal information for ISC's business purposes in accordance with this privacy policy.
Depending on the product or service, your personal information may be disclosed to:
(a)        MLA Group's related entities, international offices and representatives for the purpose of MLA Group’s business only;
(b)        external service providers (on a confidential basis and only where such service providers will be limited in their use of the information to the purpose of MLA Group’s business only). In particular, MLA Group’s database of members is maintained on a server operated by a third party, under contractual obligations of confidence;
(c)        specialist advisers to MLA Group who have been engaged to provide MLA Group with legal, administrative, financial, insurance, research, marketing or other services; and
(d)       any other person authorised, implicitly or expressly, when the personal information is provided to or collected by MLA Group.
MLA Group may also publish its disclosure practices in relation to specific products or services that it provides.
Some of MLA Group's related entities, international offices and representatives to whom it may disclose your personal information are located overseas, in regions such as the European Union and countries such as the United States, Japan, Korea, China, Indonesia, Russia, the Philippines, India, Malaysia and Vietnam.
Security of personal information
MLA Group takes reasonable steps to protect personal information it holds from misuse, loss and interference and from unauthorised access, modification or disclosure.
MLA Group will take reasonable steps to destroy or permanently de-identify personal information it holds if it is no longer needed for MLA Group's business purposes and it is permissible by law to do so or as set out under the NLIS Terms of Use in relation to NLIS Personal Information or the LPA Rules in relation to LPA Personal Information or the LDL Terms of Use in relation to the LDL Personal Information (to the extent those terms are inconsistent with this privacy policy).
Sensitive information
MLA Group does not generally collect any sensitive information as that term is used in the privacy legislation (including information relating to racial or ethnic origin, membership of political bodies, religion or trade unions, sexual preferences or activities, criminal record, state of health or medical history). MLA Group will only collect sensitive information where required by law or with consent. If MLA Group holds any sensitive information, that information will only be used and disclosed by MLA Group for the purpose for which it was provided.
If MLA Group asks for sensitive information, MLA Group will explain the reason for this request.
Access to personal information
A person may request access to personal information that MLA Group holds about them by contacting MLA, MDC or ISC using the contact details below. MLA, MDC and ISC will process such requests within a reasonable time and may charge a fee for providing access to cover the costs of verifying the application and retrieving the information requested. If MLA, MDC or ISC denies an access request, it will provide reasons for doing so.
Correction of personal information
MLA Group will take reasonable steps to ensure the personal information it holds is accurate, complete and up to date.
MLA Group should be promptly notified if there are any changes to an individual’s personal information by contacting MLA, MDC or ISC using the contact details below. A person may ask MLA Group at any time to correct personal information held by it about them. On request, MLA, MDC or ISC will take reasonable steps to correct the information so that it is accurate, complete and up to date, or will provide reasons for not doing so.
How to make a complaint
If you wish to make a complaint about a breach of this policy or the Australian Privacy Principles set out in the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth), you can contact MLA Group using the contact details below. You will need to provide sufficient details regarding your complaint as well as any supporting evidence and information.
MLA Group will refer your complaint to its Privacy Officer who will investigate the issue and determine the steps that MLA Group will undertake to resolve your complaint. MLA Group will contact you if it requires any further information from you and will notify you in writing of the outcome of the investigation. If you are not satisfied with MLA Group's determination, you can contact MLA Group to discuss your concerns or contact the Australian Privacy Commissioner via www.oaic.gov.au.
Changes to this policy
MLA Group may amend this policy from time to time, and the amended policy will be published on MLA’s or ISC’s website. Please review MLA's and ISC’s websites periodically for changes to this policy. Your continued use of MLA's or ISC’s website or services or provision of further personal information to MLA Group once this policy has been amended constitutes your acceptance of the amended policy.
Contact us
If you have any questions or concerns about this policy or MLA Group's privacy practices, please contact MLA Group by calling 1800 023 100 for MLA or emailing privacy@mla.com.au.
Part B - EU Privacy Notice
Background
This notice applies to the processing of personal data, where such processing is subject to European data protection laws, including the European Union’s (
EU
) General Data Protection Regulation (
GDPR
).
We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. If you are an individual in the EU or you are otherwise interacting with an MLA office in the EU, this notice sets out how we collect and process your personal data and our legal basis for doing so. For the purpose of applicable data protection laws, including GDPR, the data controller is Meat & Livestock Australia Ltd, The Vineyards Business Centre, 36 Gloucester Avenue, Camden Town, London, NW1 7BB, United Kingdom (
MLA).
Types of personal data collected
The personal data which MLA collects and holds will depend on the nature of your interaction with us but generally includes your name, contact details (such as your phone number, address and email address) and general information about your livestock and business operations. It may also include credit card details if you are purchasing a product, your frequent flyer details, travel insurance details, dietary requirements or information from your résumé if we require these details for an event or for responding to a job application. We will ordinarily identify at the time of collecting your personal data which elements we require to facilitate your interaction with MLA.
You may be able to deal with MLA without identifying yourself (ie anonymously or by using a pseudonym) in certain circumstances, such as when you make a general enquiry about MLA or its programs. If you wish to do so, please contact us to find out if this is practicable in your circumstances.
Method of collection of personal data
MLA generally only collects personal data if you choose to provide it yourself, for example in person, over the telephone, by post or email, via MLA's website or by completing online or hard copy forms. However, there may be occasions when MLA collects your personal data from someone else, such as when we engage a third party to assist us with membership drives or when we jointly conduct a program or event with one or more other parties.
MLA also automatically collects certain information when you visit MLA's website. Such information includes your browser type, server address, operating system type, your IP address, how and when you use the MLA website and previous websites visited. MLA uses this information on anonymous basis and does not use it to personally identify you unless required to do so by law.
You do not have to provide your personal data to MLA but, if you do not provide the information requested, MLA may not be able to manage your membership or provide you with its products and services.
Purposes and legal basis for processing your personal data
Where MLA collects personal data, MLA will state the general purposes for its use and to whom it may be disclosed, and the main consequences, if any, if the information is not provided. MLA’s main purposes and legal basis for processing your personal data may include:
(a)        providing products and services that you have requested and responding to your enquiries. We need to process your data in this way in order to perform our contractual obligations to you in relation to products and services you have requested. In relation to your enquiries, it is in our legitimate interest to use your personal data to respond to you;
(b)        administering MLA's programs and dealing with stakeholders. It is in our legitimate interest to use your information to administer our programs;
(c)        keeping MLA's members, levy payers and relevant members of the public informed of MLA’s business, the products and services that it provides and issues relating to the red meat and livestock industry. It is in our legitimate interest to contact you with news and promotional material about similar products and services provided by MLA, as long as this is in line with your marketing choices;
(d)       conducting specific projects in which you have chosen to participate. We need to process your data in this way in order to perform our contractual obligations to you in relation to the specific project;
(e)        administering competitions. We need to process your data in this way in order to perform our contractual obligations to you in relation to your entry into the competition;
(f)        administering trade shows and other events. We need to process your data in this way in order to perform our contractual obligations to you in relation to your participation in a relevant event. It is also in our legitimate interest to process your data in order to register your acceptance for, and your attendance at, an event;
(g)        including your details in publicly available databases on the MLA website. It is in MLA's legitimate business interests to maintain these databases;
(h)        sending marketing material that MLA considers will be useful (if you have consented to receiving this). If MLA is notified that a person does not wish to receive such information, it will not send it to that person. This does not apply to information that we are legally required to send, as such information does not constitute communications for a direct marketing purpose. We will only process your data for a direct marketing purpose if you have provided consent; and
(i)         complying with legal requirements. We will process your information where necessary to comply with a legal obligation to which we are subject.
Disclosure of personal data
Some of the information that you provide to us may be published in documents or databases that will be readily accessible to the public or made available to the public on request.
Depending on the product or service, your personal data may be disclosed to:
(a)        MLA's related entities, international offices and representatives for the purpose of MLA’s business only;
(b)        external service providers (on a confidential basis and such service providers will be limited in their use of the information to the purpose of MLA’s business only);
(c)        specialist advisers to MLA who have been engaged to provide MLA with legal, administrative, financial, insurance, research, marketing or other services; and
(d)       any other person authorised, implicitly or expressly, when the personal data is provided to or collected by MLA.
MLA may also publish its disclosure practices in relation to specific products or services that it provides.
Transfers and storage of personal data outside the EEA
The personal data that we collect may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (EEA), including countries which have different data protection standards from those which apply in the EEA. The countries to which your personal data may be transferred, and in which it may be stored, include Australia, the United States, Japan, Korea, non-EEA countries in Europe, China, Indonesia, Russia, the Philippines, India, Malaysia and Vietnam. Your personal data may be processed by staff outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers engaged in the processing of your personal details. We will take all reasonable and necessary steps to ensure your personal data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Notice and applicable data protection laws, and will not transfer personal data outside the EEA unless necessary to conclude or for performance of a contract with you, or in your interests, or with your consent.
Security and storage of personal data
MLA uses appropriate technical and organisational measures to ensure appropriate security of the personal data it holds, including protection against unauthorised or unlawful processing, accidental loss, destruction or damage.
MLA will take steps to destroy or anonymise personal data (so that you can no longer be identified from it) it holds if it is no longer needed for MLA's business purposes and it is permissible by law to do so.
Sensitive information
MLA does not generally collect any sensitive information as that term is used in the privacy legislation (including information relating to racial or ethnic origin, membership of political bodies, religion or trade unions, sexual preferences or activities, criminal record, state of health or medical history). MLA will only collect sensitive information where required by law or with consent. If MLA holds any sensitive personal data, that information will only be used and disclosed by MLA for the purpose for which it was provided.
If MLA asks for sensitive information, MLA will explain the reason for this.
Access to personal data
Under applicable data protection laws (to the extent they apply to our website, and to you), you have the right to:
Access
. You have the right to request a copy of the personal information we are processing about you, which we will provide back to you in electronic form. For your own privacy and security, in our discretion we may require you to prove your identity before providing the requested information. If you require multiple copies of your personal data, we may charge a reasonable administration fee.
Rectification
. You have the right to have incomplete or inaccurate personal information that we process about you corrected. Note that you can always make certain adjustments to certain personal information directly through your online account.
Deletion
. You have the right to request that we delete personal information that we process about you, except we are not obligated to do so if we need to retain such data in order to comply with a legal obligation or to establish, exercise or defend legal claims.
Restriction
. You have the right to restrict our processing of your personal information where you believe such data to be inaccurate, our processing is unlawful or that we no longer need to process such data for a particular purpose, but where we are not able to delete the data due to a legal or other obligation or because you do not wish for us to delete it.
Portability
. You have the right to obtain personal information we hold about you, in a structured, electronic format, and to transmit such data to another data controller, where this is (a) personal information which you have provided to us, and (b) if we are processing that data on the basis of your consent (such as for direct marketing communications) or to perform a contract with you.
Objection
. Where the legal justification for our processing of your personal information is our legitimate interest, you have the right to object to such processing on grounds relating to your particular situation. We will abide by your request unless we have compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests and rights, or if we need to continue to process the data for the establishment, exercise or defence of a legal claim.
Withdrawing Consent
. If you have consented to our processing of your personal information, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time, free of charge. This includes cases where you wish to opt out from marketing messages that you receive from us.
You can make any of these requests in relation to your personal data by sending the request by mail to eu.privacy@mla.com.au
How to make a complaint
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the local data protection authority if you believe that we have not complied with applicable data protection laws. If you are based in, or the issue relates to, the UK, the Information Commissioner’s Office can be contacted as follows:
Telephone: +44 0303 123 1113
Email: casework@ico.org.uk
Website: www.ico.org.uk
Web-form: www.ico.org.uk/concerns/
Address: Water Lane, Wycliffe House, Wilmslow, Cheshire, SK9 5AF
If you are based in, or the issue you would like to complain about took place, elsewhere in the EEA, please click
here
for a list of local data protection authorities in the other EEA countries.
Changes to this policy
MLA may amend this policy from time to time, and the amended policy will be published on MLA’s website. Please review MLA's website periodically for changes to this policy.
Contact MLA
If you have any questions or concerns about this policy or MLA's privacy practices, please contact MLA by calling +44 207 2849 784 (United Kingdom) or emailing eu.privacy@mla.com.au
Last updated 30 April 2021
Cooking in progress..