About the Policy
The privacy of our clients is our top priority and we respect it as our own. Even though we collect information from our clients, it is only to make an improvement in our customer services. Our company does recognise that the maintenance and use of our clients’ information is our responsibility. We DO NOT rent or sell the information that our client provides to us online.
This policy describes how the personal information of our client collected by us is used, why we collect it, and how we use it. It is within our policy that we describe the choices you can make about how we can collect and use your information.
Personal Information Collected
The information collected by our company includes the client’s name, e-mail, phone number. These are pieces of information that the client provides the company whist completing one of our enquiry forms. We may also use the email addresses which we receive through our mailing system for comments, queries etc.
Our company also maintains records of the items, which have interested our clients in the past.
Use of Collected Data
The information collected is used in many diversified methods. Our company uses the information saved by our clients to communicate with the client. Our customer services may also contact them via phone or e-mail if our company has other queries regarding any updates.
As a client, one might also receive updates regarding our site and services. In addition, we may also use the information about your interests to help our company improve our site design.
3rd Party Sharing
Personal information will not be released to third parties. There are no other circumstances under which we will provide or sell personal information to third parties.
Security of Personal Information
The information of our clients is secure, as it is protected during transmission by the use of the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) Software, which encrypts the information the client puts in.
Cookies and Their Use
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that are transferred to the clients’ computer’s hard drive through their Web browser. This enables our systems to recognise the clients’ browser during visits.
The help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will be more helpful in explaining how to prevent the browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify the user when a new cookie is received, or how to disable cookies altogether. However, cookies allow you to take full advantage of the top features at our site, and our company’s personal recommendation is that the client leaves them to be accepted.
The General Data Protection Regulation Imply
We do not transfer data to other parties that gives out your personally identifiable information. An individual’s data that you will give will be kept confidential and you will have complete know of it. This does not include our subsidiaries and trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential.
Consent
By consenting to this privacy notice you are giving us permission to process your personal data specifically for the purpose identified. Consent is required to process both types of personal data, but it must be explicity given. Where we are asking for your sensitive personal data we will always tell you why and how the information will be used. You may withdraw consent at any time by Call or Via Email as per the standard Withdrawal of Consent Procedure [ GDPR DOC 2.7A]