Collection and Use of Personal Information
Personal information is data that can be used to identify or contact a single person.
What personal information we collect
We don’t collect any personal information.
How we use your personal information
We don’t use any personal information.
Collection and Use of Non-Personal Information
We collect data in a form that does not, on its own, permit direct association with any specific individual. We may collect, use, transfer, and disclose non-personal information for any purpose.
Disclosure to Third Parties
Service Providers
We may share non-personal information with third parties who provide services such as information processing. These companies are obligated to protect the information.
Protection of Personal Information
We take the security of the personal information very seriously. So, we decided not to collect any personal information.
Access to Personal Information
To ask if we have any of your personal information you may contact us through one of the options provided at the bottom of this page.
Children & Education
We understand the importance of taking extra precautions to protect the privacy and safety of children using our products and services. Children under the age of 13, or equivalent minimum age in the relevant jurisdiction, are not permitted to provide their personal information, unless their parent provided verifiable consent.
If we learn that we have collected the personal information of a child under 13, or equivalent minimum age depending on jurisdiction, we will take steps to delete the information as soon as possible.
If at any time a parent needs to access, correct, or delete data associated with their child, they may contact us through one of the options provided at the bottom of this page.
Third‑Party Sites and Services
Our websites, products, applications, and services may contain links to third-party websites, products and services. Our products and services may also use or offer products or services from third parties.
Information collected by third parties is governed by their privacy practices. We encourage you to learn about the privacy practices of those third parties.
International Users
All the information you provide may be transferred or accessed by entities around the world depending on the actual location of their servers.
Privacy Questions
If you have any questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy or data processing, you may contact us through one of the options provided at the bottom of this page.
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time.
Contacts
Website:
http://www.anastasia-kovba.com
E-mail:
support@anastasia-kovba.com