With your agreement, we and
our 79 partners
use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website, IP addresses and cookie identifiers. Some partners do not ask for your consent to process your data and rely on their legitimate business interest. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on “Learn More” or in our Privacy Policy on this website.
We and our partners process data for the following purposes
Display non personalized ads
, Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
, Precise geolocation data, and identification through device scanning
, Research
, Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes
, Store and/or access information on a device
Learn More →
Agree and close
USER PRIVACY POLICY
Last Updated: April 25
th
2024
Brainly,
like you, cares about privacy. We hope that this Privacy Policy will help
      you understand what personal data we collect when you use Brainly’s
      website or mobile app (together, our “Platform”), how we use your personal
      data, and the rights and options you have regarding your personal
      data.
The highlighted text is intended to give you a simple summary of the more
      complicated parts of our Privacy Policy. These summaries are for your
      reference and are not a substitute for the term of the Privacy Policy.
If, after reviewing this Privacy Policy, you have any questions about
    Brainly’s use of your personal data, please contact us at
privacy@brainly.com
. By using our
    services, you acknowledge you have read, understand and agree with this
    Privacy Policy and that we collect, use, and share your information as set
    forth below.
1. What is Brainly?
2. What data does Brainly collect?
3. How does Brainly use your data?
4. With whom does Brainly share your personal data?
5. Where is your data processed?
6. For how long does Brainly store your personal data?
7. Cookies, Tracking and “Do Not Track”
8. Online Advertising and Analytics
9. Use of Artificial Intelligence and machine learning
10. What are your rights?
11. Note to Parents
12. Managing your personal data
13. Updating this policy
14. Contact us
15. Country-Specific information
1. What is Brainly?
Summary:
We help you answer questions. Through text, image,
    or voice, students can ask anything and get specific answers. Brainly is
    what the laws call a “data controller” of all personal data you share with
    us.
Brainly is a learning platform where students and parents engage with each
    other for help with homework. Parents, students, teachers, experts, and
    other people who use our Platform or create an account are bound by this
    Privacy Policy and will be referred to as “you,” “your,” or “user.”
The full name of Brainly is Brainly spółka z ograniczoną odpowiedzialnością,
    and throughout this policy we will refer to ourselves as “Brainly,” “we,”
    “our,” or “us.” Our registered office is in Krakow (post code 31-158) at ul.
    Krowoderska 63B/6, our mailing address is ul. Zabłocie 43A, floor 5, Kraków
    (post code 30-701), and our registration number in the register of
    entrepreneurs is KRS 0000354511. Brainly is considered a data controller
    pursuant to applicable data privacy laws.
Brainly has appointed a Data Protection Officer whom you can contact at
    privacy@brainly.com for all matters relating to personal data, including, in
    particular, the exercise of your rights in relation to Brainly’s processing
    of your personal data.
2. What data does Brainly collect?
Summary:
We collect information about you such as: your
    email, age, and phone number, User Content (e.g.: photos, videos, questions
    and answers posted, comments, etc.), technical information about how you
    connect to our Platform, for example the type of device you are using and
    the type of connection, payment information in connection with a purchase
    and more, as listed below.
We collect the following personal data about you:
2.1.
Information you provide to us directly
– We may collect
    personal data, such as your name, address, email, telephone number, age,
    password, payment information, any communications between you and Brainly,
    and any other information you provide directly to Brainly while using our
    Platform.
2.2.
Information provided to us by your child
– If you are a
    parent or a legal guardian of a minor (depending on your country), we may
    also collect your email, telephone number and payment information provided
    to us by your child for them to use our Platform.
2.3.
User Content
– We collect the content
    you post or otherwise submit to our Platform (“
User Content
”). User Content may include any content you post to our Platform,
    including comments on another user’s questions, and any content you provide
    through messages, chat, or other functionality.
2.4.
Information about how you connect with our Platform
– We
    may collect information about your networks and connections such as your IP
    address, location, Internet connection type, information about the hardware
    and software you use to connect to and interact with our Platform, and other
    unique identifiers, including cookie data (see Section 7 below below).
2.5.
Information collected from third parties
– We may collect
    information about your activities outside of our Platform provided to us by
    advertisers, third-party data providers or other business partners. We
    require that a third-party has a lawful right to collect, use and share your
    personal data with us. If you log in to your Brainly user account with your
    Apple, Google or Facebook account or accounts from other third-party
    services we may also receive information from these accounts. The
    information we receive depends on your settings and the privacy policies of
    such third parties.
2.6.
Payment information
– If you decide
    to make a purchase through our Platform, we may collect payment information
    in connection with such a purchase, including via third-party payment
    processors.
2.7.
Tests and research
– If you decide to
    take part in a test or research survey with our teams to provide feedback
    and help improve our Platform, we may collect your email, phone number and
    any contact information needed for the test or research survey as well as
    the recording of those interactions, if applicable. You will be required to
    provide specific consent to take part in tests and research surveys.
3. How does Brainly use your data?
Summary:
We need to use the information listed above to:
    help set up your account, communicate with you, respond to our legal
    obligations, respond to your requests, keep our Platform free of harmful
    content, show you relevant ads, make our Platform better, personalize what
    you see, and more, as listed below.
3.1.
When you register a user account to use our Platform
– We
    use necessary information about yourself when you register a user account.
    Certain features and activities on our Platform can only be accessed if you
    are a registered user. We also use your information to verify your identity.
    Please think carefully about the username you choose when you create your
    user account, because it will be visible to the public when you post a
    question or answer on our Platform.
3.2.
When you pay for a service on our Platform
– We use your
    payment-related information when you pay for a service or a subscription on
    our Platform.
3.3.
When we communicate information related to your use of our Platform
– We use your contact information (e.g., email) to contact you with
    important information related to the use or operation of our Platform or
    regarding your user account or User Content (including regarding its
    security). We also notify you about, among other things, new questions or
    answers being added to topics of interest to you or about your achievements,
    if you have given us permission to do so under account Settings ->
    Notifications.
3.4.
When we comply with our legal obligations
–We use your
    information to comply with tax or other legal obligations on our part (e.g.,
    when you make a purchase on our Platform, win a prize in a contest, confirm
    the registration of your child’s account, or in the establishment, pursuit,
    or defense of claims), we may be required to process your personal data for
    the purposes of complying with any such obligations.
3.5.
When responding to any contact, complaint, or request to exercise your
      rights
– We use your information to respond to contacts you initiate (e.g., via
    contact forms, email, or chat bots), to respond to a complaint or a request
    to exercise your rights, we use your personal data for the purpose of
    processing the complaint or request and, if applicable, for its resolution.
3.6.
When combating inappropriate behavior and promoting safety
– We examine information about the operation and use of our Platform to
    verify users and accounts, enhance security and combat inappropriate
    behavior, spam, or fraud. In doing so, we ensure our Platform is used in
    accordance with our Terms and Conditions and remains free of harmful and
    inappropriate content.
3.7.
When we share marketing content
– We
    use your information (e.g., information collected from cookies) to show you
    marketing content that can offer services and products provided by us and/or
    our business partners.
3.8.
When we improve our Platform through user analytics and user satisfaction
      surveys
– Based on analytics data about how you use our Platform (e.g. when you use
    and when you last used our Platform; which questions, answers and other
    content you view or respond to), we are able to compile statistics related
    to your use of our Platform, assess your satisfaction with the services
    offered, determine the quality of our services, and develop and improve our
    Platform. We also conduct research and surveys, issue questionnaires, test
    new products and features, and troubleshoot related issues.
3.9.
When providing customizations to you
– Based on your user
    account details (e.g., your age, interests, and program of study) and your
    activity and use of our Platform, we try to tailor our Platform to your
    individual needs and preferences. We adjust our communication style to you
    and provide you with information about our Platform’s features that may be
    of most interest to you.
3.10.
When we share aggregate/de-identified/anonymous data
– We
    may aggregate, de-identify or anonymize any information collected through
    our Platform and our services so that such information is no longer linked
    to your personal data (such as your name or email address). We may use
    aggregated and anonymized information for any purpose, including for
    research and marketing purposes, and we may also share such information with
    third parties, at our discretion.
4. To whom does Brainly disclose your data?
We may share your personal data with the following parties:
Summary:
The content that you post, and your username are
    public, so anyone visiting our platform can see it (choose your username
    carefully ;)). We may also disclose your data to other companies that
    provide services to us, such as advertisers, payment intermediaries, and
    more, as listed below.
4.1.
Persons visiting our Platform
– Most
    User Content on our Platform is public, including your profile information
    and your User Content. This means that any person visiting our Platform may
    have access to the User Content you provide to our Platform.
4.2.
Subcontractors
– We engage
    subcontractors to help process personal data. These may include hosting
    service providers, IT specialists and technicians managing our technical
    infrastructure, service providers that ensure the functionalities of our
    Platform, claims adjusters (including insurers), advertising and marketing
    companies, accounting and bookkeeping offices, and legal advisors. All
    subcontractors process personal data under contracts with Brainly and only
    in accordance with our instructions and their legal obligation.
4.3.
Advertisers, advertising agencies, and intermediaries
–
    Based on the information contained in cookies or other online identifiers
    (if they contain personal data), advertisers, advertising agencies and
    intermediaries globally participate in the process of selecting the content
    of targeted advertisements that are displayed to you on our website and on
    other platforms.
4.4.
Payment intermediaries
– If you
    purchase a subscription on our Platform, your personal data will be directly
    collected by our payment processor in order to process the transaction.
4.5.
Companies in our corporate group
– We
    may disclose personal data to our subsidiaries or parent companies included
    in the Brainly group to assist, enhance, and fulfill services on our behalf.
    We may also disclose your information if we undergo organizational
    restructuring (e.g., establish a subsidiary or merge with another entity),
    or an acquisition by another entity, or if our assets are sold or
    transferred to a third party. In such transactions (including in
    contemplation of such transactions, e.g., due diligence) your information
    may be disclosed.
4.6.
Legal compliance and protection of Brainly and others
– We
    may disclose your information if required to do so by law or on a good faith
    belief that such disclosure is permitted by this Privacy Policy or
    reasonably necessary or appropriate for any of the following reasons: (i) to
    comply with valid legal, regulatory or court requests or orders; (ii) to
    enforce this Privacy Policy or other contracts with you, including
    investigations of potential violations thereof; (iii) to respond to claims
    that any content on our Platform violates the rights of a third party; (iv)
    to respond to your requests for customer service; and/or (v) to protect the
    rights, property, or personal safety of Brainly, our agents and associates,
    and the public. This includes exchanging information with other companies
    and organizations for fraud prevention, spam/malware prevention, and other
    similar purposes.
4.7.
Other Lawful Disclosures
– Upon
    notice and consent provided by you, if applicable and where permitted by
    law, we may engage in other disclosure of your information that is not
    legally prohibited.
5. Where is your data processed?
Summary:
To run our Platform we must use computers all over
    the world. This means your personal data might be transferred anywhere we
    (or our partners) operate, such as North America, Europe, Asia, and Latin
    America.
Your personal data may be transferred to our partners or affiliates which
    are based in a different country than yours. Whenever your personal data is
    transferred, we implement legally required safeguards for your personal data
    such as requiring data recipients to sign and abide by the applicable
    Standard Contractual Clauses approved and issued in each by relevant
    authority in each jurisdiction, such as the European Commission.
6. For how long and on what basis does Brainly store your personal data?
We retain your personal data for different periods of time depending on the
    purpose for which it is processed:
Summary:
We need to keep your personal data for as long as
    you have your account (sounds obvious, right?). When your account is
    deleted, we may also need to keep certain personal data to comply with tax
    obligations, statistics to help product development, or legal obligations
    and where you have authorized us to do so otherwise, but, to the extent
    permissible and possible, this data will no longer identify you.
6.1.
Retention
– We generally retain
    personal data for so long as it may be relevant to the purposes for which it
    was collected. In determining how long to retain information, we consider
    the applicable legal requirements, and our legitimate interests. For
    example, we will maintain your account data for as long as you have an
    account with us.
6.2.
In order to perform the contract with you
– Much of our
    processing of personal data is to perform the contract we made with you when
    you subscribe to our services. For example, we handle personal data on this
    basis to process and provide your subscription.
6.3.
On the basis of a legitimate interest (ours or that of a third
      party)
– In many cases, we handle personal data on the basis of legitimate
    interests, such as to fulfill customer service requests, market our services
    to you, protect our users, personnel and property, and analyze and improve
    the Platform.
6.4.
As required
by law –
We use and disclose personal data in certain ways
    to comply with our legal obligations.
6.5.
Based on your consent –
In some other
    cases, we handle personal data based on consent.
7. Cookies, Tracking and “Do Not Track”
Summary:
We and our partners place cookies (not the
    delicious kind) or other tracking technologies on your device to make our
    products better and show you personalized ads and other contents on our
    website and app. To change your preferences, please
click here
.
When you use our Platform, even if you’re not a registered user, we and our
    third-party partners may use cookies, pixels, beacons, tags, clear GIFs, or
    similar technologies (collectively,
“cookies”
) to collect
    information such as your IP address, device IDs, cookie IDs, the type of
    device you are using, screen resolution, operating system, geographical
    data, which pages of the site you have viewed, referring and exiting URLs,
    date and timestamp, what content and advertisements you have interacted
    with, and information about how you interact with the Platform.
The types of cookies we use are:
●
Necessary cookies. These are cookies that are
    required for our site to properly function and remain secure, such as those
    that enable authentication, ensure security, set and remember your privacy
    preferences, etc. You may not opt out of our use of necessary cookies.
●
Functional cookies. These cookies remember the
    settings and interface customization you selected, e.g., the language or
    region, font size, the appearance of the website, etc.
●
Performance cookies. These cookies make it
    possible to gather information about the way the pages of our Platform are
    used and allow us to analyze such usage, such as analytics cookies.
●
Advertising cookies. These cookies allow
    advertising content, including content that is more tailored to your
    interests. Please see “Online Advertising and Analytics” below for more
    information.
●
Social media cookies. These cookies allow you
    to link your account or engage with our content on or through a social
    networking site.
You may control the setting for cookies at any time by changing the settings
    on your browser, phone and/or device. Some web browsers offer a “Do Not
    Track” privacy preference setting in the web browser. We do not currently
    recognize or respond to browser initiated “Do Not Track” signals.
To change your cookie preferences, please go
here
. (“Cookie
    Preferences” at the footer of our main page).
Our third-party partners may also use non-cookie technologies to recognize
    your computer or device and/or to collect non-personal information about
    your activity on our Platform (i.e.: (clickstream information, browser type,
    time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over). Please
    keep in mind that your web browser may not permit you to block the use of
    these non-cookie technologies, and those browser settings that block cookies
    may have no effect on such techniques.
8. Online Advertising and Analytics
Summary:
We partner with other companies that may use
    tracking technologies described above to show you advertisements about
    things that you might like. We share certain types of personal data with
    these partners, such as browser type and/or email address. To change your
    preferences, please
click here
.
8.1. Generally
– We partner with other companies that use
    cookies to tailor and serve third-party advertisements when you visit and/or
    use our Platform. These partners may collect clickstream information,
    browser type, time and date, and subject of advertisements clicked or
    scrolled over during your visits to our Platform, data listed on Section 2
    above, as well as any information you voluntarily provide to them in
    response to an ad or sponsored content link (e.g., email address), to
    provide advertisements likely to be of interest to you. We provide links to
    each of our partners’ privacy policies in our “Cookie Preferences” tool
    linked at the footer of our main page.
8.2. Online Analytics
– We may use third-party web
    analytics services on our Platform, such as Google Analytics. These service
    providers use technology to help us analyze how users use the Platform,
    including by noting the third-party website from which you arrive. The
    information (including your IP address) collected will be disclosed to or
    collected directly by these service providers. We also use analytics for
    certain purposes related to advertising, as described below. To prevent
    Google Analytics from using your information for analytics, you may install
    the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on by clicking
here
or by changing your preferences, please
click here
.
8.3. Targeted Advertising
– We may personalize the content
    and advertising that you see when using the Platform using third-party
    advertising technologies that allow for the delivery of relevant content and
    advertising on the Platform, as well as other websites you visit and other
    applications you use. The ads may be based on various factors such as the
    content of the page you are visiting, information you provide such as your
    age and gender, your searches, demographic data, and other information we
    collect from you. These ads may be based on your current activity or your
    activity over time and may be tailored to your interests. We also may
    disclose a hashed version of your email address, maid, IP address, and
    others, with third-party advertising partners for purposes of delivering
    tailored advertising. If you are interested in more information about
    tailored browser advertising and how you can generally control cookies from
    being put on your computer to deliver tailored advertising, you may visit
    the Network Advertising Initiative’s Consumer Opt-Out
link
or
    the Digital Advertising Alliance’s Consumer Opt-Out
link
to opt out
    of receiving tailored advertising from companies that participate in those
    programs. Please note that you may still receive advertisements even if you
    opt out of tailored advertising. In that case, the ads will just not be
    tailored.
8.4. Mobile
– We may also offer location-based advertising.
    To serve location-based advertising we may: (i) locate your hardware; (ii)
    record, compile and display your location; (iii) publish your location to
    third parties designated by you, (iv) collect and store device id. We also
    partner with other companies, and we provide data to these partners to
    enable them to provide location-based advertising.
9. Use of Artificial Intelligence and machine learning
Summary:
It’s important to note that we do not use your
    personal data for training models.
We may use machine learning models along with your input to generate or
    modify content for you, classify, moderate, and enhance content, and more.
    It’s important to note that we do not use your personal data for training
    models.
10. What are your rights?
Summary:
You have many rights regarding your personal data,
    for example: request a copy of your personal data, request your personal
    data to be deleted, among other things listed below. To send us a request,
    go
here
(make sure to disable any ad blocker, as this can block your request)
.
Also, You can request for your account to be deleted using the
I want to delete my account
button located inside
    the Preferences tab in
profile settings
.
To access your profile settings, navigate to your avatar in the upper right
    corner, click
“Edit Profile”
>
“Preferences”
and from there you will see the
“I want to delete my account”
button. If you are already logged in You can also click
here
.
In accordance with all applicable law, we enable you to exercise some or all
    the following rights regarding our collection, use, and sharing of your
    personal data:
●
Access the personal data we maintain about you.
●
Update or correct any inaccurate or incomplete
    personal data about you.
●
Request that we delete your personal data.
●
Object to or restrict the processing of your
    personal data.
●
Receive the personal data you have previously
    provided, in a machine-readable format, allowing you to transfer that
    personal data to another company at your discretion.
●
Not be subject to a decision based solely on
    automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects
    concerning you or similarly significantly affects you; and
●
File a complaint directly with the relevant
    Supervisory Authority about how we process your personal data.
10.1.
Exercising Your Rights
– If you
    would like to request access to your personal data, and/or request
    erasure/deletion of personal data previously provided, please click
here
. We will respond to your
    request within a reasonable timeframe. We also may require verifying your
    identity, by verifying your email.
10.2.
Opt-Out of “Sales” of Personal Data and Processing of Personal Data for
      Targeted Advertising Purposes
– Depending on your jurisdiction, you may also have the right to opt out of
    “sales” of your information and “sharing/processing of your information for
    targeted advertising.” If you would like to opt out of “sales” or “sharing”
    of personal data please
click here
. Note
    that you will need to opt out on each device you use to access the Services.
10.3.
Denial of Requests
– We may deny a
    request as permitted by applicable law. We will timely notify you regarding
    any decision and reason(s) for denial. You may have the right to appeal a
    denial of your request. Where applicable, we will provide you with
    information about the appeal process in our communications with you about
    the request.
10.4.
Requests by Agents
– You can
    designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf. To do so,
    you must provide us with written authorization for the agent to act on your
    behalf. We reserve the right to take steps to verify that the agent is
    authorized to make that request.
11. Note to parents
Summary:
We don’t allow children (according to the laws in
    your country) to create an account on our Platform without parent
    authorization.
Brainly does not knowingly collect any personal data from children under the
    age of 13 in the United States, or the age of 16 in the United Kingdom or
    Europe, or the age of 18 in India and Brazil, unless and until Brainly has
    obtained appropriate parental consent for your child to use our Platform.
    Please contact us at
privacy@brainly.com
if you believe
    we have inadvertently collected personal data of a child without proper
    consent, as required in your jurisdiction, so that we may delete such
    personal data as appropriate.
12. Managing your personal data
Summary:
You have control over the personal data you share
    with us. You can update your profile information and allow (or not) access
    to photos, camera, location. You can also unsubscribe from certain emails we
    send you.
10.1.
Profile
– you can update your
    profile information, such as your email address and password on the account
    Preferences page.
10.2.
Access to device information
– you
    can control the mobile app’s access to your device information by using your
    device’s “Settings”. For example, you can revoke the app’s permission to
    access your location, photos, and camera.
10.3.
Communication preferences
– you may
    opt-out of receiving promotional emails from us by clicking the unsubscribe
    link provided in such emails. You cannot opt out of Platform-related
    communications (e.g., account verification, payment communications,
    changes/updates to our Platform, technical and security notifications).
13. Updating this policy
Summary:
When we update this policy, changes will become
    effective 30 days after the new version is posted. If you keep using our
    Platform, we will assume you agree with the changes.
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will post the
    changes or information about them on our Platform, and we will notify you of
    major modifications by email or through our Platform. The date at the top of
    this Privacy Policy tells you when it was last updated. If we make a
    material change to this Privacy Policy, you will be provided notice in
    accordance with legal requirements. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will
    become effective and will be applicable to you 30 days after the revised
    Privacy Policy is posted. By continuing to use our Platform, you are
    confirming that you have read and understood the latest version of this
    Privacy Policy.
14. Contact us
If you have any requests, questions, comments, or concerns regarding this
    Privacy Policy or privacy practices, please contact our Data Protection
    Officer at
privacy@brainly.com
or
    by mail to our correspondence address (ul. Zabłocie 43A, floor 5, 30-701
    Kraków).
15. Country-Specific information
15.1.
India –
When you provide your mobile
    phone number, you agree to receive communications, even if this mobile
    number is registered under the DND/NCPR list under Telecom Regulatory
    Authority of India (TRAI) regulations. You may receive calls, emails,
    messages (SMS), notifications, and information from us and from third-party
    service providers for promotions, discounts and/or other messages related to
    the Platform. When you provide your mobile phone number, you authorize us to
    share/disclose it to any third-party service provider, affiliates, and group
    companies, as well as their authorized agents or third-party service
    providers.
Terms of Use
|
Contact us
How do I receive points?
About us
|