Privacy Policy
New in Chess Privacy and Cookie Policy
Last updated 13.02.2025
New In Chess knows that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly. This notice describes our privacy policy. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will process it. By visiting
newinchess.com
(the “Website”) or using our apps, you accept the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
For the purposes of data protection legislation, New In Chess ('we' or 'us') is the 'data controller' (the company responsible for and controlling the processing of your personal data).
If you are 16 or under, you must ensure that we have your parent/guardian's permission before you provide any personal information to us (including creating an account).
1 What information we collect from you?
We may collect the following information:
name
contact information including email address, phone number, and billing address
demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
2 What we do with the information we gather?
We process your personal data to provide the agreed services to you and for related legitimate business activities such as:
facilitating subscriptions, and chess content purchases;
billing you;
to help us identify you and any accounts you hold with us;
administration;
fraud prevention and detection;
customizing New in Chess and its content to your particular preferences;
to notify you of any changes to New in Chess or to our services that may affect you;
statistical analysis; and
improving our services.
We will ask for your specific consent if we additionally intend to use your information for any of the following purposes:
research and behavioral analysis;
customer profiling and analyzing your purchasing preferences;
marketing;
3 What are the purposes and legal basis for processing your personal data?
In some cases, the legal basis for processing your personal data is your consent. This is the case, for example, if you agree to us emailing you with marketing information. Any consent you provide may be withdrawn at any time by emailing dpo@playmagnus.com.
In other cases, the processing will be necessary for the purposes of providing you with the Services as referred to in our
Terms of Use
.
Also, we may process personal data in our legitimate interest in engaging, providing, and developing our services to you and other users—provided that your rights and interests do not outweigh those interests.
We may also process your data where:
This is necessary to allow us to comply with our legal obligations.
If you have previously given consent to us processing your data (for example, in relation to our sending you marketing information by email). Please note that you can freely withdraw such consent at any time by emailing nic@newinchess.com. If you withdraw your consent, and if we do not have another legal basis for processing your information, then we will stop processing your personal data. If we do have another legal basis for processing your information, then we may continue to do so subject to your legal rights. More details about your data protection rights are set out in section “Your rights”.
4 Security
We handle your personal data securely and have established procedures that satisfy the requirements set out in data protection legislation. The security measures are technical, contractual, and organizational. We conduct regular assessments of the security in all central systems used for the handling of personal data. We have also entered into agreements with our subcontractors who handle personal data on our behalf that require them to ensure appropriate information security regarding the services they provide to us.
We limit access to personal data processed in the Services to personnel who need it to carry out their tasks. We have access control mechanisms so that personal data is only available for personnel with a justifiable need.
5 Does New In Chess share the information it receives?
To achieve the purposes mentioned in this Privacy Policy and to the extent necessary, we may disclose your personal data to New in Chess' agents, service providers, and other companies within the New In Chess Group, hereunder affiliates. These third parties may include, amongst others, financial institutions, technological and analytical service providers, advertising and marketing-related partners, and other service providers.
We may also share your personal data with any corporate purchaser or prospect to the extent permitted by law as part of any merger, acquisition, sale of assets, or transition of service to another provider, as well as in the event of insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership in which personal data would be transferred as a New in Chess’ asset.
Lastly, we may share your personal data in order to comply with New in Chess' legal obligations, court orders, or other legal processes, to comply with a request from our regulators, governmental requests, or any other legally enforceable demand.
For service efficiency purposes, some of these affiliates and third parties are located in territories outside the EU/EEA, and from time to time, we may transfer your personal data to a third country not approved by the European Commission as a safe country for such transfer (adequacy decision). Whenever applicable, New in Chess will use the Standard Contractual Clauses to ensure an equivalent level of protection as granted within the EU/EEA or other lawful grounds for carrying out the said transfer.
6 How long we keep your data?
We will retain personal data for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a more extended retention period is required or permitted by law.
If you believe any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible at
nic@newinchess.com
. We will promptly correct any information found to be wrong.
If you want us to delete your record, please write to or email us at
nic@newinchess.com
, and we will erase your personal information.
7 Your rights
You have several rights regarding New in Chess's processing of your personal data. If you have any questions or want to enforce your rights, we encourage you to contact our Data Protection Office at
nic@newinchess.com
.
Below, you can see what rights you have at all times:
Right to access: You have access to the data registered on the Website and can access this data through your user account. You can edit data yourself through your user account if data is incorrect or outdated. You can also request access to what personal data we have registered about you by contacting us in writing, to the extent that this right is not restricted by applicable law. We reserve the right to require the person requesting access to verify their identity to ensure the personal data is disclosed to the right person.
Right to rectification or deletion: You have access to the data registered on the Website, and can gain access to this data through your user account. If data is incorrect or outdated, you can edit it through your user account. Please note that you cannot use the Website if you delete specific data categories. If you cannot delete or update particular data, you can request that we correct or delete them. We will, as far as possible, respond to a request to delete personal data. Still, we cannot do this if there are compelling reasons not to delete, such as storing the information for documentation purposes.
Right to withdraw consent: If you have consented to us processing your personal data to receive newsletters or other forms of marketing, you may withdraw this consent at any time. When sending newsletters, we have arranged it so that you may easily opt out of these communications by including a link to an unsubscription form in each communication.
Right to object or restrict a processing activity: Subject to certain conditions, you may have the right to object to or request that we restrict our processing of your personal data. This may be the case where we process your personal data based on our legitimate interests, for example with advertisement and personalization technologies.
Right to complain with a supervisory authority: If you disagree with how New in Chess processes your personal data, you can complain to the relevant supervisory authority.
8 How we use cookies?
A cookie is a small file that asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added, and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. By gathering and remembering information about your preferences, the web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes, and dislikes.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our Website to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes, and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide a better website by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie does not give us access to your computer or any information about you other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can modify your browser settings to decline cookies. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the Website.
9 Description of cookies
The table below is designed to provide more information about the cookies we use and why:
Name of cookie
Owner
Purpose for the cookie
Google Analytics
Google
This is a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc which uses cookies to show us how visitors found and explored our site, and how we can enhance their experience. It provides us with anonymised information about the behaviour of our visitors (e.g., how long they stayed on the site, the average number of pages viewed) and also tells us how many visitors we have had.
10 How to turn off cookies?
If you do not want to accept cookies, you can change your browser settings so cookies are not accepted. If you do this, please be aware that you may lose some of the functionality of New In Chess. For further information about cookies and how to disable them, please go to:
www.aboutcookies.org
or
www.allaboutcookies.org
.
To opt out of Google Analytics, visit this webpage: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. Third-party vendors, including Google, whose services we use, will place cookies on web browsers to serve ads based on past visits to our Website. Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user’s prior visits to your website. This allows us to make special offers and continue to market our services to those interested.
11 Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information you provide whilst visiting such sites, and this privacy statement does not govern such sites. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
12 Do not use New in Chess for private and sensitive data
We do not wish for New in Chess to be used for the processing of any sensitive data. Do not use New in Chess to share any personal contact information like your phone number or street address with any user. Do not use New in Chess to send or store any item revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, or trade union membership, and the processing of genetic data, biometric data to uniquely identify a natural person, data concerning health or data concerning a natural person's sex life or sexual orientation.
13 Changes to our Privacy Policy
We may change this Privacy Policy. Any changes we make to it in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by email or when logging into the Website.
14 Our contact details
In New In Chess, we welcome your feedback and questions. If you wish to contact us, please send a message using the
contact form
or write to us at New In Chess, Rochdalestraat 4A, 1814 TH Alkmaar, Netherlands. If you wish to contact our Data Protection Office, please send an e-mail to
nic@newinchess.com
.