Privacy Policy
Date of last revision: 19/09/2022
This Privacy Policy (hereinafter also “Policy”) describes how Beat Squad LLC, registered in G. Nzde 17, Yerevan, Armenia (
«We»
,
«Us»
), use, collect, store, disclose and protect Your personal data.
Policy shall be considered as integral part of Terms of Service (hereinafter also “Terms”, “Agreement”) located at https://drumpads24.com/legal/terms-of-service. Key terms are also defined in aforementioned Agreement.
This Policy applies to the Application and Site (hereinafter also “Resources”) or when You otherwise interact with Us.
1. Acceptance of Terms
1.1 You must be at least 16 years old (or 13 years old according to the laws of Your country) in order to use Resources. The consent also may be given by the legal representatives of child.
1.2 By installing or using the Application, accessing or using the Site in any way You irrevocably and unconditionally accept and adhere to this Policy.
1.3 This Policy does not apply to third party, including service providers, may process data when using our Resources. We are not responsible or liable for the privacy policies or practices of third party. You can read the privacy policies of third-party service providers: https://drumpads24.com/legal/third-party-service-providers
1.4 If You disagree with any provision of this Policy, You shall not use Resources in any way and such use must be ceased immediately.
2. Data collection
2.1 We and third-party service providers collect the following types of information (hereinafter also “data”):
Technical information, which does not directly identify User;
User-provided information (personal data, which User gives Us, including account information from other services) that directly relates to User.
2.2 Technical information contains:
device-specific information for developers (e.g. OS version, technical specifications, screen size, hardware identifiers);
technical identification data (e.g. Firebase ID);
specifications (e.g. Your IP, visit details);
advertising Ids.
Technical information is collected either at the time of Your use of Resources or prior sending an e-mail using Application.
2.3 User-provided information contains:
name;
e-mail address;
other contact details;
profile picture;
other info added by User.
This information is collected only upon You either enter particular information or upload it on Your own initiative using Resource’s forms and tools (e.g. Google, Facebook).
When You make in-app or online purchases, We do not collect Your billing information. This information is collected and stored by third-party service (e.g. App Store, Google Play or PayPal).
2.4 Third party collected information includes:
specifications;
advertising IDs;
billing information;
location;
сookies.
2.5. If you choose to use the front camera mode of the Go Rap app on an Apple device that supports the TrueDepth camera system, we may use face mapping data from iOS to position in-app content relative to your face. Information from the TrueDepth camera is used in real time - we don’t store this information on our servers and we don’t share it with third parties.
3. Cookies
3.1 In order to provide better service, We use Cookie-files (hereinafter - “Cookies”). These files are automatically saved to Your device during Your visit to the Site. You are entitled to remove already saved Cookies or block it at any time by changing Your web-browser settings.
3.2 Cookies store different kind of information about Your navigation, computer and browser specifications and general info about Your visit, including, but not limited to, pages You visited, date of visit, length of view of each page.
3.3 Cookies might be set by either the Site itself, or third-party services We use in our Site.
3.4 Collected personal data may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from Cookies.
3.5 We use Cookies to verify Your identity as a client, adapt the Site to suit Your needs and to collect statistics which helps Us improve Resources.
4. How We use collected data
Purposes
Legal basis for processing
to provide You with better user experience (e.g. to make custom user interface)
to process depersonalized data to investigate performance issues, bugs and any other technical issues regarding Resources
to protect Your rights and rights of the Artists
to comply with the law
to make our Resources better
Entering into and performing a contract
Legitimate interests
Compliance with a legal obligation
Legitimate interests and Cookie consent
The personal data are stored in Amsterdam, Germany and Finland for the period of using Resources until consent is withdrawn or file an effective objection, and then it will be erased.
5. Recipients of personal data:
third-party service providers;
persons and institutions that are allowed to request personal data by operation of law and also if We need to protect the rights, property, or safety of our business.
We operate internationally. If personal data are transferred to countries outside the European Economic Area (EEA), We make sure that adequate level of personal data protection is assured.
6. Your rights:
to access Your data;
to obtain a copy of Your data;
to request their erasure or rectification;
to request Your data to be ported to another controller;
not to be subject to a purely automated decision without having Your views taken into consideration;
to object to the processing, including for direct marketing purpose;
to withdraw Your consent;
to erasure (to be forgotten);
to request the restriction of data use if the processing is unlawful;
to lodge a complaint with the national supervisory authority or the
European Data Protection Board
if  You consider the processing is unlawful.
6.1. You can change data such as Name, Avatar, Description by visiting Your account profile page.
6.2 We cannot delete Your personal data except by also deleting Your user account.
6.3 We may not accommodate a request to change personal data if We believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect.
7. Security
7.1 Data are protected by different security measures including:
physical access control;
randomly-generated brute-force resistant staff passwords;
strong modern encryption of stored data;
end-to-end encryption using modern TLS (Transport Layer Security) cryptographic protocol for all connections containing data;
other safety measures to reduce the risk of unauthorized access.
7.2 You also ensure safety and security if You do not share Your password with anyone.
8. Disclosure
Technical Information
We shall be entitled to disclose any Technical Information in an impersonal way. We also may share and disclose any non-personally identifiable information We collected from You.
User-provided information
We may disclose any User-provided information or personally identifiable information only upon Your opt-in consent.
Legal reasons
We will disclose Your personal data and information We collect from You without Your consent, when We need to do so to comply with the law according to jurisdiction We operate in (e.g. disclose data to law enforcement or government authorities).
9. Changes
9.1 The latest version of this Policy is always available at
http://www.drumpads24.com/legal/privacy-policy
9.2 We may update this Policy from time to time by publishing a new version on our Site without any specific notice to You, and You agree to be bound by such amendments.
9.3 If the changes to Policy are significant, We will provide a prompt notice using all available types of notifications.
10. Contact
10.1 You may contact Us with Your requests at
privacy@drumpads24.com
or using the in-app support.
10.2 We will provide information within one month of receipt of the request. You will be informed of any response time extension, together with the reasons for the delay.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com/url?q=http://www.drumpads24.com/legal/privacy-policy&sa=D&ust=1543388687868000:
Redirect Notice
The page you were on is trying to send you to
http://www.drumpads24.com/legal/privacy-policy
.
If you do not want to visit that page, you can
return to the previous page
.