Legal
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Regional-Specific Privacy Notices
Angel Policy
Online Policies
Cricut Access Policy
Patents
Claims of Infringement
Submission Agreement
Terms & Conditions
EULA
Accessibility
Content Standards
Terms of Use
Effective Date: October 12, 2020 (v
                2.2.3)
These Terms of Use together with any documents, policies, or
    terms they incorporate by reference (“Terms of Use”) are entered into by and between you and Cricut, Inc. (“Cricut”,
    “we”, “our”, or “us”). For purposes of these Terms of Use “you” For purposes of these Terms, “you” refers to the
    individual visiting, viewing, using, or accessing the Cricut.com website and any applicable subdomains thereof, or
    any applications, mobile applications, functionalities, content, materials, SMS/texting services, or other online
    services provided by Cricut (collectively, "our Site"). These Terms of Use also govern your participation in any
    Sponsored Activity (as defined below).
Acceptance. By using or visiting our Site or
        participating in any Sponsored Activity you confirm your agreement to: (a) these Terms of Use; (b) Cricut's
        Privacy Policy, found at
https://cricut.com/en/legal#privacy-policy
; (c) End User License
        Agreement, found at
https://cricut.com/en/legal#eula
; (d) Submission Agreement, found at
https://cricut.com/en/legal#submission-agreement
and (e)
        Cricut's Angel Policy, found at
https://cricut.com/en/legal#angel-policy
. Cricut's Privacy Policy,
        End User License Agreement and Angel Policy are each incorporated by reference herein. If you do not agree to
        any of these Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy, the End User License Agreement or the Angel Policy, please do not
        use our Site or participate in any Sponsored Activity.
Although we may attempt to notify you when major changes are made to these Terms of Use, you should periodically
        review the most current version at
https://cricut.com/en/legal#terms-of-use
. Cricut may, in its sole
        discretion, modify or revise these Terms of Use and policies at any time, and you agree to be bound by such
        modifications or revisions. Nothing in these Terms of Use shall be deemed to confer any third-party rights or
        benefits.
Sponsored Activity. "
Sponsored Activity
" or "
Sponsored
            Activities
" means any and all online and offline activities sponsored by Cricut, including, without
        limitation, (a) visiting and viewing our Site and any other websites operated by Cricut; (b) submission of any
        Content (as defined below); (c) to make purchases of product or services on our Site; and (d) participation in
        any forum, project center, message board, bulletin board, internal messaging system, or social media site or
        program sponsored by Cricut.
Your Account. To access our Site, make purchases of
        products or services, or participate in any Sponsored Activity you may be asked to (a) provide certain
        registration details or other information; (b) to establish a user account specific to you ("
your Account
"). To create your Account, you must qualify under and agree to
        the conditions set forth below:
You are either 18 years old or older or the age of legal consent in your jurisdiction, whichever is
                older. We expressly reserve the right (but do not have the obligation) to request proof of age, at any
                time.
All information that you provide in your registration form for the purposes of establishing your Account
                is true and correct and you will promptly notify us of any changes to such information.
You acknowledge that in establishing your Account you have provided us with certain personal information
                about you. While we normally keep this information confidential, you agree that it may be necessary,
                from time to time, to disclose certain personal information to third parties and you consent to all such
                disclosures. Please see our Privacy Policy for further information.
Your Account is for your sole use only and must not be used by any third party. You shall not allow any
                third party to use your Account, password, log-in or user ID to access or use the Site to arrange,
                enter, and/or participate in any Sponsored Activity, or for any other purposes. We take no
                responsibility for any third party access to your Account.
You have verified and determined that your use of the Site does not violate any law or regulation in any
                jurisdiction that applies to you. It is your sole responsibility to ensure that this is the case.
You fully understand the methods, rules and procedures of the Site, and your use of the Site and
                participation in any Sponsored Activity will always comply fully with this Agreement, the Privacy Policy
                and the End User License Agreement.
You will not engage in any conduct that injures or may injure the business, reputation or goodwill of
                Cricut.
You possess the legal authority to enter into this Agreement including the authority to accept all of
                these Terms of Use.
You shall not infringe or encroach upon Cricut's or any third party's personal, contractual or
                proprietary rights, including, without limitation, patents, trademarks, copyrights, rights of privacy or
                publicity or trade secrets.
You are physically located in a U.S. state, or a jurisdiction located outside the United States, in
                which participation in Site or Sponsored Activities are not prohibited by the law of that state or
                jurisdiction.
You will not use the Site or any Sponsored Activity for fraudulent or otherwise illegal, infringing or
                disallowed purposes; should you learn that any user is using the Site or any Sponsored Activity for
                fraudulent or otherwise illegal, infringing, or disallowed purposes, you will immediately notify us.
You understand that we may monitor your Internet access location, without creating an obligation to do
                so, and may use techniques which are intended to block or restrict access from a jurisdiction in which
                participation in the Site or any Sponsored Activity is illegal or restricted.
You will not mask your identify in any way, including without limitation, IP masking by accessing the
                Site or any Sponsored Activity over any type of proxy server, through IP masking software or the like.
Use of this Site. Cricut hereby grants you permission
        to access and use our Site and to engage in Sponsored Activities subject to these Terms of Use, and provided
        that you agree:
Not to alter or modify any part of our Site;
Not to engage in the sale of access to our Site or any Content on our Site;
Not to engage in the sale of advertising, sponsorships, or promotions placed on or within our Site or
                any Content;
Not to engage in the sale of advertising, sponsorships, or promotions on any page of an ad-enabled blog
                or website containing Content delivered via our Site, unless other material not obtained from Cricut
                appears on the same page and is of sufficient value to be the basis for such sales;
Not to circumvent, disable or otherwise interfere with security-related features of our Site or any
                Sponsored Activity or features that prevent or restrict use or copying of any Content or enforce
                limitations on use of our Site or any Sponsored Activity or the Content therein;
Not to use or launch any automated system, including without limitation, "robots," "spiders," or
                "offline readers," that accesses our Site in a manner that sends more request messages to the Cricut
                servers in a given period of time than a human can reasonably produce in the same period by using a
                conventional on-line web browser;
Not to collect or harvest any personally identifiable information, including account names, from our
                Site, nor to use the communication systems provided by our Site or any Sponsored Activity (e.g., email,
                or comments or other posts in a forum or project center or on a message board, internal messaging system
                or bulletin board) for any commercial solicitation purpose; and
Not to solicit away from our Site, for commercial purposes, any users of our Site or any Sponsored
                Activity with respect to their Content.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Cricut grants the operators of public search engines permission to use spiders to
        copy materials from the Site for the sole purpose of and solely to the extent necessary for creating publicly
        available searchable indices of the Content, but not caches or archives of such Content. Cricut reserves the
        right to revoke these exceptions either generally or in specific cases. In your use of our Site or participation
        in any Sponsored Activity, you will comply with all applicable laws.
Cricut reserves the right to discontinue any aspect of our Site or any Sponsored Activity at any time. For more
        information about what constitutes a prohibited commercial use, see our
Angel Policy
.
Content. "Content" means all works of authorship and
        other materials and intellectual property developed or provided by you, Cricut or its licensors, users of our
        Site or other websites operated by Cricut, and any participants in any Sponsored Activity, including, without
        limitation, text, graphics, illustrations, still photography, slides, audiovisual combinations, animations,
        sounds, music, and motion videography. Content shall also include any Craft Materials (as defined below) and any
        HTML code or other code developed or provided by Cricut to be used in connection with our Site, other websites
        operated by Cricut, or any Sponsored Activity. As used in this Agreement, the term "Craft Materials" means any
        content created by You and is submitted by You to our Sites, as well as Your name (including professional name),
        likeness, signature, and biographical information. Craft Materials may also include, without limitation, audio,
        video, and audiovisual materials, artwork, texts, graphics, instructions, photographs, and other files that You
        submit to our Sites under this Agreement.
Restrictions
. You may not post, send, submit, publish, or
                transmit in connection with our Site or any Sponsored Activity any Content that:
You do not have the right to post, including confidential or proprietary content, material or
                        personal or financial information of any third party;
Is false, inaccurate or misleading;
Advocates illegal activity or discusses an intent to commit an illegal act;
Is vulgar, obscene, pornographic, sexually-oriented, indecent, or otherwise in violation of any
                        laws;
Does not pertain directly to our Site or the applicable Sponsored Activity;
Threatens or abuses others, libels, defames, invades privacy, stalks, or is racist, abusive,
                        harassing, threatening or offensive;
Seeks to exploit or harm children by exposing them to inappropriate Content asking for
                        personally identifiable details or otherwise;
Infringes any intellectual property or other right of any entity or person, including violating
                        anyone’s patents, trade secrets, copyrights or trademarks (including Cricut logos and other
                        Cricut trademarks) or their rights of publicity;
Violates any law or may be considered to violate any law;
Impersonates or misrepresents your connection to any other entity or person or otherwise
                        manipulates headers or identifiers to disguise the origin of the content, material or
                        information;
Includes programs which contain viruses, worms and/or Trojan horses or any other computer code,
                        files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer
                        software or hardware or telecommunications;
Disrupts the normal flow of dialogue, causes a screen to scroll faster than other users are able
                        to type, or otherwise act in a way which affects the ability of other people to engage in real
                        time activities on our Site;
Disobeys any policy or regulations established from time to time regarding use of our Site or
                        participation in any Sponsored Activities;
Contains hyperlinks to other websites that contain content that falls within the descriptions
                        set forth above;
Advertises, promotes, or solicits the donation, sale or purchase of non-Cricut products or
                        services, the distribution of non-Cricut related coupons, eBay postings etc., are prohibited;
Advertises, promotes or solicits participation in a multi-level marketing or pyramid scheme; or
Advertises, promotes, or solicits other users to join or become members of any commercial online
                        service or other organization.
Cricut reserves the right to remove any posting, discussion, message or thread containing any of the
                Content prohibited above.
Your use of Content. In addition to the general restrictions above, the following restrictions and
                conditions apply specifically to your use of Content of others. Content is provided to you AS IS and
                without any warranty. You may access Content for your information and personal use solely as intended
                through the provided functionality of our Site and any Sponsored Activity and as permitted under these
                Terms of Use. You shall not download any Content unless you see a "download" or similar link displayed
                by Cricut in connection with that Content. You shall not copy, capture, reproduce, distribute, transmit,
                broadcast, display, sell, license, or otherwise exploit any Content for any other purposes without the
                prior written consent of Cricut or the respective licensors of the Content. Cricut and its licensors
                reserve all rights not expressly granted in and to the Content.
You understand that when using our Site and participating in any Sponsored Activity, you will be exposed
                to Content from a variety of sources, and that Cricut is not responsible for the accuracy, usefulness,
                safety, or intellectual property rights of or relating to such Content. You further understand and
                acknowledge that you may be exposed to Content that is inaccurate, offensive, indecent, or
                objectionable, and you agree to waive, and hereby do waive, any legal or equitable rights or remedies
                you have or may have against Cricut with respect thereto, and, to the extent permitted by applicable
                law, agree to indemnify and hold harmless Cricut, its owners, operators, affiliates, licensors, and
                licensees to the fullest extent allowed by law regarding all matters related to your use of any Content.
Your Submissions. You grant to Cricut the limited license to original works you submit to our Site in
                order that Cricut may administer our Site, for example to copy such original works to multiple servers
                (e.g., backup servers). Cricut does not claim ownership of the original works which you submit to our
                Site. Note: Original works being defined as works that do not incorporate one or more images or fonts
                from the Cricut library, i.e., two shapes purchased and welded together to form a separate image. By
                posting or submitting to our Site or in connection with any Sponsored Activity, you automatically grant
                Cricut all rights necessary to prohibit any subsequent unauthorized aggregation, display, copying,
                duplication, reproduction, or exploitation of such Content by any party for any purpose. You also agree
                that you shall not have any right, title, or interest in Cricut’s intellectual property.
SMS / Texting Programs. By signing up for one or more
        Cricut SMS or text messaging programs, you expressly consent to receive marketing or non-marketing SMS/text
        messages, as applicable, from Cricut and others SMS/texting on its behalf, at the telephone number(s) that you
        provide (the “SMS Service”). Such consent is not a condition of any purchase.
When you opt-in to the SMS Service, we will send you an SMS message to confirm your signup.
You can cancel the SMS Service at any time. Just text “STOP” to Cricut. After you send the SMS message
                “STOP” to us, we will send you an SMS message to confirm that you have been unsubscribed. After this,
                you will no longer receive SMS messages from us. If you want to join again, just sign up as you did the
                first time and we will start sending SMS messages to you again.
If at any time you forget what keywords are supported, just text “HELP” to Cricut. After you send the
                SMS message “HELP” to us, we will respond with instructions on how to use our service as well as how to
                unsubscribe.
We are able to deliver messages to the following mobile phone carriers: AT&T, Verizon Wireless, Sprint,
                T-Mobile, U.S. Cellular, Alltel, Boost Mobile, Nextel, Virgin Mobile, ClearSky, Google Voice, C-Spire,
                Cellcom, Carolina West Wireless, Interop, NTelos, and Metro PCS.
Data rates may apply for any messages sent to you from us and to us from you.
Message frequency varies. Cricut does not guarantee that alerts will be delivered and will not be liable
                for delayed or undelivered messages.
If you have any questions regarding privacy, please read our privacy policy at
cricut.com/privacy
.
Payments. All payments to Cricut to open your Account,
        enter a contest, participate in other Sponsored Activities, or purchase other goods or services must be made
        using Pay-Pal, credit card, Apple Pay, Google Pay, Klarna, Cricut-authorized financing offers (e.g., Affirm), or other means of payment that we
        may approve from time to time. All payments to Cricut must be made from a payment source on which you are the
        named account holder. All payments to Cricut are not refundable, for any reason.
You agree that Cricut is not liable for any loss caused by any unauthorized use of your Pay-Pal Account, your
        credit card or any other method of payment by a third party in connection with our Site or any Sponsored
        Activity. You waive your right to dispute any payment made into your Account and you will personally bear all
        costs.
Any attempt to defraud our Site through the use of Pay-Pal, credit cards or other methods of payment, or any
        failure by you to honor charges or requests for payment will result in immediate termination of your Account,
        forfeiture of any prizes which you may have been awarded, and civil and/or criminal prosecution.
In the case of suspected or fraudulent payment, including use of stolen Pay-Pal credentials or credit card
        information, by anyone, or any other fraudulent activity, we reserve the right to block your Account. We shall
        be entitled to inform any relevant authorities or entities (including credit reference agencies) of any payment
        fraud or other unlawful activity, and may employ collection services to recover payments. We reserve the right
        to run credit checks on any user on the basis of the information provided to us on registration
Cricut may use third-party electronic payment processors and/or financial institutions ("ESPs") to process
        financial transactions. You irrevocably authorize us, as necessary, to instruct such ESPs to handle such
        transactions and you irrevocably agree that Cricut may give such instructions on your behalf in accordance with
        your requests as submitted with your order. You agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of use of each
        applicable ESP, and in the event or conflict between these Terms of Use and the ESP's terms and conditions then
        these Terms of Use shall govern.
Our Right to Not Accept Your Order or Cancel Your
        Purchase. Cricut reserves the right to refuse any order for whatever reason. We also reserve the right to cancel
        any purchase (an order already accepted by us) in (amongst others) the following situations, without being
        liable for any damage or costs: the product is not available/in stock (any payments will be refunded); your
        billing information is not correct or not verifiable; your order is flagged up by our security systems as an
        unusual order or an order susceptible to fraud; your bank transfer payment is not received within twelve (12)
        calendar days after acceptance of your order; we have reason to believe you are under eighteen (18); we have
        reason to believe that you are a reseller; there was an error in the price quote; or we could not deliver to the
        address provided by you.
Pricing.
Price Changes. The product prices displayed on our Site may be subject to change. Cricut reserves the
                right to change prices, on our Site and third-party sites, such as Google Play and Apple App Store,
                without notice. Subject to clause 8(b) below, the prices as displayed at the moment of purchase are the
                prices applicable to that purchase.
Pricing Errors. Please note that even though our Site is composed with care, it is possible that the
                pricing information on our Site contains errors. Cricut is not bound by our offer and we reserve the
                right to cancel your purchase in the event of such error.
Promotions. Cricut offered Sponsored Activities
        comprised of sweepstakes, contests or other promotions, which may be governed by a separate set of rules that
        describe the sweepstakes, contest or promotion and may have eligibility requirements, such as certain age or
        geographic area restrictions. It is your responsibility to read those rules to determine whether or not your
        participation, registration or entry will be valid or restricted, and to determine any requirements of You in
        connection with the applicable sweepstakes, contest or promotion.
Risk of Loss. All items purchased from Cricut are made
        pursuant to a shipment contract. This means that the risk of loss and title for such items pass to you upon our
        delivery to the carrier.
Returns. You must contact Cricut Member Care
(Contact Us Here)
within five (5) days of receipt of your order in
        order to return any purchased item. No returns will be accepted after fifteen (15) days of receipt of your
        order. We do not offer returns on opened CRICUT
®
cartridges. Any returns must be in saleable
        condition, in original packaging. Return shipping is the customer’s responsibility, unless you have received a
        damaged product or the wrong product. Damaged products must be returned and will be exchanged with same item or
        a credit given, whichever you prefer. You may be responsible for currency conversion costs associated with
        international returns. You will need an RMA number before returning any products. Returns without an RMA will
        not be accepted. Please contact us to request an RMA. After receiving an RMA, your returns must be received
        within fourteen (14) days.
Intellectual Property Rights. Unless otherwise noted,
        all Content on our Site or furnished in connection with any Sponsored Activity is subject to the copyright,
        trademark, trade dress and other intellectual property rights held by Cricut or its affiliates or by third
        parties who have licensed their Content and rights to Cricut. All such rights are protected by U.S. and
        international copyright and trademark laws. Cricut, its affiliate and licensors expressly reserve all
        intellectual property rights in all Content which appears on our Site or is furnished in connection with any
        Sponsored Activity. Access to our Site does not confer and shall not be deemed as conferring upon anyone any
        license under any of Cricut's or any third party's intellectual property rights.
The CRICUT
®
, CRICUT MAKER
®
, CRICUT EASYPRESS
®
;
        EASYPRESS
™
; CRICUT JOY
™
; INFUSIBLE INK
™
; CRICUT
        EXPLORE
®
, DESIGN SPACE
®
, CRICUT DESIGN SPACE
™
, CRICUT CRAFT
        ROOM
®
, CRICUT EXPRESSION
®
, CRICUT LOGOS, and other marks and designs and all
        related product and service names, design marks and slogans are the trademarks or service marks of Cricut. All
        other marks are the property of their respective proprietors. No trademark or service mark license is granted in
        connection with the Content contained on this website, and access to our Site does not authorize anyone to use
        any name, logo or mark in any manner. References on our Site to any names, marks, products or services of third
        parties or hypertext links to third party sites or information are provided solely as a convenience to you and
        do not in any way constitute or imply Cricut's endorsement, sponsorship or recommendation of such third party,
        or its information, products or services.
Security. You are prohibited from using any services or
        facilities provided in connection with our Site to compromise security or tamper with system resources and/or
        accounts. The use or distribution of tools designed for compromising security (e.g., password guessing programs,
        cracking tools or network probing tools) is strictly prohibited. If you become involved in any violation of
        system security, Cricut reserves the right to release your personal and account information to system
        administrators at other sites in order to assist them in resolving security incidents. Cricut reserves the right
        to fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing Cricut to
        disclose the identity of anyone posting any e-mail messages, or publishing or otherwise making available any
        materials that are believed to violate these Terms of Use. BY ACCEPTING THIS AGREEMENT YOU WAIVE AND AGREE TO
        HOLD HARMLESS CRICUT FROM ANY CLAIMS RESULTING FROM ANY ACTION TAKEN BY CRICUT DURING OR AS A RESULT OF ITS
        INVESTIGATIONS AND/OR FROM ANY ACTIONS TAKEN AS A CONSEQUENCE OF INVESTIGATIONS BY EITHER CRICUT OR LAW
        ENFORCEMENT AUTHORITIES.
Digital Millennium Copyright Act. If you are a
        copyright owner or an agent thereof and believe that any Content infringes upon your copyrights, you may submit
        a notification pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA") by providing our Copyright Agent with
        the following information in writing (see 17 U.S.C §512(c)(3) for further detail):
A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive
                right that is allegedly infringed;
Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works
                are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works;
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing
                activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled and information reasonably
                sufficient to permit Cricut to locate the material;
Information reasonably sufficient to permit Cricut to contact you, such as an address, telephone number,
                and, if available, an electronic mail;
A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is
                not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you
                are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
Cricut's designated Copyright Agent to receive notifications of claimed infringement is Cricut, Attn: Copyright
        Agent, 10855 South River Front Parkway, Suite 300, South Jordan, Utah U.S.A. 84095; email:
copyright@cricut.com
. For clarity, only DMCA notices should go to the
        Copyright Agent; any other feedback, comments, requests for technical support, and other communications should
        be directed to Cricut customer service through
https://cricut.com/contact
.
        You acknowledge that if you fail to comply with all of the requirements of this Section, your DMCA notice may
        not be valid.
Counter-Notice. If you believe that your Content that was removed (or to which access was disabled) is not
        infringing, or that you have the authorization from the copyright owner, the copyright owner's agent, or
        pursuant to the law, to post and use the material in your Content, you may send a counter-notice containing the
        following information to the Copyright Agent:
Your physical or electronic signature;
Identification of the Content that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the
                location at which the Content appeared before it was removed or disabled;
A statement that you have a good faith belief that the Content was removed or disabled as a result of
                mistake or a misidentification of the Content; and
Your name, address, telephone number, and e-mail address, a statement that you consent to the
                jurisdiction of the federal court in Salt Lake City, Utah, and a statement that you will accept service
                of process from the person who provided notification of the alleged infringement.
If a counter-notice is received by the Copyright Agent, Cricut may send a copy of the counter-notice to the
        original complaining party informing that person that it may replace the removed Content or cease disabling it
        in ten (10) business days. Unless the copyright owner files an action seeking a court order against the Content
        provider, member or user, the removed Content may be replaced, or access to it restored, in ten (10) to fourteen
        (14) business days or more after receipt of the counter-notice, at Cricut's sole discretion.
Warranty Disclaimer. YOU AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF OUR
        SITE AND YOUR PARTICIPATION IN ANY SPONSORED ACTIVITY SHALL BE AT YOUR SOLE RISK. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT
        PERMITTED BY LAW, CRICUT, ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AND AGENTS DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR
        IMPLIED, IN CONNECTION WITH OUR SITE AND YOUR PARTICIPATION IN ANY SPONSORED ACTIVITY. CRICUT MAKES NO
        WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS ABOUT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF OUR SITE'S CONTENT OR THE CONTENT OF ANY
        SITES LINKED TO OUR SITE AND ASSUMES NO LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY (A) ERRORS, MISTAKES, OR
        INACCURACIES OF CONTENT, (B) PERSONAL INJURY OR PROPERTY DAMAGE, OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER, RESULTING FROM YOUR
        ACCESS TO AND USE OF OUR SITE OR YOUR PARTICIPATION IN ANY SPONSORED ACTIVITY, (C) ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR
        USE OF OUR SECURE SERVERS AND/OR ANY AND ALL PERSONAL INFORMATION AND/OR PAYMENT ACCOUNT INFORMATION STORED
        THEREIN, (D) ANY INTERRUPTION OR CESSATION OF TRANSMISSION TO OR FROM OUR SITE OR SERVERS, (E) ANY BUGS,
        VIRUSES, TROJAN HORSES, OR THE LIKE WHICH MAY BE TRANSMITTED TO OR THROUGH OUR SITE OR SERVERS BY ANY THIRD
        PARTY, AND/OR (F) ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN ANY CONTENT OR FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND INCURRED AS A
        RESULT OF THE USE OF ANY CONTENT POSTED, EMAILED, TRANSMITTED, OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE VIA OUR SITE OR ANY
        SPONSORED ACTIVITY. CRICUT DOES NOT WARRANT, ENDORSE, GUARANTEE, OR ASSUME RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY PRODUCT OR
        SERVICE ADVERTISED OR OFFERED BY A THIRD PARTY THROUGH OUR SITE OR ANY SPONSORED ACTIVITY OR ANY HYPERLINKED
        SERVICES OR FEATURED IN ANY BANNER OR OTHER ADVERTISING, AND CRICUT WILL NOT BE A PARTY TO OR IN ANY WAY BE
        RESPONSIBLE FOR MONITORING ANY TRANSACTION BETWEEN YOU AND THIRD-PARTY PROVIDERS OF PRODUCTS OR SERVICES. AS
        WITH THE PURCHASE OF A PRODUCT OR SERVICE THROUGH ANY MEDIUM OR IN ANY ENVIRONMENT, YOU SHOULD USE YOUR BEST
        JUDGMENT AND EXERCISE CAUTION WHERE APPROPRIATE.
Limitation of Liability. IN NO EVENT SHALL CRICUT, ITS
        OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, OR AGENTS, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
        PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM ANY (A) ERRORS, MISTAKES, OR INACCURACIES OF
        CONTENT, (B) PERSONAL INJURY OR PROPERTY DAMAGE, OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER, RESULTING FROM YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE
        OF OUR SITE OR YOUR PARTICIPATION IN ANY SPONSORED ACTIVITY, (C) ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR USE OF OUR SECURE
        SERVERS AND/OR ANY AND ALL PERSONAL INFORMATION AND/OR PAYMENT ACCOUNT INFORMATION STORED THEREIN, (D) ANY
        INTERRUPTION OR CESSATION OF TRANSMISSION TO OR FROM OUR SITE OR SERVERS, (E) ANY BUGS, VIRUSES, TROJAN HORSES,
        OR THE LIKE, WHICH MAY BE TRANSMITTED TO OR THROUGH OUR SITE OR SERVERS BY ANY THIRD PARTY, AND/OR (F) ANY
        ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN ANY CONTENT OR FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND INCURRED AS A RESULT OF YOUR USE OF ANY
        CONTENT POSTED, EMAILED, TRANSMITTED, OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE VIA OUR SITE OR ANY SPONSORED ACTIVITY,
        WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT, OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, AND WHETHER OR NOT YOU OR CRICUT ARE
        ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THE FOREGOING LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL APPLY TO THE FULLEST
        EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW IN THE APPLICABLE JURISDICTION.
YOU SPECIFICALLY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT CRICUT SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR CONTENT OR THE DEFAMATORY, OFFENSIVE, OR
        ILLEGAL CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY AND THAT THE RISK OF HARM OR DAMAGE FROM THE FOREGOING RESTS ENTIRELY WITH
        YOU.
Our Site is controlled and offered by Cricut from its facilities in the United States of America. Cricut makes
        no representations that our Site or any Sponsored Activity is appropriate or available for use in other
        locations. Those who access or use our Site or participate in any Sponsored Activity from other jurisdictions do
        so at their own volition and are responsible for compliance with local law.
Indemnification. You agree to indemnify and hold
        Cricut, its subsidiaries, affiliates, licensors, content providers, service providers, employees, agents,
        officers, directors, and contractors (the "Indemnified Parties") harmless from any breach of these Terms of Use
        by you, including any use of content other than as expressly authorized in these Terms of Use. You agree that
        the Indemnified Parties shall have no liability in connection with any such breach or unauthorized use, and you
        agree to indemnify any and all resulting loss, damages, judgments, awards, costs, expenses, and attorney's fees
        of the Indemnified Parties in connection therewith. You also agree to indemnify and hold the Indemnified Parties
        harmless from and against any claims brought by third parties arising out of your use of the information,
        Content and services accessed from our Site.
Choice of Law, Jurisdiction. These Terms and Conditions
        supersede any other agreement between you and Cricut to the extent necessary to resolve any inconsistency or
        ambiguity between them. Our Site is administered by Cricut from its offices in Utah. These Terms of Use shall be
        governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Utah, without giving effect to any
        principles of conflicts of laws. Any action seeking legal or equitable relief arising out of or relating to our
        Site shall be brought only in the courts of the State of Utah or the United States District Court for the
        District of Utah. A printed version of these Terms of Use shall be admissible in judicial and administrative
        proceedings based upon or relating to these Terms of Use to the same extent and subject to the same conditions
        as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form.
Ability to Accept Terms of Use. You affirm that you are
        either more than eighteen (18) years of age, or an emancipated minor, or possess legal parental or guardian
        consent, and are fully able and competent to enter into the terms, conditions, obligations, affirmations,
        representations, and warranties set forth in these Terms of Use, and to abide by and comply with these Terms of
        Use. In any case, you affirm that you are over the age of thirteen (13), as our Site and the Sponsored
        Activities are not intended for children under thirteen (13). If you are under thirteen (13) years of age, then
        please do not use our Site or engage in any Sponsored Activity. There are many other great websites for you.
        Talk to your parents about what sites are appropriate for you.
Assignment. These Terms of Use, and any rights and
        licenses granted hereunder, may not be transferred or assigned by you, but may be assigned by Cricut without
        restriction.
Termination. You or we may suspend or terminate your
        account or your use of our Site at any time, for any reason or for no reason. You are personally liable for any
        orders that you place or charges that you incur prior to termination. We reserve the right to change, suspend,
        or discontinue all or any aspect of our Site at any time without notice.
General. You agree that the Site and Sponsored
        Activities shall be deemed solely based in Utah and that our Site the Sponsored Activities shall not give rise
        to personal jurisdiction over Cricut, either specific or general, in jurisdictions other than Utah. These Terms
        of Use, together with the Privacy Policy, the Angel Policy, the End User License Agreement and any other legal
        notices published by Cricut on our Site, shall constitute the entire agreement between you and Cricut concerning
        our Site. If any provision of these Terms of Use is deemed invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction, the
        invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these Terms of Use,
        which shall remain in full force and effect. No waiver of any term of these Terms of Use shall be deemed a
        further or continuing waiver of such term or any other term, and Cricut's failure to assert any right or
        provision under these Terms of Use shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. Cricut reserves the
        right to amend these Terms of Use at any time and without notice, and it is your responsibility to review these
        Terms of Use for any changes. Your use of the Service following any amendment of these Terms of Use will signify
        your assent to and acceptance of its revised terms. YOU AND CRICUT AGREE THAT ANY CAUSE OF ACTION ARISING OUT OF
        OR RELATED TO THE SERVICES MUST COMMENCE WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR AFTER THE CAUSE OF ACTION ACCRUES. OTHERWISE, SUCH
        CAUSE OF ACTION IS PERMANENTLY BARRED.
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: March 31, 2022
                (v.2.0.0)
When you use our Services, your privacy matters.
Cricut respects your privacy. Our aim is for you to feel
    informed. The Privacy Policy of Cricut, Inc. (“
Cricut
,” “
we
,”
    “
our
,” and/or “
us
”) describes what Personal Information we collect from or about
    individuals who use our Services and how it is used and shared, and your rights and choices regarding our use of
    Personal Information. As you review this Privacy Policy, keep in mind that it applies to all our Services. This
    Privacy Policy constitutes an integral part of the Terms of Use that govern your use of the https://cricut.com
    website (“
our Site
”) and related services and Cricut products (collectively, our
    “
Services
”).
For additional regional disclosures, please see our
Regional-Specific Privacy Notices page
.
For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “
Personal
        Information
” means any information relating to an identified or identifiable individual. PLEASE READ
    THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY BEFORE USING OUR SERVICES. By using our Services, you acknowledge that you have read
    this Privacy Policy, and agree to be bound by it. If you do not agree to any of the procedures described in this
    Privacy Policy, please refrain from using our Services.
Personal Information we collect
Personal Information you provide to us. Many areas and features on our Services do not require
                registration and may be accessed by you without having to disclose any Personal Information. However, to
                the extent you voluntarily provide your Personal Information to us, we collect such Personal
                Information. For example, we collect Personal Information from you:
When you register to become a member on our Services (in such event, we collect your first and
                        last name, email address, password, country of residence, and commercial information, such as
                        Cricut products purchased).
When you register to participate in an event, contest, or sweepstakes (in such event, we collect
                        your first and last name, email address, phone number, and mailing address).
When you join our electronic mailing list (in such event, we collect your first and last name
                        and email address). If we send you emails, we may track whether you open them to learn how to
                        deliver a better customer experience and improve our Services.
When you purchase a product or service from us online (in such event, a third-party service
                        provider that handles payments for us collects your credit card, bank account, or other payment
                        account information in order for us to accept, process, manage, and fulfill a purchase order as
                        well as to process a return and refund request from you after the purchase).
When you submit a request or inquiry to us on our Services, such as when you interact with
                        Member Care (in such event, we collect details regarding your interactions with Member Care,
                        such as the date, time, and reason for contacting us, transcripts of any chat conversations, and
                        if you call us, your phone number).
If you decide to apply for a job with us, you may submit your contact information and your
                        resume online. We will collect the Personal Information you choose to provide us as part of your
                        job application, such as your contact information, education, and employment experience. If you
                        apply for a job with us through a third-party platform, we will collect the Personal Information
                        you make available to us through such third-party platform.
Each of the above means of furnishing Personal Information is referred to
                    as a “
Transaction or Request
.” You control the decision to disclose your Personal
                    Information. However, without your Personal Information, we will not be able to process your
                    Transaction or Request.
Personal Information we collect when you use our Services. We collect Personal Information about user
                activities on our Services. For example, our Services automatically collect and log:
“Clickstream data” or usage data for all visitors to our Services, such as IP addresses (which
                        are numerical numbers that are automatically assigned to users’ computers and mobile devices
                        when they are surfing the Internet), page requests, pages visited, content viewed, clicks and
                        search queries made, etc. This user activity information includes your activity on Design Space
                        such as selections, design history and search queries, etc. We also use cookies and web beacons
                        to collect user activity information on our Services (see Section 6 below for more information).
Device information about your machine(s) used to access or use our Services, such as web browser
                        type, operating system version, phone carrier and manufacturer, application installations,
                        device identifiers, mobile advertising identifiers, and push notification tokens.
Location information inferred from the general location of our users’ devices when they use our
                        Services. For example, your IP address may indicate your general geographic region.
Personal Information we receive from third parties.
You may also post photos, comments, or reviews on our pages available through third-party
                        platforms, including Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, or Instagram. If you do so or if you
                        otherwise provide Personal Information to our ads hosted on third-party platforms, we and other
                        users may be able to view the Personal Information you make available through these third-party
                        platforms.
We may receive additional Personal Information about you, such as demographic information, from
                        third parties, like data or marketing partners and combine it with other information we have
                        about you.
Our use of Personal Information
We use Personal Information for the following purposes:
To provide, maintain, enhance, and improve our products and our Services.
To improve the pages and content of our Services.
To administer and maintain operations of our Services.
To communicate to our users and members.
To administer and manage transactions and relationships with our users and members. For example, if you:
Provide Personal Information to us in connection with a Transaction or Request we will use your
                        Personal Information to process, administer, manage, and communicate with you regarding, such
                        Transaction or Request.
Register as a member on our Services, we will use your Personal Information to set up,
                        administer, service, and communicate with you regarding, your account.
Register to participate in an event, contest, or sweepstakes, we will use your Personal
                        Information to process your entry and to conduct and administer the event (including, in the
                        case of a contest or sweepstakes, communicating with you in the event you are selected as a
                        winner).
Join our electronic mailing list, we will use your Personal Information to send you our
                        electronic communications, including our newsletters and our company announcements, notices, and
                        updates.
Purchase a product from us, we will use your Personal Information to process and fulfill your
                        order, to communicate with you regarding the same, and to provide member care to you
Submit a request or inquiry to us, we will use your Personal Information to respond to your
                        request or inquiry.
Provide your email address or mailing address to us, we may use such address to send you notices
                        of a transactional, administrative, or relationship nature or as required by law, such as notice
                        of a material change in this Privacy Policy and/or the Terms of Use for our Services, notice of
                        a security breach that affects your Personal Information stored by or for us, etc.
For marketing and advertising purposes, such as developing and providing promotional and advertising
                materials that may be useful, relevant, valuable, or otherwise of interest to you.
To personalize your experience on our Services, such as presenting tailored content.
To de-identify, anonymize and/or aggregate Personal Information collected through our Services and use
                it for our business purposes.
To find and prevent fraud and respond to trust and safety issues that may arise.
For compliance purposes, including enforcing our Terms of Use or other legal rights, or as may be
                required by applicable laws and regulations or requested by any judicial process or governmental agency;
                and
For other purposes for which we provide specific notice at the time the Personal Information is
                collected
Disclosure to Third Parties outside Cricut
We share or otherwise disclose Personal Information we collect from or about you as described below or otherwise
        disclosed at the time of the collection.
Disclosure to Affiliates. We may share any Personal Information we receive with our affiliates for any
                of the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
Disclosure to Co-Sponsors. From time to time, we may co-sponsor (online and offline) events and/or
                product/service offerings with non-affiliated third parties. If you participate in such co-sponsored
                events or offerings, any Personal Information we collect from you based on your participation may be
                shared with our co-sponsors who may use such Personal Information for their own marketing and
                advertising purposes.
Disclosure to Service Providers. We may disclose your Personal Information to our outside vendors,
                service providers and contractors who need to access such Personal Information in order to perform their
                services (including, without limitation, transaction/payment processing, financing offers, order
                fulfillment, survey/contest/sweepstakes administration and prize fulfillment, data research and
                analysis, data collection and processing, data storage, data security, hosting and technical support for
                our Services, and marketing and advertising support) to us (hereinafter collectively as “
Service
                    Providers
”). For example, we may use a marketing firm to conduct online surveys from time
                to time.
Disclosure to Other Users. Please note that any Personal Information that you post in any public,
                community, or interactive areas on our Services (e.g., chat rooms, bulletin boards, message boards, and
                discussion groups) will be accessible to, and may be collected and used by, others and may result in
                unsolicited or unwanted messages or contact from others. Accordingly, please exercise caution when
                providing Personal Information in any public, community, or interactive areas on our Services.
Disclosure to Analytics Partners. We use analytics services such as Google Analytics to collect and
                process certain analytics data. These services may also collect Personal Information about your use of
                other websites, apps, and online resources. You can learn about Google’s practices by going to
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
and opt-out of them by downloading the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on, available at
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
.
Disclosure to Advertising Partners. We work with third-party advertising partners to show you ads that
                we think may interest you. These advertising partners may set and access their own cookies, pixel tags
                and similar technologies on our Services and they may otherwise collect or have access to your Personal
                Information which they may collect over time and across different online services. Some of our
                advertising partners are members of the Network Advertising Initiative
(https://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1#!/)
or Digital Advertising Alliance
(https://optout.aboutads.info/?c=2&lang=EN)
. If
                you do not wish to receive personalized ads, please visit their opt-out pages to learn about how you may
                opt out of receiving web-based personalized ads from member companies.
Disclosure As Required by Law and Similar Circumstances. We may access, preserve, and disclose your
                Personal Information to others if doing so is required by law or, in our good faith belief, is
                reasonably necessary to: (i) comply with legal process (including a court order or subpoena); (ii)
                cooperate with law enforcement; (iii) enforce this Privacy Policy and/or the Terms of Use for our
                Services; (iv) respond to an emergency; or (v) protect the rights, property, or safety of Cricut, one or
                more members of our users and members, and/or the public.
Disclosure in a Merger, Sale, or Other Asset Transfers. In addition, we may disclose and transfer your
                Personal Information to service providers, advisors, potential transactional partners, or other third
                parties in connection with the consideration, negotiation, or completion of a corporate transaction in
                which we (or parts of our businesses) are sold or transferred to, merged with, or acquired by a third
                party. Upon such transfer, the privacy policy of the acquiring entity may govern the further use of your
                Personal Information.
Disclosure with Consent. We may also disclose Personal Information from or about you or your devices
                with your permission.
Your Choices
Information Access. If you wish to check, update, or correct your Personal Information (such as name,
                address, phone number, or payment information) previously provided to us, you may send your request to
                us via email at
privacyrequest@cricut.com
or via postal
                mail at Cricut, Inc. Attn: Privacy Data Processor, 10855 South River Front Parkway, Suite 300, South
                Jordan, Utah U.S.A. 84095. We will endeavor to process your request as soon as possible after receipt.
                Also, if you have an active account on our Services, you may log in to your account to review, update,
                and correct your account information. For other Personal Information, we will provide you with access,
                except as follows; (i) we may decline to process requests that are frivolous/vexatious, jeopardize the
                privacy of others, are extremely impractical, or for which access is not otherwise required by law.
Opt-Out for Email Marketing. You can unsubscribe from receiving marketing emails from us by sending your
                request to us via email at privacyrequest@cricut.com or via postal mail at Cricut, Inc. Attn: Privacy
                Data Processor, 10855 South River Front Parkway, Suite 300, South Jordan, Utah U.S.A. 84095, or by using
                any opt-out means (e.g., an “unsubscribe” link) provided in a marketing email. Please note, however,
                that unsubscribing will not stop email communications from us relating to your Transaction or Request,
                of a transactional, administrative or relationship nature, or as required by law, such as notice of a
                material change in this Privacy Policy and/or the Terms of Use for our Services.
Cancellation of Account/Deletion of Information. If you wish to cancel your account on our Services and
                delete your Personal Information previously provided to us, you may do so by (1)
logging into your Cricut account
and selecting “Delete Account”, or
                (2) sending your request in writing to us via email at
privacydelete@cricut.com
. Doing so by way of your Cricut
                account settings happens systematically, whereas doing so via e-mail may require identity verification
                and will be processed as soon as possible after receipt. Notwithstanding the above, we reserve the right
                to retain your Personal Information if doing so is required by law or to comply with legal process
                (including a court order or subpoena), a legitimate law enforcement need, or for legitimate business
                purposes.
Regional-Specific Privacy Rights. For additional disclosures of your privacy rights for residents in
                specific regions or countries, including California, the European Economic Area (EEA) & United Kingdom
                (UK), and the mainland of People’s Republic of China, please review our
Regional-Specific Privacy Notices page
.
Data Retention
We make it a priority to protect your Personal Information and to use it in the way our members would expect
            us to. Your Personal Information is retained to allow for financial transactions and to allow Cricut to
            provide our Services for up to 5 years after you have actively engaged with our Services, or until you
            request otherwise, unless we are required by law to keep this Personal Information for a longer period. When
            determining the specific retention period, we take into account various criteria, such as the type of
            service provided to you, the nature and length of our relationship with you, and mandatory retention periods
            provided by law and the statute of limitations.
Security
Cricut understands the importance of protecting the security and integrity of Personal Information shared
            with us and will endeavor to safeguard your Personal Information. It is also important for you to protect
            against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. We urge you to keep your account login
            information in a safe place and not to divulge it to anyone. Also, remember to sign off your account and
            close your browser window when you have finished your visit. This is to ensure that others cannot access
            your account, especially if you are sharing a computer with someone else or are using a computer in a public
            place such as a library or an Internet cafe.
Unfortunately, however, no data transmission over
            the Internet and no data storage can be 100% secure. Consequently, while Cricut will endeavor to safeguard
            your Personal Information, Cricut cannot guarantee the absolute security of such Personal Information.
Use of Cookies & Similar Tracking Technologies
We treat information collected by cookies and other
            technologies (such as pixel tags and web beacons) as non-personal information. However, to the extent that
            Internet Protocol (IP) addresses or similar identifiers are considered Personal Information by local law, we
            also treat these identifiers as Personal Information.
Cookies. We may send cookies, which are small pieces
            of data, to your web browser to facilitate your use of our Services. Cookies help us deliver content
            specific to your interests and permit our servers to recall information from your prior visits to our
            Services. Cookies are also used to direct members to social ads and initiate emails based on your shopping
            preferences. We may use information collected from cookies together with Personal Information we have
            collected from you. You can choose whether to accept cookies by adjusting the settings of your browser. If
            your browser is set to reject cookies, you may not have full functionality of all areas within our Services.
            By using our Services, you consent to our use of cookies and our processing of Personal Information
            collected through such cookies, in accordance with this Privacy Policy. You can withdraw your consent at any
            time by deleting placed cookies and disabling cookies in your browser, or as explained below. You can change
            your browser settings to block or notify you when you receive a cookie, delete cookies, or browse our
            Services using your browser’s anonymous usage setting. Please refer to your browser instructions or help
            screen to learn more about how to adjust or modify your browser settings. If you do not agree to our use of
            cookies or similar technologies which store information on your device, you should change your browser
            settings accordingly
Below is an overview of the types of cookies we and
            third parties may use to collect information.
Strictly necessary cookies.
Some cookies are strictly necessary to make our Services
                available to you. We cannot provide you with our Services without this type of cookies.
Functional cookies.
These are used to recognize you when you return to our Services.
                This enables us to adapt our content for you, and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of
                language or region).
Analytical or Performance cookies.
We also use cookies for website and app analytics
                purposes in order to operate, maintain and improve our Services. We may use our own analytics cookies or
                use third party analytics providers such as Google Analytics to collect and process certain analytics
                data on our behalf. These providers may also collect information about your use of other websites, apps,
                and online resources.
Where required by local law, we obtain your consent
            to use cookies.
Web Beacons. Web beacons are small bits of code
            embedded in web pages or in emails. We may use web beacons to deliver or communicate with cookies, to count
            users who have visited a web page, and to understand usage patterns. We also may include web beacons in
            emails to learn if messages have been opened, acted on, or forwarded. Web beacons cannot be declined when
            delivered via a regular web page. However, web beacons can be refused when delivered via email. If you do
            not wish to receive web beacons via email, you will need to disable HTML images or refuse HTML (select Text
            only) emails via your email software.
Third-Party Advertisements. We also may use
            third-party advertisements and advertisers on our Services. Some of these advertisers may use technology
            such as cookies and web beacons when they advertise on our Services, which will also send these advertisers
            (such as Google through the Google AdSense program) information including your IP address, your ISP, and the
            browser you used to visit our site. This is generally used for geotargeting purposes (showing New York real
            estate ads to someone in New York, for example) or showing certain ads based on specific sites visited (such
            as showing cooking ads to someone who frequents cooking sites).
Third-party Websites and Third-party Applications
Our Services may (i) contain links to third-party
            sites; and (ii) include applications that are developed and hosted by third parties that are not owned or
            controlled by or affiliated with Cricut. Cricut is not responsible for the privacy practices of such
            third-party sites or applications. Once you enter such a third-party site or enlist such a third-party
            application, this Privacy Policy will no longer apply, and any Personal Information collected from or about
            you on that third-party site will be governed by the privacy policy of that third-party. You access such
            third-party sites and applications entirely at your own risk. We encourage you to read the privacy policy
            for a third-party site and application before disclosing any Personal Information on such site.
International Visitors
Our Services are hosted in the United States and
            intended for visitors located within the United States. If you choose to use our Services from the European
            Economic Area, the United Kingdom, or other countries or regions of the world (“
Other
                Regions
”) with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, then
            please note that you are transferring your Personal Information outside of those regions to the United
            States for storage and processing. We may transfer Personal Information from Other Regions to the United
            States as needed to perform our Services that you have requested from us, or with your consent. Also, we may
            transfer your data from the U.S. to Other Regions in connection with storage and processing of data,
            fulfilling your requests, and operating our Services. By providing any Personal Information on or to our
            Services, you consent to such transfer, storage, and processing.
For additional disclosures for specific regions or
            countries, please review our
Regional-Specific
                Privacy Notices page
.
Children’s Privacy
Our Services are not designed or intended for
            children under the age of 18 years of age, and we do not knowingly collect, maintain, or use Personal
            Information from children under 18. Children under the age of 18 are not permitted to register on our
            Services. If you learn that a child has provided us with Personal Information in violation of this Privacy
            Policy, then you may alert us at
privacyrequest@cricut.com
.
Changes to Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy
            from time to time in our sole discretion. For example, we may amend this Privacy Policy in order to address
            new developments in applicable consumer privacy laws, or to conform to changing industry practices. If we
            materially change the ways in which we use or share Personal Information previously collected from you
            through our Services, we will announce and post such changes on our Services for the general public. If you
            are a registered user, we may also notify you of the changes via email and may ask you to affirmatively
            consent to and accept the changes at the time of your next account login on our Services. By continuing to
            use our Services, you are bound by this Privacy Policy as modified.
Our Contact Information
Should you have questions about this Privacy Policy
            or our Personal Information collection, use and disclosure practices, you may contact us as follows:
privacyrequest@cricut.com
or via postal mail at Cricut,
            Inc., Attn: Privacy Data Processor, 10855 South River Front Parkway, South Jordan, Utah 84095, USA.
Regional-Specific Privacy Notices
California
European Economic Area (EEA) & United Kingdom
        (UK)
People’s Republic of
        China
Notice to California Residents – Your Privacy Rights
Effective Date: March 31, 2022
If you are a California resident, you may exercise the
        rights described in this “Notice to California Residents” section with respect to Personal Information (as
        defined by the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (California Civil Code §§ 1798.100 to 1798.199) and its
        implementing regulations, as amended or superseded from time to time (“CCPA”) that we collect as a business
        under California law.
The chart below provides the categories of Personal
        Information (as defined by the CCPA) we have collected and disclosed to third parties, and the categories of
        third parties with whom we shared Personal Information. The examples of Personal Information provided for each
        category reflect each category’s statutory definition and may not reflect all of the specific types of Personal
        Information associated with each category.
Category
Categories of Third Parties with Whom We Share
                        Personal Information
A. Identifiers
Examples:
Name, unique personal
                        identifier, online identifier, IP address, email address, account name, or other similar
                        identifiers.
Affiliates
Co-Sponsor Partners
Service Providers, including
                            operating systems and internet service providers
Analytics Providers
Advertising Providers
Third Parties as directed by
                            consumers, in a merger, or as required by law
B. Categories of Personal
                            Information in Cal. Civ. Code Section 1798.80(e)
Examples:
Name, telephone
                        number, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial
                        information.
Affiliates
Service Providers, including
                            operating systems and internet service providers
Third Parties as directed by
                            consumers, in a merger, or as required by law
C. Commercial
                            Information
Examples:
Products or services
                        purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Affiliates
Co-Sponsor Partners
Service Providers, including
                            operating systems and internet service providers
Analytics Providers
Advertising Providers
Third Parties as directed by
                            consumers, in a merger, or as required by law
D. Internet or Other Electronic
                            Network Activity Information
Examples:
Information regarding
                        a consumer’s interaction with our services, including page requests, pages visited, content
                        viewed, clicks and search queries made, your activity on Design Space such as selections, design
                        history or search queries.
Affiliates
Service Providers, including
                            operating systems and internet service providers
Analytics Providers
Advertising Providers
Third Parties as directed by
                            consumers, in a merger, or as required by law
E. Professional or
                            Employment-Related Information
Examples:
If you choose to
                        apply for a job with us, the professional or employment-related information on your resume or
                        similar information.
Affiliates
Service Providers, including
                            operating systems and internet service providers
Third Parties as directed by
                            consumers, in a merger, or as required by law
F. Inferences Drawn from
                            Personal Information
Examples:
Consumer profiles
                        reflecting a consumer’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions,
                        behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
Affiliates
Co-Sponsor Partners
Service Providers, including
                            operating systems and internet service providers
Analytics Providers
Advertising Providers
Third Parties as directed by
                            consumers, in a merger, or as required by law
We share certain categories of Personal Information with
        third parties to provide personalized online advertising. Under the CCPA, some of this information sharing may
        be broadly considered a “sale” of Personal Information. Except for this type of sharing, we do not sell your
        Personal Information. We share Identifiers (such as IP address and online identifiers), Internet or Other
        Electronic Network Activity Information, and Commercial Information with third parties for these purposes. You
        can opt out of the sale of your Personal Information as described below.
Right to Know and Access Personal
                    Information
You may submit a verifiable request to be informed about the (1) categories of Personal Information
                collected, sold, or disclosed by us, (2) purposes for which categories of Personal Information are
                collected, (3) categories of sources from which we collect Personal Information, (4) categories of third
                parties with whom we disclosed or sold Personal Information, and (5) specific pieces of Personal
                Information that we collected about you during the prior twelve months.
Right to Request Deletion of Personal
                    Information
Subject to certain exceptions, you may submit a verifiable request that we delete the Personal
                Information about you that we collected from you. In order to do this, you can log into your Cricut
                account and select “Delete Account”.
Verification
Requests for access to or deletion of Personal Information are subject to our ability to reasonably
                verify your identify in light of the information requested and pursuant to relevant CCPA requirements,
                limitations, and regulations. To verify your access or deletion request, please authenticate your
                identity by emailing us at
privacyrequest@cricut.com
with
                your name, mailing address, email address, and phone number in your request and we will reach out to
                you.
Right to Opt-Out of the Sale of Personal
                    Information
You have the right to opt-out of the sale of your Personal Information. The CCPA defines “sale” very
                broadly to cover common industry practices, including providing you with a customized experience on our
                websites and apps. You may opt out of the sharing activities that meet the CCPA’s definition of “sale.”
                Cricut, however, does not sell your Personal Information to third-party. If you have any other concerns
                under this sub-section, please email us at
privacyrequest@cricut.com
.
Right to Equal Service and
                    Price
You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by a business for the exercise of your CCPA
                privacy rights, subject to certain limitations.
Submit Requests
If you are a California resident and would like to exercise your rights under the CCPA, for the Right to
                Request Deletion of Personal Information, please log into your Cricut account and select “Delete
                Account”; for all other requests, please send your request by emailing us at
privacyrequest@cricut.com
.
Authorizing an Agent
An authorized agent may submit a request on your behalf by sending a written authorization signed by you
                to
privacyrequest@cricut.com
. We may still require you to
                directly verify your identity and confirm that you provided the authorized agent permission to submit
                the request.
Do Not Track
There is no accepted standard on how to respond to Do Not Track signals, and we do not respond to such
                signals.
Shine the Light
We do not sell or share Personal Information with non-affiliated third parties.
Notice to EEA and UK Residents – Your Privacy Rights
Effective Date: March 31, 2022
Legal Bases for Processing European
                    Personal Information
If you are located in the European Economic Area
                or the United Kingdom, we only process your Personal Information when we have a valid “legal basis”,
                including when:
Consent.
You have consented to the
                    use of your Personal Information, for example to use Cookies.
Contractual necessity.
We need
                    your Personal Information to provide you with our Services, for example to respond to your
                    inquiries.
Compliance with a legal
                        obligation.
We have a legal obligation to use your Personal Information, for example to
                    comply with tax and accounting obligations.
Legitimate interests.
We or a
                    third party have a legitimate interest in using your Personal Information. In particular, we have a
                    legitimate interest in using your Personal Information for product development and internal
                    analytics purposes, and otherwise to improve the safety, security, and performance of our Services.
                    We only rely on our or a third party’s legitimate interests to process your Personal Information
                    when these interests are not overridden by your rights and interests.
EEA and UK Residents - Your legal
                    rights
If you are located in the European Economic Area
                or the United Kingdom, you have the rights described below:
The right to request access to a copy of
                    the Personal Information we are holding about you
The right to request that the Personal
                    Information we are holding about you be updated/corrected
The right to request erasure of the
                    Personal Information we hold about you
The right to request that we restrict the
                    processing of the Personal Information we hold about you
The right to object to our processing of
                    your Personal Information on the basis of our legitimate interests
The right to object to processing for
                    direct marketing
The right to request that your Personal
                    Information be transferred to you or another provider
The right to withdraw any consent you
                    previously provided to us regarding the processing of your Personal Information, at any time and
                    free of charge. We will apply your preferences going forward and this will not affect the lawfulness
                    of the processing before you withdrew your consent
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set
                out above, please contact us using the details below. Before meeting your request, we may ask you to
                provide reasonable information to verify your identity. Please note that there are exceptions and
                limitations to each of these rights, and that while any changes you make will be reflected in active
                user databases instantly or within a reasonable period of time, we may retain information for backups,
                archiving, prevention of fraud and abuse, analytics, satisfaction of legal obligations, or where we
                otherwise reasonably believe that we have a legitimate reason to do so.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint
                with a supervisory authority, including in your country of residence, place of work or where an incident
                took place. We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach a
                supervisory authority. Please contact us first before escalating your complaint.
Notice to Residents of the People’s Republic of China– Your Privacy Rights
PIPL Privacy Policy
Effective Date: October 31,
                            2021
This Privacy Policy (the
        “
Policy
”) applies to the handling of Personal Information, subject to the Personal Information
        Protection Law of the People’s Republic of China (“
China
”), by Cricut, Inc. and its
        subsidiaries and affiliates (“
Company
,” “
we
,” “
our
,” or
        “
us
”) through its website, products, and services (the “
Services
”). It
        describes how we collect, use, and disclose such Personal Information, your rights and choices with respect to
        your Personal Information, and how you can contact us if you have any questions or concerns.
Personal Information We Collect
In this Policy, “
Personal Information
” means any information relating to an identified
                or identifiable individual. We may collect Personal Information about you from various sources described
                below.
Information
                Provided by You
Account Information
. If you create
                    an account to use our Services, we collect Personal Information related to its creation and the
                    usage of our Services via this account. When you sign up, you may provide us with your name, email
                    address, password, mobile phone number, interests, and other account information.
Communications
. When you contact
                    us via a contact form, email, or other means, you provide us with Personal Information, such as your
                    name and contact details, and the content, date, and time of our communications.
Careers
. If you apply for a job
                    with us, you may provide us with your resume, name, contact details, and any other relevant
                    information. If you become an employee, we may collect additional information, such as your
                    emergency contacts, beneficiary selections, and other relevant information for employment, payroll,
                    and benefit purposes, and we may collect certain sensitive Personal Information such as biometric
                    data for identity verification or financial information.
Support Information
. When you
                    request technical support services, we will handle your Personal Information such as your name and
                    the contact details you use to contact us, as well as information about the reasons for your support
                    request, and any additional information you may provide in that context.
Geographic location
. Upon account
                    creation or through your use of Cricut services, we may collect your geographic location, which may
                    include city, state, or other location. If you purchase a product or service from us, we may collect
                    your name, contact details, and shipping information.
Credit card or payment
                        information
. If you purchase a product or service from us, we may collect your name,
                    address, and relevant credit card information or other payment information details.
Identifying information on projects in
                        Design Space® including photo, birthdays, or important dates
. When using our website,
                    services, or Design Space® software, any information you provide in your projects (including photos,
                    birthdays, important dates, text, or other images), these will be collected and stored.
User activity information
. We
                    collect information about user activities on our website and services. For example, our website
                    servers automatically collect and log “clickstream data” for all visitors, such as IP addresses
                    (which are numerical numbers that are automatically assigned to users’ computers and mobile devices
                    when they are surfing the Internet), page requests, pages visited, content viewed, clicks and search
                    queries made, etc. We also use cookies and web beacons to collect user activity information on our
                    website. This information may include your activity on Design Space® such as selections, design
                    history, search queries, etc. To the extent we use User Activity Information in a manner that
                    identifies a specific user individually (e.g., if we link or associate such information with name or
                    address), it will be treated as Personal Information. Otherwise, user activity information will be
                    treated as aggregate and anonymous information.
Other personal information you may
                        provide when using Cricut’s website or services
. When prompted or provided, any other
                    personal information you may provide on our website or services will be collected.
Where applicable, we may indicate whether
                    and why you must provide us with your Personal Information as well as the consequences of failing to
                    do so. For example, it may be necessary for you to disclose certain Personal Information in order
                    for us to provide the Services to you.
Our Services are not intended for use by children under the age of 14.
Information Collected from Other Sources
Third Parties
. We may obtain
                    Personal Information about you from third parties such as social media platforms, referral partners,
                    third-party advertisers and other entities. This information may include information that stems from
                    technology such as cookies and web beacons, including your IP address, your ISP, the browser you
                    used to visit our website, and in some cases, whether you have Flash installed (such as the case
                    with Google through the Google AdSense program) and other similar information.
Information We Collect by Automated Means
Social media
. We may collect
                    Personal Information via social media tools, widgets, or plug-ins to connect you to your social
                    media accounts. These features may allow you to sign in through your social media account, share a
                    link, or post directly to your social media account. When you visit a website that contains such
                    tools or plugins, the social media or other service provider may learn of your visit. Your
                    interactions with these tools are governed by the privacy policies of the corresponding social media
                    platforms.
Cookies
. We may collect Personal
                    Information via cookies and similar technologies (see section 3 of this Policy for more
                    information).
How We Use Personal Information
We use the Personal Information we collect for the following purposes:
Providing Services
, including to
                    operate, maintain, support, and provide our Services.
Communicating with You
, including
                    to contact you for administrative purposes (e.g., to provide services and information that you
                    request or to respond to comments and questions) or to send you marketing communications, including
                    updates on promotions and events, relating to products and services offered by us.
Personalization
, including to
                    customize our Services to you and provide you with the most relevant marketing and advertising
                    materials.
Customer and Vendor Relationship
                        Management
, including to track emails, phone calls, and other actions you have taken as our
                    customer or vendor.
Aggregation and anonymization
. We
                    may aggregate or anonymize Personal Information and use the resulting information for statistical
                    analysis or other purposes.
Administrative and Legal
, such as
                    to address administrative issues or to defend our legal rights and to comply with our legal
                    obligations and internal policies as permitted by PRC law.
Automated Decision-making
. We
                    handle your Personal Information using automated means to help make decisions about how we provide
                    the Services to you. At a high level, this involves using cookies, web beacons, and other
                    information for geotargeting or individualization purposes. This allows us to geotarget and
                    individualize our offerings (e.g., showing American ads to someone in the United States) as well as
                    show certain ads based on specific websites a person visits (i.e, showing heat press ads to someone
                    who shops for custom t-shirts).
Legal Bases for the Handling of Personal
                    Information
We rely on various legal bases to handle your Personal Information, including:
Consent
. You may have consented to
                    the use of your Personal Information, for example to send you electronic marketing communications or
                    for the use of certain cookies. You may withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us as
                    described in Section 10 of this Policy.
Contract
. We need your Personal
                    Information to provide you with our Services and to respond to your inquiries.
Legal
. We may have a legal
                    obligation to handle your Personal Information when necessary to fulfill statutory duties and
                    responsibilities or statutory obligations, for example to comply with tax and accounting
                    obligations.
Public Interest
. We may also
                    handle your Personal Information when necessary to respond to sudden public health incidents or
                    protect individuals’ lives and health, or the security of their property, under emergency
                    conditions;.
How We Disclose Personal
                    Information
We may disclose Personal Information about you in the following circumstances:
Group Entities
. We may disclose
                    Personal Information about you to our affiliates and subsidiaries.
Service Providers
. We work with
                    third parties to provide services such as hosting, maintenance, and support. These third parties may
                    have access to or handle your Personal Information as part of providing those services to us, but
                    they are prohibited from using your Personal Information for their own purposes.
Legal
. We may disclose your
                    Personal Information when it is necessary to fulfill our duties and obligations under applicable
                    law.
Public Posts
. Any information that
                    you voluntarily choose to post to a publicly accessible area of our Services will be available to
                    anyone who has access to that content.
Anonymized Information
. Personal
                    Information that has been anonymized can no longer be linked to an individual. We may use and
                    disclose anonymized information for any purpose, unless we are prohibited from doing so under
                    applicable law.
Merger
. Information about our
                    users, including Personal Information, may be disclosed and otherwise transferred to an acquirer,
                    successor, or assignee as part of any merger, acquisition, debt financing, sale of assets, or
                    similar transaction, as well as in the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership in which
                    information is transferred to one or more third parties as one of our business assets. In such a
                    scenario, we will notify you of the name of the personal information recipient and how to contact
                    such recipient. The recipient will continue to fulfill the duties of Cricut outlined in this Policy.
                    If any changes are made to how they use your Personal Information, the recipient will notify you of
                    such changes as provided by applicable laws.
Your Rights and Choices
As provided under applicable law and subject to any limitations in such law, you have the following
                rights:
Access and Portability
. You may
                    ask us to provide you with a copy of the Personal Information we maintain about you and request
                    certain information about its handling. In certain situations you may ask us to transfer your
                    Personal Information to another organization directly.
Correction
. If you believe your
                    Personal Information we handle is inaccurate or incomplete, you may ask us to correct or complete
                    it.
Deletion
. In certain situations
                    you may ask to have your Personal Information anonymized or deleted, as appropriate.
Consent Withdrawal
. You may
                    withdraw any consent you previously provided to us regarding the handling of your Personal
                    Information at any time and free of charge. We will apply your preferences going forward. This will
                    not affect the lawfulness of the handling before you withdrew your consent.
You may exercise your right to Deletion by
                logging into your Cricut account and selecting “Delete Account”, and you may exercise any other rights
                by emailing us at
privacyrequest@cricut.com
. Note that
                applicable laws contain certain exceptions and limitations to each of these rights. If we do not grant
                your rights request, we will explain the reason for doing so. We will also need to verify your identity
                before you exercise these rights to ensure that your Personal Information is not inappropriately
                disclosed.
International Data Transfers
We may transfer your Personal Information outside of China when necessary for business or other valid
                purposes. Personal Information may be transferred to the United States of America, Canada, Europe, or
                other areas where Cricut maintains a corporate presence. If we do so, we will comply with applicable
                data protection laws regarding the protection of Personal Information.
Data Security and Data
                    Retention
We use physical, managerial, and technical safeguards that are designed to improve the integrity and
                security of Personal Information that we collect, maintain, and otherwise handle.
We delete or anonymize your Personal Information
                when it is no longer necessary for the purposes for which we handle it, unless we are required by law to
                keep it for a longer period. When determining the retention period, we select the shortest retention
                period necessary to achieve the purpose of the handling and take into account various criteria, such as
                the type of products or services provided to you, the nature and length of our relationship with you,
                mandatory retention periods, and applicable statutes of limitations.
Third-Party Services
Our Services may contain features or links to websites and services provided by third parties. Any
                information you provide via these websites or services is provided directly to these third-party
                operators and is subject to their privacy policies, even if accessed through our Services. We encourage
                you to learn about these third parties’ policies before providing them with your Personal Information.
Changes and Updates to this
                    Policy
We may update this Policy from time to time to reflect changes in our privacy practices. We will follow
                applicable laws and regulations regarding notification of such changes.
Our Contact Information
Cricut is the entity responsible for the handling of your Personal Information. If you have any
                questions or comments about this Policy, our privacy practices, or if you would like to exercise your
                rights with respect to your Personal Information, please contact us by email at
privacyrequest@cricut.com
or by mail at:
Cricut, Inc.
Attn: Legal Counsel - Privacy
10855 S. River Front Parkway
South Jordan, UT 84095
USA
Angel Policy
Effective Date: May 17, 2022 (v
                1.0.1)
Cricut, Inc. (“Cricut”) is pleased that individuals wish to
    create and sell personal craftwork items incorporating our products, designs and images. This Angel Policy provides
    limited permission for certain sales of such craftwork items, but not others. Please read this entire Angel Policy
    carefully to see how it applies to You and Your proposed sale of craftwork items.
Any person or entity who uses CRICUT or
    CUTTLEBUG
®
brand products, Copyright Materials, as defined below, or Third Party Rights, as defined
    below (the “Content”), pursuant to this permission agrees to comply with and be bound by the terms and conditions
    below and all applicable Third Party Rights Restrictions. Cricut shall have the right to modify and/or terminate the
    limited permission granted in this Angel Policy for any reason and at any time, in its sole discretion.
The terms of the CRICUT End-User License
    Agreement are in pertinent part:
“You may not copy, reproduce or in any other manner duplicate the Cartridge or Content, except as authorized in
        this Agreement or in the Angel Policy.”
“Content may be owned by Cricut, or licensed by third parties to Cricut and may be subject to the Angel Policy.”
“The terms and conditions set forth in the Angel Policy, which is incorporated into this Agreement by reference,
        apply and place limitations upon your ability to create and sell craftwork items using the Cartridge and the
        Content.”
“You should read the entire Angel Policy carefully from time to time to see how it applies to You and Your
        proposed sale of any craftwork items. In the event of a conflict between the provisions of this Agreement and
        the Angel Policy, the terms and conditions of the Angel Policy shall govern.”
Definitions
Angel Policy
means this permission document. Cricut will change this
        Angel Policy from time to time and post the most recent version on this website.
Copyright Materials
means products, designs and images that are subject
        to protection as works of authorship under U.S. or international copyright laws. Copyright materials may be
        owned by Cricut, or licensed as Third Party Rights to Cricut.
Finished Product
means completed projects (e.g. cards, scrapbook pages,
        cakes) with multiple cuts permanently affixed. (To see examples of Finished Products click here).
Mass Production
means any of these: (a) production in quantities of more
        than ten thousand (10,000) Finished Products per year; (b) production by more than one person in an assembly
        line fashion; (c) production by a person other than the individual who created the original craftwork item or
        Finished Product, or by a member of his or her family;or (d) production in a factory.
Third Party Rights
means trademarks, copyrights, and patents owned by
        third parties other than Cricut, made available to Cricut under license. Use of Third Party Rights by Cricut and
        its customers, including under this Angel Policy, may be subject to Third Party Rights Restrictions.
Third Party Rights Restrictions
means any use restrictions imposed by
        Cricut’s licensors of Third Party Rights, as set forth in the end-user license agreements, instructions, user
        manuals or other documentation provided by Cricut with the applicable products that make use of such Third Party
        Rights.
Permission
Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein and to
    all applicable Third Party Rights Restrictions, Cricut hereby grants limited permission to private individuals to
    incorporate Copyright Material and Third Party Rights into Finished Products that may be offered and sold to others,
    but only in the quantities and in the manner expressly permitted in this Angel Policy. Notwithstanding the
    foregoing, Walt Disney Company (Disney Consumer Products, Inc.), Sesame Workshop, Hello Kitty (Sanrio, Inc.), Warner
    Bros. (DC Comics, c/o Warner Bros. Consumer Products, Inc.), Martha Stewart, Kirstie Allsopp (BBC Worldwide
    Limited), Entertainment One UK Limited, Nickelodeon (Viacom International, Inc.), and Boys Scouts of America
    characters and images MAY NOT be reproduced and sold. Any person who uses Copyright Material or Third Party Rights
    pursuant to this permission agrees to comply with and be bound by the terms and conditions below and all applicable
    Third Party Rights Restrictions. No individual cuts of Copyright Material made by or with CRICUT or
    CUTTLEBUG
®
brand products may be sold.
Terms and
    Conditions
All Copyright Materials and Third Party Rights are protected under applicable United States and international
        copyright, trademark and patent laws, which means that they cannot be copied or incorporated into craftwork
        items and sold to others without the written permission of Cricut or its licensors.
Any Finished Product to be sold under this Angel Policy must either not incorporate Third Party Rights, or if it
        does, the sale must comply with all applicable Third Party Rights Restrictions.
Mass Production of craft items incorporating Copyright Material or Third Party Rights is strictly prohibited
Except as provided in Section 6 below, no person may use, and this Angel Policy does not permit use of the
        Cricut name or trademark or any other trademarks, trade names, trade dress or logos of Cricut. Neither the
        Cricut name or trademark nor any other trademarks, trade names, trade dress or logos of Cricut may be used at
        any location where personal craftwork items are sold, nor may they be used in any manner to advertise or promote
        such items nor in a manner that states, suggests or implies an endorsement or sponsorship by, or affiliation
        with Cricut.
Use of Copyright Material or Third Party Rights for the purpose of creating logos, trademarks, trade names,
        trade dress, labels, tags or packaging (e.g., company trademarks,product trademarks, product packaging, etc.) is
        strictly prohibited.
Each Finished Product that incorporates any Copyright Material must be conspicuously marked with the notice
        “Includes Copyright Material of Cricut,” in a reasonable size and location on such items, or on tags or labels
        for such items.
Copyright Material may not be altered in any manner, including without limitation, copyright notices, or the
        like. Any such alteration will be considered an infringement of copyright. Cricut expressly reserves all moral
        rights in its Copyrighted Material.
Cricut may post such modifications or terminations on this website, notify affected persons in writing, or both.
        Any modification or termination posted on this website shall be deemed effective and binding upon all parties
        five (5) business days after posting. Any modification or termination that is separately given in writing
        (including by email) to any person, shall be deemed effective and binding upon that person immediately upon
        receipt. Upon termination, all copying, sales, distribution, advertising and marketing of any of craft items
        incorporating Copyright Material shall immediately cease.
Persons offering or selling Finished Products pursuant to this Angel Policy are solely responsible for complying
        with any and all applicable federal, state and local laws and regulations.
Persons creating Finished Products items pursuant to this Angel Policy assume all liability and responsibility
        for suitability of their craftwork items and for any claim or dispute arising as a result of the sale, offer for
        sale and/or distribution of their items and agree to indemnify and hold harmless Cricut and holders of any Third
        Party Rights from disputes arising from the sale, offering for sale and/or distribution of such items.
Cricut, Inc. is a Utah corporation. The laws of the State of Utah govern this Angel Policy. The state and
        federal courts of Utah will have exclusive jurisdiction over any proceeding arising from this policy. Any person
        who makes and sells Finished Products under this Angel Policy expressly agrees to be subject to the exclusive
        personal jurisdiction of the courts of the State of Utah. Any failure by Cricut to enforce any of its rights or
        any Third Party Rights will not constitute a waiver of such rights.
For more information about using Copyright Material or any
    Third Party Rights, or if you have any questions regarding this Angel Policy, please contact us at
copyright@cricut.com
.
FAQs
Can I sell my crafts made with my Cricut cutting machine?
Yes. Our
        products and offerings are designed for personal use. The Angel policy is an additional benefit designed for
        those who wish to sell their creations:
Cricut Angel Policy
. We believe the Angel Policy is the most generous policy
        in our industry. The Angel Policy authorizes you to sell up to 10,000 completed projects annually (i.e., cards,
        scrapbook pages, finished cakes), using cuts made with Cricut products. It does not, however, authorize you to
        produce and sell individual, unassembled cuts using Cricut products (i.e., mass producing individually-cut
        letters or shapes to re-sell) nor to produce and sell items that incorporate licensed content.
Do I have to include a copyright notice on the item I am selling? What if there
            is not enough room?
Each finished product that incorporates any Copyright Material must be
        conspicuously marked with the notice: “Includes Copyright Material of Cricut.” This notice should be placed in a
        reasonable size and location on the items, or on tags or labels for such items.
Can I cut fabric and letters and images from Cricut cartridges for appliques on
            clothing to sell?
Yes, provided you comply with the terms of the Angel Policy.
Can I make a poster designed with images from Cricut cartridges for a company
            event?
Yes, provided you comply with the terms of the Angel Policy.
Can I create items with Disney content to give away at a charity event?
The Angel Policy does not authorize you to produce or sell individual items that incorporate licensed content
        from major licensors including Walt Disney Company, Sesame, Hello Kitty, Warner Bros, Martha Stewart, Kirstie
        Allsopp, Entertainment One UK Limited, Nickelodeon, and the Boy Scouts of America.
Can I sell sheets of stickers made with Cricut cartridge artwork?
No.
        Sheets of stickers are considered individual cuts so the Angel Policy does not authorize you to produce and sell
        individual stickers or sheets of stickers using Cricut images. However, the Angel Policy does allow you to sell
        stickers if they are part of a completed project.
Can I sell boxes and tags?
Yes. Boxes and tags are considered a “Finished
        Product.”
How do I know which images I can use to create completed projects to
            sell?
Except for images provided by third party artists through the Cricut Contributing Artist
        Program and images containing Cricut trademarks or Cricut products, all images that are part of the
Cricut
            Image Library Subscription
are covered by the Angel Policy. Other images that are not part of your
        Cricut Image Library Subscription may be licensed content that is subject to Third Party Rights Restrictions.
If I create my own design and upload it into Design Space, will you make that
            design available to other users?
Any project with a user uploaded image is by default saved as
        private and no one else has access to it. We do not sort through user projects looking for images that we can
        add to our image library to sell/give to others.
Can I use any image in Design Space?
All images that are part of the
Cricut
            Image Library Subscription
are covered by the Angel Policy. In Design Space, the images that are part of
        the Image Library Subscription have a green “a” symbol.
Are fonts in the Cricut Image Library Subscription included in the Angel
            Policy?
Yes.
Can I sell individual die cuts of Cricut images?
No. The Angel Policy
        authorizes you to sell up to 10,000 completed projects annually (i.e., cards, scrapbook pages, finished cakes),
        using cuts made with Cricut products. It does not, however, authorize you to produce and sell individual,
        unassembled or assembled cuts using Cricut products (i.e., mass producing individually-cut letters or shapes to
        re-sell).
Does the sale of 10,000 Finished Products mean of the same item or 10,000 of
            each type of item?
The number 10,000 is the total number of finished products per year. Finished
        products can be one or more cuts as long as the cut(s) are permanently affixed to the product. Keep in mind that
        Mass Production of craft items incorporating Copyright Material or Third Party Rights is strictly prohibited as
        outlined in our Angel Policy.
Can I report potential copyright violators?
Yes. We appreciate our
        consumer’s assistance in helping us to protect the intellectual property rights and livelihood of the artists
        whose work we license. Please feel free to send potentially infringing activities to
copyright@cricut.com
. Your report will remain anonymous.
Is it prohibited to sell finished items which incorporates the use of your
            embossing folders?
You can incorporate artwork from embossing folders in your finished items to sell
        as long as you comply with the provisions in our Angel Policy. Keep in mind that there are embossing folders
        that are excluded from the Angel Policy because they are licensed content including Disney and Sesame Street.
How can I get permission to use licensed content that are not included in your
            Angel Policy?
Cricut is not permitted to provide any contact information other than their names for
        these 3rd party artists. If you wish to pursue permission from them or from any artist to use their artwork, we
        suggest that you contact them directly and possibly seek legal counsel.
What is your policy on where I can sell finished products? Can I sell things in
            a retail store?
The Angel Policy currently does not have any restrictions on where you can sell your
        finished products. This does not constitute legal advice and it would be your responsibility to comply with any
        laws, regulations and/or policies of your storefront.
Online Policies
Effective Date: June 17, 2020 (v
                1.0.1)
INTERNET SALES POLICY
Cricut’s Internet Sales Policy
    is to sell Cricut products through Cricut authorized online resellers only. No person or business is authorized to
    sell via the Internet without express contractual agreement with Cricut. Authorized Cricut resellers have access to
    the entire Cricut line and are able to answer product or warranty questions. Purchasing a Cricut through an
    authorized dealer/seller means that you receive:
A GREAT product that is sure to provide you with years of enjoyment
The support of and assistance from our representatives in helping you with your selections/questions
A superb warranty should you ever need it
Excellent value for your money
SHIPPING POLICY
Please allow 7-12 days for delivery
Cricut does not ship to U.S. Territories (Puerto Rico, U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, Saipan, Midway Islands,
        American Samoa, and Federated States of Micronesia)
Some items may not be available for purchase in some countries
INTERNET RETURN
    POLICY
You must contact support@cricut.com within five days of receipt of your order.
No returns will be accepted after 15 days of receipt of your order.
We do not offer returns on opened Cricut Cartridges or Digital content.
Any returns must be in saleable condition and in original, unopened packaging.
Return shipping is the customer’s responsibility, unless you have received a damaged or wrong product.
Should you receive a damaged product, please contact customer service at 1-877-727-4288.
You will need an RMA number before returning any products. Returns without an RMA will not be accepted. Please
        contact us to request an RMA. After you receive an RMA, your returns must be received within 14 days.
Cricut Access Policy
Effective Date: May 4, 2022 (v
                1.1.0.)
THIS IS AN AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU AND CRICUT, INC.,
        (DOING BUSINESS AS "CRICUT") WITH ITS AFFILIATES, ("CRICUT" OR "WE"). PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE, ALL RULES
        AND POLICIES RELATED TO CRICUT ACCESS™ (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY PRODUCT-SPECIFIC RULES OR USAGE
        PROVISIONS SPECIFIED ON ANY PRODUCT DETAIL PAGE, IN ANY LINK FROM A PRODUCT DETAIL PAGE, OR ON ANY HELP OR OTHER
        INFORMATIONAL PAGE FOR THE SERVICE), THE CRICUT.COM PRIVACY POLICY, AND THE CRICUT.COM TERMS OF USE
        (COLLECTIVELY, THE "AGREEMENT"). YOU ACCEPT AND AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT BY CLICKING "SUBSCRIBE",
        "CONFIRM PURCHASE" OR THEIR EQUIVALENT.
Commercial Terms:
In addition to those services provided on our Site (as
        defined in our Terms of Use), we offer additional features, benefits, and discounts through a branded
        subscription experience known as Cricut Access™ (the "Service"). Your subscription to the Service may begin with
        a free trial. The length of your free trial, if any, will be set out during online check out. We reserve the
        right, in our absolute discretion, to determine your eligibility for a free trial, including creating multiple
        free trial accounts, and to withdraw or to modify your free trial at any time without prior notice and without
        liability. As a free trial subscriber, you acknowledge and agree that your use and access to our Site and the
        Services is subject to the Agreement. Access to the Service requires that you have high-speed internet and
        maintain a valid credit card with Cricut (your "Payment Method). You agree to provide your Payment Method during
        online checkout before beginning a free trial or subscribing to a paid Plan of the Service. While we will not
        process your Payment Method for payment of your fee during a free trial though you may see an authorization on
        your Payment Method. On the last day of your free trial we will convert your free trial into a paid Plan and
        process your Payment Method for the applicable fee on the billing frequency chosen during online checkout. From
        that date on, the automatic renewal provisions set forth in this Agreement will also apply. If you do not wish
        to be charged, you must cancel before the end of your free trial. Upon cancellation of your free trial, your
        access to the Platform will terminate immediately.
By providing your Payment Method in conjunction with
        registration for a paid Plan of the Services, you authorize us to process your Payment Method for the applicable
        fee on the billing frequency chosen immediately upon online checkout (or free trial expiration, applicable).
        Once a paying subscriber, we will charge the monthly or annual Service fee to your Payment Method. If you wish
        to cancel the Service, you must do so before it renews each month or year to avoid the charge for the coming
        month's or year's Service fees to your Payment Method.
Cricut may elect to offer differing subscription
        services, including promotional services or memberships with varying terms, conditions and limitations.
        Different terms from those described in these Terms of Use will be detailed in other communications or
        documents. The "myaccount" link provides you details regarding your subscription and account with Cricut. We
        reserve the right to modify, terminate or otherwise amend the Service plans we offer.
By purchasing the Service, you authorize us to charge
        you a monthly or yearly Service fee at the then current rate, and any other charges you may incur in connection
        with your use of the Service to your Payment Method. You acknowledge and understand that the amount billed each
        month may vary for reasons that may include differing amounts due to promotional offers and/or changing or
        adding a plan, and you authorize us to charge your Payment Method for such varying amounts, which may be billed
        monthly in one or more charges.
Cricut reserves the right to adjust the price for the
        Service, or any portion or part, thereof in any manner and at any time as we may determine in our sole and
        absolute discretion. Except as otherwise expressly provided for in these Terms, any price changes to your
        service will take effect following email notice to you.
The Service fee will be charged at the initiation of
        your subscription to the Service and each month or year thereafter unless you cancel the Service. You can cancel
        here at any time. We will automatically bill your Payment Method each month or year on the calendar day
        corresponding to the initiation of your subscription to the Service. We reserve the right to change the timing
        of the charge to your Payment Method which may occur if we are unable to settle the charge on the scheduled
        payment date. In the event you initiated the Service on a day not contained in a given month, we may bill your
        Payment Method on a different day in the applicable month or on such other day as we deem appropriate. For
        example, if you initiated the Service under the monthly fee option on January 31st, your next payment date is
        likely to be February 27th, and your Payment Method would be billed on that date. Your renewal date may change
        due to changes in the Service. "Charging" shall include the authorization, billing, debit or other payment
        clearance, as applicable, with respect to your Payment Method.
ALL ANNUAL AND/OR MONTHLY PAYMENTS ARE NONREFUNDABLE AND
        THERE ARE NO REFUNDS OR CREDITS FOR PARTIALLY USED PERIODS.
If you elect to cancel your Service you will continue to
        have access to the Service through the end of your current billing period. Any credits or discounts provided by
        us relative to the Service are done at our sole and absolute discretion.
In the event a payment is not settled, due to
        insufficient funds, expiration, or any other defect with the Payment Method, and you do not change your Payment
        Method information or cancel your account (see, "Cancellation" below), your Service may be terminated with or
        without notice to you. For certain Payment Methods, the issuer of your Payment Method may charge you a certain
        transactional fees or other charges (such as foreign currency fees). You may cancel your Service at any time,
        and you will continue to have access to the Service through the end of your billing period (whether annual of
        monthly). To cancel, go to your Account settings on the Cricut.com website and follow the cancellation
        instructions.
Content Terms:
1. THE SERVICE
The Service offers
            certain digital art content, fonts, and projects to be used with the Cricut Design Space™ design software
            and/or a Cricut® machine (collectively, "Digital Content") and other services under certain terms and
            conditions as set forth in this Agreement. The Service allows you to access, design with and cut Digital
            Content. The Service subscription plan you purchase, register for, order, or renew includes the features,
            benefits, and discounts set forth on the Cricut Access Subscription Plans page, and as further specified on
            our Site (the “Benefits”), available at
https://cricut.com/en_us/cricut-access.html
, or
            the same applicable URL which may changed based on your territory, country, and/or currency. The Benefits
            may not be applied to the purchase of a Cricut Access subscription or renewals thereof or of other in-app
            purchases.
2. COMPATIBLE MACHINES
In order to be able to
            access and design with Digital Content from the Service, you will need to use a personal computer with
            either Windows® or Mac® operating systems, with Cricut Design Space design software installed and a
            high-speed internet connection. In order to be able to cut Digital Content from the Service, you will need a
            Cricut machine (e.g., Cricut Joy™, Cricut Explore®, or Cricut Maker® machine) a "Compatible Machine". The
            requirements for Compatible Machines and applicability of certain Digital Content for certain Compatible
            Machines may change from time to time and, in some cases, whether a machine is (or remains) a Compatible
            Machine may depend on software or systems provided or maintained by the machine or components manufacturer
            or other third parties. As a result, devices that are Compatible Machines at one time may cease to be
            Compatible Machines in the future.
3. DIGITAL CONTENT
a. General. The Service
            may allow you to: (i) rent Digital Content for access over a limited period of time ("Rental Digital
            Content"), (ii) purchase Digital Content for access over an indefinite period of time ("Purchased Digital
            Content"), (iii) access Digital Content on a subscription basis for access over a limited period of time
            during a subscription period ("Subscription Digital Content"), and (iv) access Digital Content on a free or
            promotional basis for viewing over a limited period of time ("Free Digital Content"). Digital Content may be
            available on the Service as Rental Digital Content, Purchased Digital Content, Subscription Digital Content,
            Free Digital Content, or any combination of those. The basis on which Digital Content is available on the
            Service will be indicated on the product detail page for that Digital Content on the Service. We reserve the
            right to, from time to time, add or remove Digital Content from the Service and may change the basis on
            which Digital Content is available on the Service.
b.
            Usage Rules. Your use of Digital Content is subject to the following usage rules (the "Usage Rules"). (1)
            You may use, access or sync Rental Digital Content, Subscription Digital Content and Free Digital Content
            with one Cricut account. (2) You may use the Digital Content for the time period specified by Cricut (the
            "Usage Period"). (3) You are authorized to access the Digital Content through your Cricut account only. (4)
            Your uses of the Digital Content must conform with Cricut's Angel Policy as found at:
https://cricut.com/en/legal
, as amended from time
            to time. (5) Cricut may place limitations on the number and type of Compatible Machines on which each type
            of Digital Content may be downloaded, synced, accessed, and used. (6) Cricut may place limitations on the
            amount of storage space is available for each Cricut.com account.
c.
            Subscriptions. Our subscription services are dynamic services and the specific Digital Content available and
            amount of Digital Content available will change over time. While we endeavor to expand the subscription
            offering, there may be times that a licensing agreement expires, or other circumstances arise, where certain
            content must be withdrawn from the Digital Content. We make no guarantee as to the availability of specific
            Digital Content or the minimum amount of Digital Content available in any subscription. Additional terms
            applicable to a subscription (such as the applicable cancellation and refund policy) will be indicated on
            the informational pages for that subscription. Currently available Digital Content can be found
by use of
                our Design Space
software.
d.
            License to Digital Content. Subject to your payment of any applicable fees (including applicable taxes) to
            rent, purchase, or otherwise obtain access to Digital Content, and your compliance with all other terms we
            specify for Digital Content or the Service, Cricut grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable,
            non-sublicensable, limited right and license, during the applicable Usage Period, to access and use the
            Digital Content in accordance with the Usage Rules. To simplify your use and management of Digital Content
            that has a limited Usage Period (such as Rental Digital Content and Subscription Digital Content), we may
            automatically remove that Digital Content from your Cricut account or Compatible Machine after the end of
            its Usage Period, and you consent to such automatic removal.
e. General Restrictions.
            You may not transfer, copy or display the Digital Content, except as permitted in this Agreement. In
            addition, you may not: (i) digitally copy, sell, rent, lease, distribute, broadcast, sublicense or otherwise
            assign any right to the Digital Content to any third party; (ii) remove any proprietary notices or labels on
            the Digital Content; (iii) attempt to disable, bypass, modify, defeat, or otherwise circumvent any digital
            rights management system used as part of the Service; or, (iv) use the Service or Digital Content for any
            illegal purpose or commercial purpose not permitted under Cricut's Angel Policy.
4. SOFTWARE
a. Use of the Cricut
            Design Space™ Software. We may make available to you Cricut Design Space™ and/or Cricut Craft Room® software
            for your use in connection with the Service (the "Software"). Terms contained in the Cricut Terms and
            Conditions apply to your use of the Software and the Service.
b.
            Information Provided to Cricut. The Software may provide Cricut with data about your Compatible Machine and
            its interaction with the Service (such as device type and unique device identifiers that allow us to link
            your Compatible Machine to your Service account). The Software may also provide Cricut with information
            related to the Digital Content you purchase or rent and your use of that Digital Content (such as whether
            and when you accessed or used the Digital Content, which may, among other things, help us measure the Usage
            Period for Rental Digital Content). Any information we receive is subject to the Cricut.com privacy notice
            located at
https://cricut.com/privacy-policy
.
5. LIMITED TO CERTAIN TERRITORIES / COUNTRIES.
Due to restrictions
            placed on us by our content providers, certain Digital Content may only be available to Cricut Access
            subscribers located in certain territories and countries. While the Service may be available in many
            territories and countries, we make no representations or guarantees that the Service, all Benefits, or all
            Digital Content is available in all territories and countries.
6. ALL RENTALS AND SALES FINAL.
All purchases and
            rentals of Digital Content are final. We do not accept returns of Digital Content.
7. ADDITIONAL TERMS
a. Termination. If you
            violate any of the terms or conditions of this Agreement, your rights under this Agreement will
            automatically terminate without notice from us, and Cricut may, in its discretion, immediately revoke your
            access to the Service without notice to you and without refund of any fees. In such event, Cricut shall have
            the right, without notice to you, to automatically discontinue your access to Digital Content from the
            Service.
b.
            Modification of Service. Cricut does not guarantee uninterrupted access to the Digital Content, and reserves
            the right to modify, suspend, or discontinue the Service, or any part thereof, at any time and without
            notice to you. Cricut does not guarantee that all Digital Content will remain available through the Usage
            Period.
c.
            Amendments. Cricut reserves the right to make changes to this Agreement at any time. Your continued use of
            the Service following any such changes will constitute your acceptance of such changes.
d.
            Limitation of Liability. Without limiting the Disclaimer of Warranties and Limitation of Liability in the
            Cricut.com or Cricut Terms and Conditions (i) in no event shall our or our software licensors' total
            liability to you for all damages (other than as may be required by applicable law in cases involving
            personal injury) arising out of or related to your use or inability to use the Software exceed the amount of
            fifty dollars ($50.00); and (ii) in no event shall our or our Digital Content providers' total liability to
            you for all damages arising from your use of the Service, the Digital Content, or information, materials or
            products included on or otherwise made available to you through the Service, exceed the amount you paid to
            us to purchase, rent, or view the Digital Content related to your claim for damages. These limitations will
            apply to you even if the remedies fail of their essential purpose.
e.
            Contact Information. For communications concerning this Agreement, please write to Cricut.com, Attn: Legal
            Department, 10855 South River Front Parkway, South Jordan, UT 84095.
Cricut
®
Virtual Patent Marking
The Cricut® products listed in the below PDF are covered by one or more patents and/or published patent applications both in the United States and other countries.
This is a non-exhaustive list and is intended to serve as notice under 35 U.S.C. § 287 and satisfies any virtual patent marking provisions of various jurisdictions, including United States law.
Cricut® Patents and Published Patent Applications List
NOTIFICATION OF CLAIMS OF INFRINGEMENT OF
    COPYRIGHT OR OTHER INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
Effective Date: June 17, 2020 (v
                1.0.1)
If you are a copyright owner or an agent thereof and believe
    that any Content infringes upon your copyrights, you may submit a notification pursuant to the Digital Millennium
    Copyright Act ("
DMCA
") by filling out
this
        form
.  You can also contact our designated agent and provide the following information in writing
    (
see
17 U.S.C §512(c)(3) for further detail):
a physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right
        that is allegedly infringed;
identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works are
        covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works; Be sure to list each specific URL that
        contains your work separately.  Attach screenshots or text to assist us in locating your material.
identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and
        that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled and information reasonably sufficient to permit
        Cricut to locate the material;
information reasonably sufficient to permit Cricut to contact you, such as an address, telephone number, and
        email address;
a statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not
        authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and
a statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are
        authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
Cricut's designated Copyright Agent to receive notifications
    of claimed infringement is
Cricut, Inc.,
Attn: Copyright Agent,
10855 South River Front Parkway, Suite 400,
South Jordan, Utah U.S.A. 84095;
email:
DMCA_Agent@cricut.com
,
fax: 801-446-8407.
For clarity, only DMCA notices should go to
    the Copyright Agent; any other feedback, comments, requests for technical support, and other communications should
    be directed to Cricut Customer Care through http://help.cricut.com.
You acknowledge that if you fail to comply
    with all of the requirements of this Section 12, your DMCA notice may not be valid.
Counter-Notice
. If you
    believe that your Content that was removed (or to which access was disabled) is not infringing, or that you have the
    authorization from the copyright owner, the copyright owner's agent, or pursuant to the law, to post and use the
    material in your Content, you may send a counter-notice containing the following information to the Copyright Agent:
your physical or electronic signature;
identification of the Content that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the location at
        which the Content appeared before it was removed or disabled;
a statement that you have a good faith belief that the Content was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or
        a misidentification of the Content; and
your name, address, telephone number, and e-mail address, a statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of
        the federal court in Salt Lake City, Utah, and a statement that you will accept service of process from the
        person who provided notification of the alleged infringement.
If a counter-notice is received by the Copyright Agent,
    Cricut may send a copy of the counter-notice to the original complaining party informing that person that it may
    replace the removed Content or cease disabling it in ten (10) business days. Unless the copyright owner files an
    action seeking a court order against the Content provider, member or user, the removed Content may be replaced, or
    access to it restored, in ten (10) to fourteen (14) business days or more after receipt of the counter-notice, at
    Cricut's sole discretion.
Submission Agreement
Effective Date: June 17, 2020 (v
                1.0.1)
1.
        Introduction
. This agreement ("
Agreement
") is between you as an individual contributor
    ("
Contributor
") and Cricut, Inc. ("
Cricut
"). This Agreement governs the uploading
    of Contributor's Craft Materials (as defined further below) to the cricut.com website or any successor website to
    which the contents in whole or in part of the cricut.com website are posted ("
our Sites
"), as well
    as Cricut's use of Craft Materials on our Sites. Contributor and Cricut acknowledge the exchange of mutual benefits
    and promises and other consideration and agree as follows with respect to new submissions of Craft Materials and any
    prior submissions of Craft Materials.
2. Term;
        Termination
. The term ("
Term
") of this Agreement starts on the date that any Craft
    Materials are initially uploaded to any our Sites by Contributor and continues until Cricut terminates this
    Agreement with or without cause, either in writing or by the removal of Craft Materials from our Sites, subject to
    the survival of certain undertakings in this Agreement as set out in Section 16 below. Cricut can selectively
    terminate this Agreement with respect to any individual work comprising the Craft Materials by removing the posted
    work from our Sites.
3. Craft
        Materials
. As used in this Agreement, the term "
Craft Materials
" means any content
    created by Contributor that meets the Content Requirements (as defined below) and that is submitted by Contributor
    to our Sites as provided in this Agreement, as well as Contributor's name (including professional name), likeness,
    signature, and biographical information. Craft Materials may also include, without limitation, audio, video, and
    audiovisual materials, artwork, texts, graphics, instructions, photographs and other files that Contributor submits
    to our Sites under this Agreement.
4. Content Requirements
.
Content Title
Content Description
Content Photo
The above requirement shall be referred to
    collectively as the "
Content Requirements
." Content Requirements are subject to change at Cricut’s
    discretion.
5. Ownership
.
Cricut and its licensors, if any, shall own and at all times shall retain all right, title, and interest in and
        to the patent, trademark, copyright, and trade secret rights inherent or incorporated in the products and
        services offered and sold by Cricut, including without limitation all CRICUT
®
logos,
        CRICUT
®
and CRICUT EXPLORE
®
cutting machines, CRICUT
®
digital
        content, consumables and accessories, DESIGN SPACE
®
software, and related firmware, software,
        tools, equipment and accessories (collectively, the "
Cricut Rights
"). All rights not expressly
        granted in this Agreement are reserved by Cricut and/or its licensors.
Subject to the Cricut Rights and Section 6(a), and to the licenses granted to Cricut under Sections 6 and 7,
        Contributor shall own and at all times shall retain all right, title and interest in the patent, trademark, and
        copyright rights inhererent in or incorporated in such Craft Materials as are authored or invented by
        Contributor and uploaded by Contributor hereunder.
6. License to Use Craft
            Materials
. As and when Craft Materials are uploaded to any of our Sites, Contributor grants to Cricut
        a perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free, exclusive right and license to do the following things:
to prepare and encode Craft Materials or any part of them for digital or analog transmission, manipulation,
            and exhibition in any format and by any means now known or not yet known or invented;
to display, copy, reproduce, exhibit, publicly perform, broadcast, rebroadcast, transmit, retransmit,
            distribute and re-distribute through any print or electronic means (including analog and digital) or other
            means, and electronically or otherwise publish any or all of the Craft Materials, including any part of
            them, and to include them in compilations for publication, by any and all means and media now known or not
            yet known or invented;
to modify, adapt, change or otherwise alter the Craft Materials (i.e., to prepare derivative works based
            upon the Craft Materials);
to grant sublicenses to any other person or company of all or any of the licensed rights in the Craft
            Materials, including a perpetual sublicense to make the Craft Materials available to those end-users who
            purchase, download, and/or access the Craft Materials, subject to the terms and conditions of this
            Agreement; and
to use all or any part of the Craft Materials in the promotion, advertising or marketing of our Sites and of
            Cricut products and services.
Contributor acknowledges that Contributor shall not have any
    right, title, or interest in the Cricut Rights, any derivative works prepared by or for Cricut based upon the Craft
    Materials, or in any other materials with which Craft Materials may be combined or into which all or any portion of
    Craft Materials may be incorporated. Contributor agrees to refrain from granting similar rights to others during
    this Agreement and for a period of three (3) years after termination of this Agreement.
7. Name and
        Likeness
. Contributor grants to Cricut a perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive
    license to use Contributor's name, likeness, and biographical information in connection with the distribution,
    exploitation, promotion, marketing, and advertising of the Craft Materials as described in this Agreement.
    Contributor agrees not to assert, and to cause any person or persons other than Contributor appearing recognizably
    or otherwise in Craft Materials to not assert against Cricut, any privacy, publicity, moral, or similar rights held
    by Contributor or such person or persons, whether under the laws of any state, the United States or any other
    country. To the extent that the Craft Materials contain a name, likeness or the biographical information of any
    other person, Contributor hereby grants to Cricut a perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive
    license to use the same in connection with the distribution, exploitation, promotion, marketing and advertising of
    the Craft Materials, as described in this Agreement.
8.
        Payment
. Unless otherwise agreed between Contributor and Cricut in a writing from Cricut, the licenses
    granted to Cricut under this Agreement are royalty-free.
9. Representations and
            Warranties
. Contributor represents and warrants that:
Contributor has the full right and power to enter into and perform this Agreement and to grant Cricut all
            rights to use the Craft Materials as contemplated in this Agreement, including, without limitation, the
            licenses granted in Sections 6 and 7;
all Craft Materials submitted by Contributor shall fully comply with the Content Requirements at the time of
            submission;
Contributor has obtained all necessary third-party consents, rights, licenses, and permissions, if any,
            required for Contributor to enter into and perform this Agreement and to grant Cricut the rights to use the
            Craft Materials set out in this Agreement (including, without limitation, consents, and permissions from
            owners of any elements that are used in the Craft Materials and not otherwise comprising the Cricut Rights);
the Craft Materials (and Cricut's use of them under this Agreement) do not and will not infringe on any
            rights of any third party, including any trademark, copyright, patent, trade secret, right of privacy or
            publicity or moral rights;
all information that Contributor has provided or will provide to Cricut is true and complete;
the Craft Materials do not and will not violate any law, statute, ordinance, or regulation;
the Craft Materials do not and will not be defamatory, libelous, threatening, pornographic, obscene, harmful
            to minors, or comprise violations of child pornography or child sexual exploitation laws;
the Craft Materials do not and will not contain any viruses, spiders, bots, or other malware or programming
            routines that may detrimentally interfere with any computer systems or data, whether those of Cricut or any
            third party; and
Contributor is 18 years of age or older at the time of entering into this Agreement.
The above representations and warranties shall survive any
    termination of this Agreement.
Third Party
        Payments
. Contributor is responsible for all licensing, reporting and payment obligations of any kind to
    third parties in connection with any Craft Materials not otherwise furnished by Cricut.
11. Indemnity
.
        Contributor agrees to defend, indemnify, reimburse and hold Cricut and its parent, subsidiary and affiliated
        entities, and their respective members, managers, officers, directors, representatives, employees, agents,
        successors, designees, licensees, sublicensees, and assigns harmless from and against any and all liability,
        loss, damages, judgments, costs, and expenses (including reasonable attorney's fees, costs and expenses and
        court costs) arising out of or related to:
Contributor's use of our Sites;
any breach or alleged breach of Contributor's representations and warranties and/or any breach, alleged
            breach or violation of this Agreement; and
Contributor's violation or alleged or threatened violation of any rights of a third party, including,
            without limitation, any trademark, copyright, patent, trade secret, right of privacy or publicity or moral
            rights of any third party, arising from the submission and/or use of Craft Materials as provided in this
            Agreement.
12. Cricut's
        Performance
. Contributor acknowledges and agrees that our Sites may from time to time encounter technical
    or other problems and may not necessarily continue uninterrupted or without technical or other errors and that
    Cricut will not be responsible to Contributor or others for any interruptions, errors or problems or even for an
    outright discontinuance of any of our Sites. Cricut provides no assurances whatsoever that any of the Craft
    Materials or any part or element thereof will actually be used on any of Our Sites or if used that they will
    continue to be available for any particular time. Cricut has the right, in Cricut's sole and absolute discretion, to
    remove from our Sites at any time the Craft Materials or any part of them and/or to revoke any sublicense granted by
    Cricut to any affiliate or unaffiliated third party. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Contributor acknowledges that
    Contributor is solely responsible for all content submitted to our Sites by Contributor. All Craft Materials
    uploaded to our Sites may be removed without notice and may be unavailable for recovery by any means. Contributor
    and only Contributor is responsible for maintaining at Contributor's expense and in facilities owned or controlled
    only by Contributor any and all original materials and any backup copies of all or any part of the Craft Materials.
13. No Warranty
.
        TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY
        APPLICABLE LAW, CRICUT DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO:
UNINTERRUPTED OR CONTINUOUS AVAILABILITY OF OUR SITES, AND
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT WITH RESPECT
            TO OUR SITES AND ANY PRODUCTS SERVICES PROVIDED BY CRICUT HEREUNDER. IN ADDITION, ALTHOUGH CRICUT INTENDS TO
            TAKE REASONABLE STEPS TO PREVENT THE INTRODUCTION OF VIRUSES OR OTHER MALWARE OR DESTRUCTIVE MATERIALS TO
            OUR SITES, AND WHETHER OR NOT CRICUT IMPLEMENTS THE AFOREMENTIONED REASONABLE PROTECTIONS, CRICUT DOES NOT
            WARRANT THAT OUR SITES, ANY PART THEREOF, OR ANY INFORMATION OR OTHER MATERIAL ACCESSIBLE THROUGH OUR SITES
            IS FREE OF VIRUSES, WORMS, TROJAN HORSES OR OTHER HARMFUL MALWARE OR COMPONENTS.
14. No Liability for Third
        Party Use
. CRICUT DISCLAIMS ALL RESPONSIBILITY AND LIABILITY FOR ANY THIRD-PARTY USE OF THE CRAFT
    MATERIALS MADE AVAILABLE ON OUR SITES BY CONTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT. CONTRIBUTOR SHALL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE
    FOR SEEKING RELIEF FOR ANY UNAUTHORIZED USE OF CONTRIBUTOR MATERIALS BY A THIRD PARTY, AND NOT FROM CRICUT. THIS
    MEANS, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THAT IF ANOTHER PERSON OBTAINS CRAFT MATERIALS FROM CRICUT (WHETHER OR NOT WITH CRICUT'S
    PERMISSION), AND USES THOSE MATERIALS IN A WAY NOT AUTHORIZED BY THE LICENSES GRANTED UNDER THIS AGREEMENT
    CONTRIBUTOR WILL SEEK REDRESS OR RECOVERY FROM THE OTHER PERSON AND NOT FROM CRICUT, AND THAT CONTRIBUTOR WILL NOT
    HOLD CRICUT RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE FOR SUCH UNAUTHORIZED USE.
15.
        Exclusion of Damages
. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT (INCLUDING
    NEGLIGENCE) SHALL CRICUT, ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, MEMBERS, PARENTS, AFFILIATES, SUBSIDIARIES, LICENSEES, ASSIGNS,
    SUCCESSORS, AGENTS, REPRESENTATIVES, EMPLOYEES OR LICENSORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT
    LIMITATION, DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF AN ACTION UNDER CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR ANY OTHER THEORY AND DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF
    BUSINESS PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF BUSINESS INFORMATION, OR OTHER PECUNIARY LOSS, INCIDENTAL DAMAGES,
    CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, PUNITIVE DAMAGES, EXEMPLARY DAMAGES), WHETHER OR NOT DEVIANT ART HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE
    POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THE
    CRICUT SITE(S). IN NO EVENT SHALL CRICUT'S TOTAL LIABILITY TO CONTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT FROM ALL CAUSES OF
    ACTION AND UNDER ALL THEORIES OF LIABILITY EXCEED US$5.00. THE PARTIES ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT CRICUT HAS ENTERED
    INTO THIS AGREEMENT IN RELIANCE ON THE LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY SPECIFIED IN THIS AGREEMENT, WHICH ALLOCATE THE RISK
    BETWEEN CONTRIBUTOR AND CRICUT, AND FORM THE BASIS OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN THE PARTIES.
16. Miscellaneous
.
Governing Law; Jurisdiction
. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED IN ALL
            RESPECTS BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF UTAH WITHOUT REGARD TO ITS OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION'S CONFLICT OF LAWS
            PRINCIPLES. THE SOLE VENUE AND JURISDICTION FOR DISPUTES ARISING FROM THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE THE
            APPROPRIATE STATE OR FEDERAL COURT LOCATED IN SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH AND CONTRIBUTOR IRREVOCABLY AGREES TO
            SUBMIT TO THE JURISDICTION OF SUCH COURTS.
Assignment
. Cricut shall have the right to assign this Agreement in
            whole or in part to any person or business entity. Contributor may not assign Contributor's rights or
            delegate Contributor's obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of Cricut.
Entire Agreement
. This Agreement sets forth the entire understanding
            and agreement of Contributor and Cricut as to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior proposals,
            discussions, or agreements (oral and written) with respect to such subject matter.
Modification
. Cricut reserves the right to amend the terms of this
            Agreement from time to time in its sole discretion. Cricut will notify Contributor of any material changes
            to this Agreement by sending an email to the address listed in Contributor's account. If Contributor
            continues to upload Craft Materials after being notified of the changes to the Agreement, Contributor will
            be deemed to have accepted those changes and the new terms of the Agreement will govern all prior and future
            submissions of Craft Materials. If Contributor does not accept the new terms of the Agreement, Contributor's
            only and exclusive remedy will be to terminate this Agreement. Otherwise, this Agreement may be changed only
            by a writing signed by both parties that specifically refers to the parties' intent to amend this Agreement.
Survival
. The provisions of Sections 5, 6, 7, 9, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15
            and 16 shall survive any termination of this Agreement.
Amendment
. Cricut may amend this Agreement in writing from time to
            time as it sees fit. Any amendment shall become binding upon Contributor when Cricut discloses through our
            Sites or otherwise delivers the amendment to Contributor, and Contributor confirms his or her acceptance by
            using the electronic confirmation provided by Cricut. Once accepted in this manner, the amendment shall
            apply to all existing and future Craft Materials submitted by Contributor.
Terms & Conditions
Effective Date: June 17, 2020
                (v1.0.1)
Sales order terms and conditions
Purchase order terms and conditions
Digital credit terms and conditions
Cricut sales order terms and conditions
Unless a separately signed written
        agreement governs this Purchase Order, you and Cricut agree that the following terms replace and supersede any
        additional conflicting terms submitted with your Purchase Order and are the only terms under which CRICUT will
        sell or license its products ("Products") to you.
Payment terms and
        conditions of sale:
Prices for Products are those set out in CRICUT’s
        current Price List, less the applicable discount, if offered. CRICUT may modify the Price List at any time,
        including changes to the Products or their corresponding list prices. All Product prices include delivery from
        the CRICUT warehouse to your carrier, at which point title and risk of loss to the Products will pass to You.
        Except as may be specifically authorized in writing by CRICUT, and subject to CRICUT’s continuing approval of
        your credit status and financial condition, you will pay CRICUT for all Products ordered by within thirty (30)
        days of the date of the corresponding invoice issued by CRICUT. CRICUT, in its sole discretion, reserves the
        right to specify, and to change from time to time, your credit line and payment terms. All payments are to be
        made in US dollars. If at any time you are delinquent in the payment of any invoice, exceed the credit line
        established by CRICUT, or are otherwise in breach of the Purchase Order, CRICUT may, in its discretion, withhold
        shipment (including partial shipments) of any order or may require you to pay cash on delivery for further
        shipments. Payment not received by CRICUT when due may be subject to a late payment service charge.
Product Returns:
It is Cricut’s policy that all sales are final; however
        in limited instances a return may be authorized. Prior to returning any inventory you must obtain a Return
        Material Authorization (RMA) number from Cricut. An application for return must be submitted within 30 days of
        receiving the merchandise. You must provide the PO and invoice number. Unauthorized returns will not be issued
        credit. For more information please contact Cricuts wholesale dept. at 1.800.937.7686.
Hardware Warranty:
CRICUT warrants to the end-user that each item of
        hardware ("Hardware") will be free from defects in workmanship and materials for its respective warranty period,
        which begins on the date of purchase by the end-user. End-users’ exclusive remedy and CRICUT’s sole obligation
        and liability under this warranty is to promptly repair or replace any failed Hardware returned to You on behalf
        of an end-user because of defects in workmanship or material.
Software Warranty:
CRICUT warrants to the end-user that each item of
        software ("Software"), as delivered or updated by CRICUT and properly installed and operated on the Hardware or
        other equipment it is originally licensed for, will function during its respective warranty period substantially
        as described in the user documentation supplied by CRICUT with the Software. If any item of Software fails to so
        perform during its warranty period, as the sole remedy CRICUT or CRICUT’s supplier will at its discretion
        provide a suitable fix, patch or workaround for the problem, which may be included in a future revision of the
        Software.
Limitations:
These warranties do not apply to any Product which has
        been (i) altered, except by CRICUT or in accordance with its instructions, or (ii) used in conjunction with
        another vendor’s product resulting in the defect, or (iii) damaged by improper environment, abuse, misuse,
        accident or negligence. Replacement parts furnished under this warranty may be refurbished or contain
        refurbished components. The foregoing warranties and limitations are exclusive remedies and are in lieu of all
        other warranties express or implied, including without any limitation warranty of merchantability or fitness for
        a particular purpose.
Limitation of
        Liability:
CRICUT shall not under any circumstances be liable to
        any person for any special, incidental, indirect or consequential damages, including, without limitation,
        damages resulting from use of malfunction of the Products, loss of profits or revenues or costs of replacement
        goods, even if CRICUT is informed in advance of the possibility of such damages. Except as required by law, in
        no event will CRICUT’s liability in connection with the Products or this Purchase Order exceed the amounts
        actually paid to CRICUT under this Purchase Order for the Products giving rise to such liability. These
        limitations apply to all causes of action in the aggregate. No action may be brought or arbitration demanded at
        any time more than twelve (12) months after the occurrence of the facts giving rise to the cause of action.
General:
Parties will abide by all export laws and regulations of
        the United States with respect to export of any Hardware, Software or technical information provided by one to
        the other. Products shall not be supplied to a Distributor in any country if (1) the export of any such product
        to such country is prohibited by the laws of the United States, including the Export Regulations of the
        Department of Commerce of the International Traffic in Arms Regulation of the Department of State; (2) the
        import of any such Product into such country is prohibited by the laws of such country; or (3) the proper import
        certificate(s) required by the laws of such country for the lawful importation of any such product have not been
        obtained. Neither party shall be liable for delays or failure to meet obligations pursuant to this Purchase
        Order due to causes beyond the party’s reasonable control, provided the non-performing party promptly notifies
        the other party of the non-performance and takes all reasonable steps to recommence performance promptly.
Jurisdiction; Waiver
        of Jury Trial:
Any disputes arising out of this Purchase Order shall be
        subject to the jurisdiction of, and must be brought before, the state courts of Utah, county of Utah, or the
        U.S. District Court for the District of Utah. You consent to the waiver of a jury trial.
Applicable Law:
This Purchase Order shall be governed by and construed
        in accordance with the laws of the United States and the State of Utah. The parties agree that the United
        Nations Conventions on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods are specifically excluded from application
        of this Purchase Order.
Cricut Purchase Order Terms and Conditions
1.
                SERVICES & DELIVERABLES.
Seller agrees to provide the Goods or deliverables (collectively
            referred to as "Goods"), described in any purchase order, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions
            ("Agreement"). Upon acceptance of a purchase order, shipment of Goods or commencement of a Service, Seller
            shall be bound by the provisions of these Terms and Conditions, including all provisions set forth on the
            face of any applicable purchase order, whether Seller acknowledges or otherwise signs this Agreement or the
            purchase order, unless Seller objects to such terms in writing prior to shipping Goods or commencing
            Services.
This writing does not constitute a
            firm offer and may be revoked at any time prior to acceptance. This Agreement may not be added to, modified,
            superseded or otherwise altered, except by writing signed by an authorized Cricut representative. Any terms
            or conditions contained in any acknowledgment, invoice or other communication of Seller, which are
            inconsistent with the terms and conditions herein, are hereby rejected. If there is a conflict between the
            English terms and the Chinese terms, then English terms shall control. To the extent that this Agreement
            might be treated as an acceptance of Seller's prior offer, such acceptance is expressly made on condition of
            assent by Seller to the terms hereof and shipment of the Goods or beginning performance of any Services by
            Seller shall constitute such assent.
2.
                DELIVERY.
Time is of the essence. Delivery of Goods shall be made pursuant to the schedule, via
            the carrier and to the place specified on the face of the applicable purchase order and in compliance with
            Cricut’s Vendor Logistics Guide. Cricut reserves the right to return, collect shipping charges, all Goods
            received in advance of the delivery schedule. If no delivery schedule is specified, the order shall be
            filled promptly and delivery will be made by the most expeditious form of land transportation. If no method
            of shipment is specified in the purchase order, Seller shall use the least expensive carrier. In the event
            Seller fails to deliver the Goods within the time specified, Cricut may, at its option, decline to accept
            the Goods and terminate the Agreement or may demand its allocable fair share of Seller's available Goods and
            terminate the balance of the Agreement. Seller shall package all items in suitable containers to permit safe
            transportation and handling. Each delivered container must be labeled and marked to identify contents
            without opening and all boxes and packages must contain packing sheets listing contents. Cricut's purchase
            order number must appear on all shipping containers, packing sheets, delivery tickets and bills of lading.
3.
                IDENTIFICATION, RISK OF LOSS & DESTRUCTION OF GOODS.
Identification of the Goods shall occur
            in accordance with Cricut’s Vendor Logistics Guide, or as otherwise specified by Cricut. Seller assumes all
            risk of loss until receipt by Cricut. Title to the Goods shall pass to Cricut upon receipt by it of the
            Goods at the designated destination. If the Goods ordered are destroyed prior to title passing to Cricut,
            Cricut may at its option cancel the Agreement or require delivery of substitute Goods of equal quantity and
            quality. Such delivery will be made as soon as commercially practicable. If loss of Goods is partial, Cricut
            shall have the right to require delivery of the Goods not destroyed.
4.
                PAYMENT.
As full consideration for the delivery of the Goods and the assignment of rights to
            Cricut as provided herein, Cricut shall pay Seller the amount agreed upon and specified in the applicable
            purchase order. Applicable taxes and other charges such as shipping costs, duties, customs, tariffs, imposts
            and government imposed surcharges shall be stated separately on Seller's invoice. Payment is made when
            Cricut's check is mailed. Payment shall not constitute acceptance. All personal property taxes assessable
            upon the Goods prior to receipt by Cricut of Goods conforming to the purchase order shall be borne by
            Seller. Seller shall invoice Cricut for all Goods delivered and all Services actually performed. Each
            invoice submitted by Seller must be provided to Cricut within ninety (90) days of delivery of Goods and must
            reference the applicable purchase order, and Cricut reserves the right to return all incorrect invoices.
            Unless otherwise specified on the face of a purchase order, Cricut shall pay the invoiced amount within
            sixty (60) days after receipt of a correct invoice.
5.
                WARRANTIES.
Seller warrants that all Goods provided will be new and will not be used or
            refurbished. Seller warrants that all Goods delivered shall be free from defects in materials, design and
            workmanship and shall conform to all applicable specifications for a period of fifteen (15) months from the
            date of delivery to Cricut or for the period provided in Seller's standard warranty covering the Goods,
            whichever is longer. Furthermore, the Products will be free from defects and materials which could create a
            hazard to life or property; the Products will conform in all respects with all applicable international,
            federal, state, agency, and local laws, orders, and regulations, including, without limitation, those
            regarding: (a) safety, (b) content, (c) flammability, (d) weights, measures, and sizes, (e) processing,
            manufacturing, labeling, advertising, selling, shipping, and invoicing, (f) registration and declaration of
            responsibility, (g) occupational safety and health, and (h) noise, radio and electromagnetic emissions. If
            requested by Cricut in the Purchase Order, Seller hereby agrees that it will make spare parts available to
            Cricut for a period of five (5) years from the date of shipment at Sellers then current price. Additionally,
            Goods purchased shall be subject to all written express warranties made by Seller's agents. All warranties
            shall be construed as conditions as well as warranties and shall not be exclusive. Seller shall furnish to
            Cricut Seller's standard warranty and service guaranty applicable to the Goods. All warranties and Service
            guaranties shall run both to Cricut and to its customers.
If Cricut identifies a warranty
            problem with the Goods during the warranty period, Cricut will promptly notify Seller of such problems and
            will return the Goods to Seller, at Seller's expense. Within five (5) business days of receipt of the
            returned Goods, Seller shall, at Cricut's option, either repair or replace such Goods, or credit Cricut's
            account for the same.
Replacement and repaired Goods
            shall be warranted for the remainder of the warranty period or six (6) months, whichever is longer.
6.
                INSPECTION.
Cricut shall have a reasonable time after receipt of Goods or Service deliverables
            and before payment to inspect them for conformity hereto, and Goods received prior to inspection shall not
            be deemed accepted until Cricut has run an adequate test to determine whether the Goods conform to the
            specifications hereof. Use of a portion of the Goods for the purpose of testing shall not constitute an
            acceptance of the Goods. If Goods tendered do not wholly conform with the provisions hereof, Cricut shall
            have the right to reject such Goods. Nonconforming Goods will be returned to Seller freight collect and risk
            of loss will pass to Seller upon Cricut's delivery to the common carrier.
7.
                INDEPENDENT CONTRACTOR.
Seller is an independent contractor for all purposes, without express or
            implied authority to bind Cricut by contract or otherwise. Neither Seller nor its employees, agents or
            subcontractors ("Seller's Assistants") are agents or employees of Cricut.
8.
                SELLER RESPONSIBLE FOR TAXES AND RECORDS.
Seller shall be solely responsible for filing the
            appropriate federal, state and local tax forms, and paying all such taxes or fees, including estimated taxes
            and employment taxes, due with respect to Seller's receipt of payment under this Agreement. Seller further
            agrees to provide Cricut with reasonable assistance in the event of a government audit. Cricut shall have no
            responsibility to pay or withhold from any payment to Seller under this Agreement, any federal, state or
            local taxes or fees.
9.
                INSURANCE.
Seller shall be solely responsible for maintaining liability, and other insurance, as
            is required by law or as is the common practice in Seller's trades or businesses, whichever affords greater
            coverage. Upon request, Seller shall provide Cricut with certificates of insurance or evidence of coverage
            before commencing performance under this Agreement. Seller shall provide adequate coverage for any Cricut
            property under the care, custody or control of Seller.
10.
                INDEMNITY.
Seller shall indemnify, hold harmless, and at Cricut's request, defend Cricut, its
            officers, directors, customers, agents and employees, against all claims, liabilities, damages, losses and
            expenses, including attorneys' fees and cost of suit arising out of or in any way connected with the Goods
            or Services provided under this Agreement, including, without limitation, (i) any claim based on the death
            or bodily injury to any person, destruction or damage to property, or contamination of the environment and
            any associated clean up costs, (ii) any claim based on the negligence, omissions or willful misconduct of
            Seller or any Seller's Assistants, and (iii) except where a design, or specification, is provided by Cricut,
            any claim by a third party against Cricut alleging that the Goods or Services, the results of such Services,
            or any other products or processes provided under this Agreement, infringe a patent, copyright, trademark,
            trade secret or other proprietary right of a third party, whether such are provided alone or in combination
            with other products, software or processes. Seller shall not settle any such suit or claim without Cricut's
            prior written approval. Seller agrees to pay or reimburse all costs that may be incurred by Cricut in
            enforcing this indemnity, including attorneys' fees.
Should Cricut's use, or use by its
            distributors, subcontractors or customers, of any Goods or Services purchased from Seller be enjoined, be
            threatened by injunction, or be the subject of any legal proceeding, Seller shall, at is sole cost and
            expense, either (a) substitute fully equivalent non-infringing Goods or Services; (b) modify the Goods or
            Services so that they no longer infringe but remain fully equivalent in functionality; (c) obtain for
            Cricut, its distributors, subcontractors or customers the right to continue using the Goods or Services; or
            (d) if none of the foregoing is possible, refund all amounts paid for the infringing Goods or Services.
11.
                CONFIDENTIALITY.
Seller will acquire knowledge of Cricut Confidential Information (as defined
            below) in connection with its performance hereunder and agrees to keep such Cricut Confidential Information
            in confidence during and following termination or expiration of this Agreement. "Cricut Confidential
            Information" includes but is not limited to all information, whether written or oral, in any form, including
            without limitation, information relating to the research, development, products, methods of manufacture,
            trade secrets, business plans, customers, vendors, finances, personnel data, Work Product (as defined
            herein) and other material or information considered proprietary by Cricut relating to the current or
            anticipated business or affairs of Cricut which is disclosed directly or indirectly to Seller. In addition,
            Cricut Confidential Information means any third party's proprietary or confidential information disclosed to
            Seller in the course of providing Services or Goods to Cricut. Cricut Confidential Information does not
            include any information (i) which Seller lawfully knew without restriction on disclosure before Cricut
            disclosed it to Seller, (ii) which is now or becomes publicly known through no wrongful act or failure to
            act of Seller, (iii) which Seller developed independently without use of the Cricut Confidential
            Information, as evidenced by appropriate documentation.
12.
                OWNERSHIP OF WORK PRODUCT.
For purposes of this Agreement, "Work Product" shall include, without
            limitation, all designs, discoveries, creations, works, devices, masks, models, work in progress,
            inventions, products, improvements, developments, drawings, notes, documents, business processes,
            information and materials made, conceived or developed by Seller alone or with others which result from or
            relate to the Goods provided hereunder. Standard Goods manufactured by Seller and sold to Cricut without
            having been designed, customized or modified for Cricut do not constitute Work Product. All Work Product
            shall at all times be and remain the sole and exclusive property of Cricut. Seller hereby agrees to
            irrevocably assign and transfer to Cricut and does hereby assign and transfer to Cricut all of its worldwide
            right, title and interest in and to the Work Product including all associated intellectual property rights.
            Seller agrees: (a) to disclose promptly in writing to Cricut all Work Product in its possession; (b) to
            assist Cricut in every reasonable way, at Cricut's expense, to secure, perfect, register, apply for,
            maintain, and defend for Cricut's benefit all copyrights, patent rights, mask work rights, trade secret
            rights, and all other proprietary rights or statutory protections in and to the Work Product in Cricut's
            name as it deems appropriate; and (c) to otherwise treat all Work Product as Cricut Confidential Information
            as described above. These obligations to disclose, assist, execute and keep confidential survive the
            expiration or termination of this Agreement. All tools and equipment supplied by Cricut to Seller shall
            remain the sole property of Cricut.
13.
                TERMINATION.
Cricut may terminate this Agreement upon written notice. In the event of such
            termination, Cricut shall pay Seller for the portion of those conforming Goods delivered to Cricut through
            the date of termination, less appropriate offsets.
Upon the expiration or termination
            of this Agreement: (a) each party will be released from all obligations to the other arising after the date
            of expiration or termination, except for those which by their terms survive such termination or expiration;
            and (b) Seller will promptly notify Cricut of all Cricut Confidential Information or any Work Product in
            Seller's possession and, at the expense of Seller and in accordance with Cricut's instructions, will
            promptly deliver to Cricut all such Cricut Confidential Information and/or Work Product.
14.
                FORCE MAJEURE.
Cricut shall not be liable for any failure to perform including failure to take
            delivery of the Goods as provided caused by circumstances beyond its control which make such performance
            commercially impractical including, but not limited to, acts of God, fire, flood, acts of war, government
            action, accident, labor difficulties or shortage, inability to obtain materials, equipment or
            transportation. In the event Cricut is so excused, either party may terminate the Agreement and Cricut shall
            at its expense and risk, return any Goods received to the place of shipment.
15.
                SEVERABILITY.
If any provision of this Agreement shall be deemed to be invalid, illegal or
            unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be
            affected or impaired thereby.
16.
                LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.
IN NO EVENT SHALL CRICUT BE LIABLE TO SELLER OR SELLER'S ASSISTANTS, OR
            ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF, OR IN
            CONNECTION WITH, THIS AGREEMENT, WHETHER OR NOT CRICUT WAS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
17.
                ASSIGNMENT; WAIVER.
Seller may not assign this Agreement or any of its rights or obligations
            under this Agreement, without the prior written consent of Cricut. Any assignment or transfer without such
            written consent shall be null and void. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and be binding upon,
            the successors and assigns of Cricut without restriction. A waiver of any default hereunder or of any term
            or condition of this Agreement shall not be deemed to be a continuing waiver or a waiver of any other
            default or any other term or condition.
18.
                NON-EXCLUSIVE AGREEMENT.
This is not an exclusive Agreement. Cricut is free to engage others to
            perform Services or provide Goods the same as or similar to Seller's. Seller is free to, and is encouraged
            to, advertise, offer and provide Seller's Services and/or Goods to others; provided however, that Seller
            does not breach this Agreement.
19.
                NOTICES.
Except for Purchase Orders which may be sent by local mail, facsimile transmission, or
            electronically transmitted, all notices, and other communications hereunder shall be in writing, and shall
            be addressed to Seller or to an authorized Cricut representative, and shall be considered given when (a)
            delivered personally, (b) sent by confirmed telex or facsimile, (c) sent by commercial overnight courier
            with written verification receipt, or (d) three (3) days after having been sent, postage prepaid, by first
            class or certified mail.
20.
                SURVIVAL OF OBLIGATIONS.
Any obligations and duties which by their nature extend beyond the
            expiration or termination of this Agreement shall survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement.
21.
                GOVERNING LAW.
This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with, and disputes shall be
            governed by, the laws of the State of Utah, excluding its conflict of law rules. The Fourth District Court
            of Utah or the United States District Court for the District of Utah shall have jurisdiction and venue over
            all controversies arising out of, or relating to, this Agreement. The applicability of the UN Convention on
            Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is hereby expressly waived by the parties and it shall not
            apply to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
22.
                ENTIRE AGREEMENT; MODIFICATION.
This Agreement is the complete, final and exclusive statement of
            the terms of the Agreement between the parties and supersedes any and all other prior and contemporaneous
            negotiations and agreements, whether oral or written, between them relating to the subject matter hereof.
            This Agreement may not be varied, modified, altered, or amended except in writing, including a purchase
            order or a change order issued by Cricut, signed by the parties. The terms and conditions of this Agreement
            shall prevail notwithstanding any variance with the terms and conditions of any acknowledgment or other
            document submitted by Seller. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement will not supersede or take the
            place of any written Agreement which is signed by both parties and covers the same subject matter as this
            Agreement or its related purchase orders.
23.
                COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS.
Seller shall comply fully with all applicable federal, state and local laws
            in the performance of this Agreement. Upon Cricut's request, Seller will promptly provide Cricut with a
            statement of origin for all Goods and other documents reasonably requested by Cricut in order to effect the
            import/export of the Goods to the location designated by Cricut.
24.
                INJUNCTIVE RELIEF.
Seller acknowledges and agrees that the obligations and promises of Seller
            under this Agreement are of a unique, intellectual nature giving them particular value. Seller's breach of
            any of the promises contained in this Agreement will result in irreparable and continuing damage to Cricut
            for which there will be no adequate remedy at law and, in the event of such breach, Cricut will be entitled
            to seek injunctive relief, or a decree of specific performance.
Digital Credit Terms & Conditions
The following terms govern the use and
        redemption of certain promotional credits made available to you as a limited promotion in connection with the
        sale of Cricut
®
products. These terms and conditions apply except where otherwise required
        by law. This credit can only be redeemed for certain digital images or other digital material made available by
        Cricut on its websites. The credit is provided to you as a free promotional component of a product offering.
This is a limited-time offer.
        Credit/codes must be redeemed by the expiration date indicated on the promotional card or offer details.
        Credit/codes may only be used for purchases of digital Cricut
®
content through Cricut Design
        Space
™
, Cricut Craft Room
®
or other Cricut
®
designated sites.
        Digital credit/codes are available to customers located and with billing addresses in the United States and
        Canada. You must have a cricut.com account and accept the cricut.com Terms of Use and Privacy Policy to redeem
        your credit/codes. You must have, or download, Cricut Design Space
™
or Cricut Craft
        Room
®
design software in order to purchase digital Cricut
®
products.
        This offer is not transferable, not exchangeable, and not redeemable for cash, and is void where prohibited by
        law. Additional taxes may apply in certain jurisdictions.
We reserve the right, in our sole
        discretion, to terminate or modify this promotion. Notice of a modification will be posted at this website. This
        promotional offer applies only to qualifying products.
Gift Cards
Purchase of or use of this card constitutes agreement to
        the following terms:
This card may only be used for
        purchases made online at cricut.com.  This card has no fees and is not redeemable or refundable for
        cash.  Unless stated otherwise, this card shall not expire and may not be redeemed for shipments outside
        the U.S.  Lost or stolen cards will not be replaced.
Additional payment required if purchase
        price exceeds the value of the Cricut Gift Card.  Gift Cards are not for resale.  Any term or
        condition of this card is void where prohibited by law.  These terms and conditions are subject to change
        without notice.  To check the available balance on a Gift Card, call 877-7CRICUT.  Issued by Cricut,
        Inc.
End
‑
User License Agreement(s)
Please see the following End-User License Agreements (EULA)
    reproduced and available below for your review and convenience. The EULAs each contain the user rights and
    restrictions for the associated Cricut product.
Cricut
        Mini
®
Cricut
        Expression
®
2
Cricut
        Imagine
®
Cricut
®
Cartridge
Cricut
        Gypsy
™
Cricut Craft
        Room
®
Cricut
        DesignStudio
®
Cricut
        Design Space
™
General Certificates of
    Conformity
Yudu Screen Printing Inks
Cuttlekids Machine
Painted Wood Shapes
Product MSDS
Cricut Mat Adhesive
YUDU Blockout
YUDU Emulsion Film
YUDU Emulsion
        Remover
Our Commitment to Accessibility
Cricut is committed to making our website's content
    accessible and user friendly to everyone. If you are having difficulty viewing or navigating the content on this
    website, or notice any content, feature, or functionality that you believe is not fully accessible to people with
    disabilities, call our Member Care team at
877-727-4288
or email our
    team at
accessibilitysupport@cricut.com
with
    “Disabled Access” in the subject line and provide a description of the specific feature you feel is not fully
    accessible or a suggestion for improvement. We take your feedback seriously and will consider it as we evaluate ways
    to accommodate all of our customers and our overall accessibility policies. Additionally, while we do not control
    such vendors, we strongly encourage vendors of third-party digital content to provide content that is accessible and
    user friendly.
CRICUT CONTENT STANDARDS
Creativity is at the center of everything we do in the Cricut Community. We want to protect the Cricut Community as a safe place for everyone to express their creativity, while respecting the rights of others. This means that some content does not belong in the Cricut Community, and the content that does belong should be tagged for appropriate maturity levels so that users have some choice in the type of content they see, with an ability to opt in to viewing sensitive/mature content. The following are the Cricut Content Standards (“Standards”), including descriptions of content that does not belong in the Cricut Community, the categorization and tagging process for content that is permissible for the Cricut Community, and the process for reporting and removal of inappropriate content. The Standards are a part of the Cricut Terms of Use, and all those who access or upload content to the Cricut Site agree to abide by these Standards.
CONTENT THAT DOES NOT BELONG IN THE CRICUT COMMUNITY
OTHER PEOPLE'S INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
What this means: Do not copy all or even part of other people’s creations without their permission. Original designs and images created by other people are automatically protected by copyright law; brands and logos are typically protected by trademark law (including Cricut logos and other Cricut trademarks); ideas might be protected by a patent issued by the government; and using someone else’s name or face without their permission to help sell your content can infringe their personal right of publicity. Even if you only incorporate a part of someone else’s creation into a part of your creation, you may be liable for infringement. Because it can be very difficult (even for experienced intellectual property lawyers) to determine whether a particular design infringes the intellectual property rights of others,
avoid uploading any Content that is not completely your own original work.
Examples of Content that does not belong (the examples discussed herein are just a few illustrative examples and are not an exhaustive list of all prohibited content):
A copy of an original design of a tiger family created by someone else
An ocean-themed design with ocean figures created entirely by you except for one figure that is a copy of someone
else’s mermaid drawing
A design that includes an image of a famous cartoon character
A design that includes the logo of your favorite professional sport’s team
A design that has been labeled with the name of another person
CHILD ENDANGERMENT
What this means: Do not portray children in scenarios that are inappropriate for their age, including but not limited to dangerous activities, sexualized scenarios, nudity, or engaging with alcohol or other adult substances or objects. Do not expose children to inappropriate Content including but not limited to asking for personally identifiable details or discussing or soliciting lewd acts.
Examples of Content that does not belong:
A child smoking a cigarette or using illegal drugs
Sexual language with or about a child
A child engaged in sexual acts or in sexual costume
Symbols/images/phrases associated with child trafficking
Children in scenarios where there is a great risk of bodily harm
A child holding a weapon unsuitable for the child’s age or in a threatening manner
Asking a child for photos or personal information or to meet up with you
GRAPHIC ADULT CONTENT
What this means: Do not post pornography, anything suggesting illegal or non-consensual activity, or solicit sexual activity.
Examples of Content that does not belong:
Sex acts
Images that suggest non-consent (including anything involving minors)
Images that suggest sexual violence
Written discussion that is sexually graphic in nature
Sexually explicit depictions of an identifiable person
ILLEGAL ACTIVITIES AND TARGETED VIOLENCE
What this means: Do not depict, advocate for, threaten or glamorize illegal activities, or with respect to violence targeted toward an identifiable individual or common-characteristic group.
Examples of Content that does not belong:
Depictions or threats of people abusing or killing others
Animal cruelty
Crimes against property (theft, arson, vandalism)
Depictions of illegal drugs and illegal drug use
Gang symbols or activity
Terrorist propaganda or activity
HATE
What this means: Do not express derogation of, hatred of, or harm to others on the basis of any group characteristic or protected class, such as gender, race, nationality, sexual orientation, religion, or disability. Do not solicit participation in or promote organized hate.
Examples of Content that does not belong:
Slurs and other derogatory terms for people in a protected group
Profanity directed to a protected group
Promoting physical harm to a protected group
Promoting the denial of lawful rights to a specific group
Desecration of religious symbols and figures
Asking people to join an organized hate group
HARASSMENT AND DEFAMATION
What this means: Do not harass, insult, bully or otherwise attempt to cause emotional injury to others. Do not make false statements of fact about others that harm their reputation.
Examples of Content that does not belong:
Name-calling or cursing
Mocking or degrading the appearance or condition of another
Designs intending to inflict emotional distress on a specific person
Untrue statements of fact about a specific person (defamation)
Repeatedly sending unwelcome communications to another
Sexual harassment
INVASIONS OF PRIVACY
What this means: Do not invade the privacy of others including but not limited to exposing their confidential, proprietary, financial, medical or personal details.
Examples of Content that does not belong:
Disclosing non-public personal information
Sharing intimate imagery of another
Depictions of specific children without parental consent
SELF-HARM
What this means: Do not promote or encourage suicide or self-harm.
Examples of Content that does not belong:
Images of cutting or suicide scenes
Encouraging extreme dieting
Directing others to commit suicide
GRAPHIC CONTENT
What this means: Do not portray Content that involves extremely shocking or violent human or animal suffering.
Examples of Content that does not belong:
Photos or videos of deceased bodies
Photos or videos of dismembered body parts
Shocking depictions of executions
Burning people
Excessive blood and gore
DECEPTIVE CONTENT
What this means: Do not contribute Content that is intentionally misleading.
Examples of Content that does not belong:
False advertisements about products or services
Phishing communications designed to get people to divulge personal information
Clickbait
SPAM
What this means: Do not contribute Content that does not pertain directly to our Site or the applicable Sponsored Activity.
Examples of Content that does not belong:
Posting an advertisement for a job
Advertising participation in a multi-level marketing or pyramid enterprise
Asking others to buy products from a multi-level marketing enterprise
Asking others to “Like my content”
Soliciting the donation, sale or purchase of non-Cricut products or services, coupons, eBay postings etc.
INTERFERENCE
What this means: Do not do anything to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of the Cricut Site or the experience of other users on the Site; and do not attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Site.
Examples of Content that does not belong:
Viruses or Trojan horses
Scraping of content from the Site
Statements encouraging others to disrupt the Site or scrape Content from the Site
Automated communications with the Site
Providing access to the Site to a third party through your account name and password
FILTER CAPABILITY FOR MATURE CONTENT THAT MAY NOT BE APPROPRIATE FOR ALL USERS
Cricut has updated Design Space by adding a filter feature for categories of mature content, which provides the Cricut Community with the ability to view mature content that may not be appropriate for all users but is otherwise not prohibited by the Standards. The default setting for mature content is “hidden”; however, a user may opt-in to some or all of the mature content categories to enhance their image and/or project search. The specific mature categories and the duties of Cricut users with respect to categorization and tagging are described below.
MATURE CONTENT CATEGORIES
Strong language, including profanity or obscenities
Nudity or semi-nude depictions of the human body
Drug use, including references to or depictions of drugs and paraphernalia
Violent or Graphic Content, including weapons, fighting, scenes of violence, gore, etc.
Mature/crude humor and/or suggestive themes
Sexual or sexually suggestive content, including implied references to sexual acts
Alcohol or tobacco products and the lawful use thereof
DUTIES OF USERS WHO UPLOAD CONTENT TO THE SITE.
CREATORS WHO UPLOAD MATURE CONTENT TO THE SITE ARE REQUIRED TO DESIGNATE A CATEGORY AND ASSIGN THE APPROPRIATE TAG TO THAT CONTENT. CONTENT THAT HAS BEEN INCORRECTLY DESIGNATED WITH AN INCORRECT TAG MAY BE REPORTED BY THE CRICUT COMMUNITY AND/OR CORRECTED OR REMOVED BY CRICUT AT ITS SOLE DISCRETION. IT IS A VIOLATION OF THE CRICUT TERMS OF USE AND CRICUT CONTENT STANDARDS TO KNOWINGLY ASSIGN AN INCORRECT TAG TO CONTENT OR TO KNOWINGLY MAKE A FALSE REPORT THAT ANOTHER USER’S CONTENT HAS BEEN INCORRECTLY DESIGNATED.
DUTIES OF USERS WHO ACCESS CONTENT ON THE SITE.
CRICUT USERS WHO ACCESS AND VIEW CONTENT ON THE SITE HAVE THE ABILITY AND THE RESPONSIBILITY TO ADJUST THEIR ACCOUNT SETTINGS TO ONLY DISPLAY CONTENT THAT IS APPROPRIATE FOR THAT USER’S AGE OR SENSITIVITIES. IF YOU FIND CONTENT THAT IS NOT THE TYPE OF CONTENT THAT YOU WANT TO VIEW, IT IS YOUR RESPONSIBILITY TO ADJUST YOUR ACCOUNT SETTINGS TO FILTER OUT THE UNDESIREABLE CONTENT OR TO REFRAIN FROM ACCESSING THE SITE.
MODERATION OF CONTENT THAT VIOLATES CRICUT CONTENT STANDARDS
Moderation of Content is the process by which Content that violates the Standards is identified and removed from the Site. Both the Cricut Community and Cricut itself participate in this process, as described below.
MODERATION BY THE CRICUT COMMUNITY
Because it is not possible for Cricut to review all Content that gets posted to the Site, Cricut has enabled features that allow the Cricut Community to report Content that violates the Standards. Cricut users should not assume that user-posted Content has been approved by Cricut, regardless of how long that Content has been on the Site. To the contrary, the Cricut Community is the first line of defense against Content that violates the Standards.
Although Cricut encourages users to report Content that violates the Standards, users must carefully read and consider these standards before reporting Content. It is a violation of the Cricut Terms of Use and Cricut Content Standards to knowingly make a false report.
When Content is reported by the Cricut Community as violating the Standards, that Content is subject to removal automatically without further notice or review. To help protect the Cricut Community from inappropriate Content, Cricut reserves the right to enable such automatic removal of Content or to employ whatever criteria it deems appropriate to determine when user-reported Content is to be removed from the Site. In some cases, this could mean that Content reported by the Cricut Community gets removed even though it does not actually violate the Standards. Unfortunately, this may be a necessary cost of otherwise protecting the Cricut Community from inappropriate Content.
MODERATION BY CRICUT
Cricut may identify and remove Content from the Site that Cricut determines to be in violation of the Standards, even if that Content has not been reported by the Cricut Community.
Cricut may correct or remove Content that has been inaccurately categorized and tagged
Cricut may choose to review Content that has been reported by the Cricut Community and come to a different conclusion
            than the Cricut Community about whether that Content is in violation of the Standards.
Cricut may terminate the account of users engaged in blatant or repeated violations of the Cricut Content Standards.
To ensure that Cricut is able to help protect the Cricut Community from inappropriate Content, Cricut will have no
liability to any user as a result of the removal of Content from the Site, regardless of timing, notice, or reason.
Some products in your cart can be purchased only with
Cricut Access
and will be removed from your cart as well. Are you sure you want to remove
?
×
You are currently viewing Cricut World
Update your location?
Ireland
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Cookies Settings
Reject All
Accept All Cookies
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
User ID:
3071b3f1-56d2-406c-8af7-7cfbc6d98223
This User ID will be used as a unique identifier while storing and accessing your preferences for future.
Timestamp:
--
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites, limit how often you see the same ads on our site and allow us to display and deliver content related to your interests. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
YouTube.com Cookies
YouTube is a Google-owned platform for hosting and sharing videos. YouTube collects user data through videos embedded in websites, which is aggregated with profile data from other Google services in order to display targeted advertising to web visitors across a broad range of their own and other websites. YouTube.com Cookies are also deemed Targeting Cookies (see above definition).
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label