This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.
Learn more
Got it!
iphone
mac
GET FOR IPHONE
GET FOR MAC
contact
Software / Apps
There is no adware / spyware or any other malicious code in our products. We guarantee the 
						quality of our software and your personal privacy. The software distributed from our 
						web-sites or authorized third parties (like Apple Stores) does not collect or send any 
						personal information to our servers. We encourage you to download our software directly 
						from our web-site to avoid potential security risks, such as downloading infected software.
Use of Cookies
We use cookies to store your preferences, for example the cookie-bar notification uses
						a cookie to store your option to not show the cookie-bar again. Cookies are a fundamental
						part of the world wide web and the most private system for storing user preferences. The 
						cookies are tiny plain text files with settings, stored on the user's computer, incapable 
						of performing any action by themselves. Something that the EU officials seem to not understand.
Newsletter
The e-mail addresses we collect will never be sold and they will only be used by us to send 
						no more that six newsletters per year. Every subscriber can easily unsubscribe from the 
						newsletter at any time.
Personal Information
We collect basic personal information when you fill out the contact forms or subscribe to 
						our newsletter. This information is used to contact the users about the services on our 
						web-site for which they have expressed interest or reply to a query. Such personal information 
						is stored on our servers and is accessed by authorized personnel only.
Server Log Files
We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track visitor's movement, and 
						gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to 
						personally identifiable information. The log files are deleted on a monthly basis.