Shop
PRIVACY POLICY
Last Updated: July 31, 2024
This Privacy Policy describes the privacy practices of Elfster, Inc. ("
Elfster
", "
we
", "
us
", or "
our
"), and how we handle personal information that we collect through and in connection
        with our website at https://www.elfster.com, our applications, and any other website or service that we own or control
        and that links to this Privacy Policy (collectively, the "
Service
" or "
Services
"). This Policy applies to our website visitors, users of our applications, business contacts, and other individuals who
      interact with us.
Please see our Privacy Snapshot below for a high-level overview of our privacy practices.
Personal Information We Collect
We collect the following categories of personal information about you:
Information you provide to us:
Contact information
, such as your first and last name, email and mailing addresses, and
            birthday. You may also provide contact information of your friends or other contacts when you invite them to join
            Elfster.
Account information
, such as the username and password you use to access our Services.
Communications
that we exchange with you, including when you contact us with questions, feedback, or otherwise.
Wishlist details
, such as notes and preferences regarding items and sizing added to wishlists
            you create or contribute to.
Marketing information
such as your preferences for receiving our marketing communications and details about your engagement with
          them.
Other information
not specifically listed here, which we will use as described in this Privacy Policy or as otherwise disclosed at the
          time of collection.
Where you provide us with the personal information of third parties, such as your friends or other contacts, it is your
      responsibility to inform them about the processing of their personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy,
      and to confirm that they have given their permission.
Automatic data collection
. We and our service providers may automatically log and combine
          information about you, your computer or mobile device, and your interactions over time with the Services, online
          resources, and our communications, such as:
Device data
, including your computer's or mobile device's operating system type and version,
            manufacturer and model, browser type, screen resolution, device type (e.g., phone, tablet), IP address, unique
            identifiers, language settings, and general location information such as city, state, or geographic area.
Usage data
, including pages, screens and/or features you viewed, accessed and/or used, how
            long you spent on a page, screen and/or feature, the website you visited before browsing to the Services, navigation
            paths between pages or screens, information about your activity on a page, screen and/or feature, access times, duration
            of access, and whether you have opened or otherwise engaged with our communications, such as our marketing emails, or
            clicked links or files within them.
We use the following tools for automatic data collection:
Cookies
, which are text files that websites store on a visitor's device to uniquely identify
            the visitor's browser or to store information or settings in the browser for the purpose of helping you navigate between
            pages efficiently, remembering your preferences, enabling functionality, and helping us understand user activity and
            patterns.
Local storage technologies
, like HTML5, that provide cookie-equivalent functionality but can
            store larger amounts of data, including on your device outside of your browser in connection with specific applications.
Web beacons
, also known as pixel tags or clear GIFs, which are used to demonstrate that a
            webpage or email was accessed or opened, or that certain content was viewed or clicked.
Information we obtain from other sources:
Third-party login information
. When you link, connect, or log in to our Services with a
            third-party service (e.g., Google or Facebook), you may direct the service to send us information controlled by that
            service or as authorized by you via your privacy settings on that service.
Social media
. We may maintain pages on social media platforms, such as LinkedIn, Instagram,
            and other third-party platforms. When you visit or interact with our pages on those platforms, you or the platforms may
            provide us with information through the platform, and we will treat such information in accordance with this Privacy
            Policy.
Other sources
. We may obtain personal information from other third parties, such as marketing
            partners, publicly-available sources, and data providers.
How We Use Personal Information
We use personal information for the following purposes or as otherwise described at the time of collection:
To provide our Services
. This includes:
Administering, hosting, and operating our Services;
Communicating with you and responding to any inquiries you may have; and
Analyzing your use of our Services to allow us to evaluate and improve the Services.
For research, development, benchmarking, and improving our Services
. We may use personal
        information to analyze and improve the Services, identify trends, and operate and expand our business activities. We may
        also create aggregated, anonymized, or other de-identified statistics, which we may use for lawful business purposes,
        including for analytics, forecasting, and strategic planning.
For marketing and advertising
. We and our advertising partners may collect and use your
          personal information for marketing and advertising purposes, including:
Email
. We or our advertising partners may from time-to-time send you direct marketing emails
            as permitted by law, including, but not limited to, notifying you of special promotions, offers and events via email.
            You may opt out of our marketing emails as described in the "Opt out of marketing communications" section below.
Text message
. We may send you text messages to invite you to the Service or notify you about
            special offers or opportunities. If you would like more information about our do-not-call policy, or how to opt out,
            please review the "Opt out of marketing communications" section below. You may be liable for standard SMS and per-minute
            charges by your mobile carrier.
Interest-based advertising
. We engage our advertising partners, including third party
            advertising companies and social media companies, to display ads around the web. These companies may use cookies and
            similar technologies to collect information about your interaction over time across our Services, our communications,
            and other online services, and use that information to serve online ads that they think will interest you. We may also
            share information about our users with these companies to facilitate interest-based advertising to those or similar
            users on other online platforms. You can learn more about your choices for limiting interest-based advertising in the
            "Online tracking opt-out" section below.
For compliance and protection
. We may use personal information to comply with legal
        obligations, including to enforce any applicable terms and conditions, defend against legal claims or disputes, protect
        the security and integrity of our Services, and identify and investigate fraudulent, harmful, unauthorized, unethical or
        illegal activity.
How We Disclose Personal Information
We may disclose personal information to the following individuals or entities and as otherwise described in this Privacy
      Policy or at the time of collection:
Other Elfster users
. Other users, such as other wishlist creators who may choose to follow you
        or a specific wishlist that you set as public. If your account is discoverable, other Elfster users may see basic
        information including your name, wishes, and birthday, if you have provided it. You may exclude your account from being
        discoverable via the "Privacy Settings" within your "profile settings". Similarly, you can modify the discoverability of
        your wishlists within "wishlist settings".
Elfster users within your Elfster family
. To make wishing, shopping, and gift exchange fun and
        social, we offer the ability to link existing accounts or create new accounts associated under an existing account,
        which we call "families". The managing account is designated as the "Family Admin". If you have a linked account under a
        Family Admin, we share all account information to allow the Family Admin to manage the account for you.
Service providers
. Companies and individuals that provide services on our behalf or help us
        operate the Services or our business (such as hosting, information technology, customer support, email delivery, and
        analytics services).
Third-party business partners
. Third-party companies from which you may purchase products
        directly from after being redirected from the Services.
Professional advisors
. Professional advisors, such as lawyers, auditors, bankers, and
        insurers, where necessary in the course of the professional services that they render to us.
Authorities and others
. Law enforcement, government authorities, and private parties, as we
        believe in good faith to be necessary or appropriate for the compliance and protection purposes described above.
Business transferees
. Acquirers and other relevant participants in business transactions (or
        negotiations for such transactions) involving a corporate divestiture, merger, consolidation, acquisition,
        reorganization, sale or other disposition of all or any portion of the business or assets of, or equity interests in,
        our business (including, in connection with a bankruptcy or similar proceedings)
Your Privacy Rights and Choices
Access or update your information
. If you have registered for an account with us, you may
        review and update certain personal information in your account profile by logging into the account.
Opt out of marketing communications
. You may opt out of marketing-related communications –
        both emails and texts - by following the opt-out or unsubscribe instructions in the communications you receive from us
        or by contacting us as provided in the "How to Contact Us" section below. You may continue to receive Services-related
        and other non-marketing communications.
Personal information requests
. We offer you choices that affect how we handle your personal
          information. Depending on your location and the nature of your interactions with our Services, you may request the
          following in relation to personal information:
Information
about how we have collected and used personal information. We have made this information available to you without having
          to request it by including it in this Privacy Policy.
Access
to a copy of the personal information that we have collected about you. Where applicable, we will provide the
          information in a portable, machine-readable, readily usable format.
Correction
of personal information that is inaccurate or out of date.
Deletion
of personal information that we no longer need to provide the Services or for other lawful purposes.
Opt out
of the sharing of your personal information or use of your information for interest-based advertising. We share
          information with third-party advertising partners as described in the "How we use personal information" and "How we
          disclose personal information" sections above. Our disclosure of information to these partners may be considered a
          "sale" or "sharing" of personal information or "targeted advertising" under applicable laws. You can opt out of these
          disclosures and limit our use of tracking technologies as described below or by clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share My
          Personal Information" link on the footer of our website or in our mobile applications.
Opt out
of "profiling" in connection with decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects. We do not engage in
          profiling in connection with decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects.
Appeal
our denial of your personal information request by contacting us as set out in the "How to Contact Us" section
          below.
To make a request, please email us or write to us as provided in the "How to Contact Us" section below. We may ask for
      specific information from you to help us confirm your identity. You are entitled to exercise the rights described above
      free from discrimination.
Limits on your privacy rights and choices
. In some instances, your choices may be limited,
        such as where fulfilling your request would impair the rights of others, our ability to provide a service you have
        requested, or our ability to comply with our legal obligations and enforce our legal rights. If you are not satisfied
        with how we address your request, you may submit a complaint by contacting us as provided in the "How to Contact Us"
        section below.
Opt out of online tracking
. There are a number of ways to opt out of having your online
          activity and device data collected through our Services, which we have summarized below:
Blocking cookies in your browser
. Most browsers let you remove or reject cookies, including
            cookies used for interest-based advertising. To do this, follow the instructions in your browser settings. Many browsers
            accept cookies by default until you change your settings. For more information about cookies, including how to see what
            cookies have been set on your device and how to manage and delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
Blocking advertising ID use in your mobile settings
. Your mobile device settings may provide
            functionality to limit use of the advertising ID associated with your mobile device for interest-based advertising
            purposes.
Using privacy plug-ins or browsers
. You can block our Services from setting cookies by using a
            browser with privacy features, like Brave, or installing browser plugins like Privacy Badger, DuckDuckGo, Ghostery or
            uBlock Origin, and configuring them to block cookies/trackers.
Google Analytics
. We use Google Analytics to help us better understand how people engage with
            our Services by collecting information and creating reports about how users use our Services. For more information on
            Google Analytics, click here. For more information about Google's privacy practices, click here. You can opt out of
            Google Analytics by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available at:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
.
Platform opt-outs
. The following advertising partners offer opt-out features that let you opt
            out of use of your information for interest-based advertising:
Google
Facebook
LinkedIn
Microsoft
Advertising industry opt-out tools
. You can also use these opt-out options to limit use of
            your information for interest-based advertising by participating companies:
Digital Advertising Alliance
Network Advertising Initiative
Note that because these opt-out mechanisms are specific to the device or browser on which they are exercised, you will
        need to opt out on every browser and device that you use.
Do Not Track
. Some Internet browsers may be configured to send "Do Not Track" signals to the
        online services that you visit. We currently do not respond to "Do Not Track" or similar signals. To find out more about
        "Do Not Track," please visit
http://www.allaboutdnt.com
.
Other Sites and Services
Our Services may contain links to websites and other online services operated by third parties. In addition, our
      content may be integrated into web pages or other online services that are not associated with us. These links and
      integrations are not an endorsement of, or representation that we are affiliated with, any third party. We do not
      control websites or online services operated by third parties, and we are not responsible for their actions. This
      Privacy Policy does not apply to such third-party sites or services.
Security
We use reasonable organizational, technical, and administrative measures designed to protect against unauthorized
      access, misuse, loss, disclosure, alteration, and destruction of personal information we maintain. Unfortunately, data
      transmission over the Internet cannot be guaranteed as completely secure. Therefore, while we strive to protect your
      personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of personal information.
Retention of Personal Information
Where required under applicable laws, we retain personal information only for as long as is necessary to fulfil the
      purposes for which it was collected and processed, in accordance with our retention policies, and in accordance with
      applicable laws and regulatory obligations.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal information, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity
      of the personal information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of personal information, the
      purposes for which we use personal information and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the
      applicable legal and regulatory requirements.
Children's Privacy
Our Services are not intended for use by children under 13 years of age. If we learn that we have collected personal
      information through our Services from a child under 13 without the consent of the child's parent or guardian as required
      by law, we will delete it.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. Where we do so, we will update the date of this Privacy
      Policy and post it on the Services. If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will let you know.
How to Contact Us
Contact us
. If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, our privacy
        practices, or if you would like to exercise your rights with respect to your personal information, please email us at
help@elfster.com
or write to us at:
Elfster, Inc.
2930 Domingo Ave #531
Berkeley, CA 94705
Privacy Snapshot
Below is a high-level snapshot of how we collect, use, and disclose your personal information when you use the Service,
      but you need to read the entire Privacy Policy for complete information.
Data Categories Collected
How We Collect
Primary Purposes of Processing
Key Recipients/Disclosures
Can You Limit Sharing?
Identifiers, such as real name, alias, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email
              address, account name
When you visit or use our Service; from third-party sites or services; from other users
To provide our Service; to improve, monitor and personalize our Service; to communicate with you, for marketing and
              advertising
Service providers
No
Advertising partners
Yes
Internet or other electronic network activity information, including but not limited to browsing history and search
              history
When you visit or use our Service
To provide our Service; to improve, monitor and personalize our Service; to communicate with you, for marketing and
              advertising
Service providers
No
Advertising partners
Yes
Commercial information, including but not limited to records of personal property, products or services purchased,
              obtained or considered
When you visit or use our Services
To provide our Services; to improve, monitor, and personalize our Service; communicate with you; for marketing and
              advertising
Service providers
No
Advertising partners
Yes
Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records Statute (e.g., name, contact details)
When you visit or use our Services; from third-party sites and services; from other users
To provide our Service; to improve, monitor, and personalize our Services; communicate with you; for marketing and
              advertising
Service providers
No
Advertising partners
Yes
Professional or employment-related information
When you visit or use our Services; from public or third-party information sources
To provide our Service; to improve, monitor, and personalize our Services
Service providers
No
*As described further in our Privacy Policy, we may disclose all categories of personal information with our service
      providers, affiliates, and professional advisors for the purposes described in the Privacy Policy. We also may disclose
      personal information with authorities and others for legal and compliance purposes, and with business transferees in the
      context of an acquisition or the sale of our business or another corporate transaction.