GARDEN PLATE
Tasty clean and green vegetarian recipes
Clean healthy living
Tons of tasty clean and green vegetarian recipes at your fingertip! Whether you're vegetarian, vegan, gluten intolerant, or just looking for healthy and tasty green dishes, this app is perfect for you.
Delicious real food recipes
Browse beautiful pictures of delicious food and make the dish yourself using our recipe instructions on either iPhone or iPad. 

Recipes in the following categories: vegan, gluten-free, raw, salads, snacks, side dishes, or the delicious and essential line of breakfast, lunch, dinner, and dessert!
Highly visual, designed
for iOS7
Our app is highly visual, and designed in the beautiful minimalistic style of iOS 7 and beyond. Our goal was to offer a wide variety of recipes and a highly usable and visually appealing application, and we have delivered.
Browse beautiful pictures of delicious food and make the dish yourself using our recipe instructions on either iPhone or iPad.
Features
Over 65 green recipes (and growing) including tons of delicious desserts, salads, and raw foods.
Beautiful views of recipes on both iPad and iPhone, a very photo-centric approach.
Well designed ingredient and instruction pages on both iPhone and iPad to make the best use of screen space.
Share your delicious creations on Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, email or text.
Save your favourite refers to refer to later.
Garden Plate Gallery
×
×
×
×
×
×
App store reviews
Garden Plate has been received with well and is quickly becoming a must have app for people wishing to find healthy eating alternatives.. We are constantly updating the app and adding new features and functionality to provide our users with the most delicious recipes. Check out our itunes app reviews below.
The following terms and conditions govern your use of this web site, 
												and any content made available from or through the following Envato Marketplaces web sites.
Your terms of service text...
Any questions about this Privacy Policy should be addressed to support@example.com
Application creator may periodically update this policy. 
											We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the
											primary email address specified in your primary account holder account or by placing a prominent notice on our site.
Your privacy policy text...
Any questions about this Privacy Policy should be addressed to support@example.com
A must have application for vegetarians or not.Many great recipes.Recommended and 5 stars!
Jan 16, 2014 by RetroPlay8
Awesome app for veggie-lovers. I enjoy the mouth-watering salad recipes! :)
Jan 15, 2014 by TheER23
Cool - The interface is clean and simple. Looks stunning and ellegant. It offers many healthy recipe for veggies. Nice app.
Jan 12, 2014 by Yinismss
Go Top