Skip to
            content
>
Related Links
>
AQHI Mobile Apps
AQHI Mobile Apps
Download Air Quality Health Index Mobile Applications
iPhone version:
This link will open in a new window
Android version:
This link will open in a new window
HarmonyOS version:
This link will open in a new window
Air Quality Health Index Mobile Applications - Privacy Policy
The Government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (including its servants and agents) ("the Government") takes measures to ensure that all personal data submitted through this mobile App (the "AQHI App") is handled in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance.
The Government will record visits to the AQHI App without collecting any personal identifiable information from users. Such general statistics are collected to compile statistical reports and diagnose problems with, or concerning, computer systems to help improve the AQHI App.
The AQHI App will save in data server your settings on the reception of Government information through APNS/FCM/HMS services. However, no personal information will be saved.
For different purposes and at different times you may be invited to provide personal data to the Government through the AQHI App on a voluntary basis. Personal information may include your name or e-mail address. The Government will specify the collection purpose and intended usage of your data when it invites you to provide such information and advise you how you may request access to or correction of the personal data provided.
The AQHI App supports sharing of some information via third party service providers. If you use the "Share" function of the AQHI App, please refer to the privacy policy of corresponding service providers.
EPD AQHI : AQHI Mobile Apps
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.aqhi.gov.hk/en/privacy-policy.html:
Skip to
            content
>
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy Statement
This Department is committed to ensuring that all personal data submitted through
                                    this website are handled in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Personal
                                    Data (Privacy) Ordinance.
This Department will record your visit to this website without collecting any
                                    personal identifiable information. For different purposes, you may be requested to
                                    provide your personal information through this website on a voluntary basis. We will
                                    specify the collection purpose and intended usage of your data when we invite you to
                                    provide such information and advise you how you may request access to, or correction
                                    of, the personal data provided. Unless permitted or required by law, we will not
                                    disclose your personal data to any third parties without your prior consent.
When you browse this website, cookies may be temporarily stored in your computer's
                                    hard drive, and will be removed after you close your browser. The purpose of using
                                    cookies is for internal navigation only. We will not collect any personal data from
                                    you under this circumstance. You have a choice not to accept the cookies by
                                    configurating your Internet browser settings, but if you do, you may not be able to
                                    acquire full functionality of this website.
This website uses Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption technology to encrypt data
                                    during the network transmission. All personal data you provided to this Department
                                    via this website are secured, and access to them is restricted to authorized
                                    personnel only.
Search service on GovHK does not collect personal identifiable information while
                                    serving search results. GovHK will share the anonymous data it collects through the
                                    search service with the Government for compiling traffic analysis on government
                                    websites. The Government will not match the data obtained from any such search
                                    activity with any personal data possibly held by the Government.
If you wish to request access to or correction of your personal data provided to this
                                    Department, you may complete the
This link will open in a new window
Data Access Request Form
and
                                    address to the following:
Senior Environmental Protection Officer (Knowledge Management)
33/F, Revenue
                                    Tower,
5 Gloucester Road,
Wanchai, Hong Kong.
EPD AQHI : Privacy Policy