Privacy Policy
Oleg Shanyuk built the SunCalc.net app as
                  a Free app. This SERVICE is provided by
                  Oleg Shanyuk at no cost and is intended for use as
                  is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding my
                  policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal
                  Information if anyone decided to use my Service.
If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to
                  the collection and use of information in relation to this
                  policy. The Personal Information that I collect is
                  used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with
                  anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
I do not collect any information.
I do not colect anything in the app. That's why it is so fast :)
For example: if you experience crash – the crash app data will be trasferred to Apple first. I have no control over this part, it is an iOS Feature – if you choose to share crash data with developers (Which is very helpful, and anonimous!), then the crash data is checked and anonimised by Apple, and provided to me only in form valid to identify the issue, but not the person, or any kind of personal data.
Likewise, all numbers I have about this app usage are provided by AppStore analytics (which is not a part of this app or service, but rather used by Apple to provide you with an access to the apps and services on their platforms).
Changes to This Privacy Policy
I may update our Privacy Policy from
                  time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page
                  periodically for any changes. I will
                  notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on
                  this page.
This policy is effective as of 2020-05-06
Contact
If you have any questions or suggestions about my
                  Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me: oleg shanyuk at gmail