.
.
.
PRIVACY NOTICE FOR MEN WEBSITES
Middle East News FZ LLC (“MEN”) is aware of the importance of
        privacy and protection of personal data at the digital era. We are committed to being transparent about how we
        collect and use the personal data of the users when they browse MEN websites and/or use MEN digital and mobile
        services.
Privacy Notice key definitions:
"We", "our" and "us" refer to Middle East
                News FZ LLC.
"You" and "the user" refer to the
                person(s) using the MEN websites and services.
"Websites" refer to any website and
                website service which is operated by us
https://www.alarabiya.net
Under the data protection legislations, we are required to provide
        you with the information included in this privacy notice. It is important that you read this notice, together
        with any other notices that we may provide to you on a case-by-case basis when collecting and processing your
        personal data.
All information in this notice is applicable to you unless otherwise
        indicated based on your residency status.
Users located in the European Union
If you are located in the European Union, the processing of your
        personal data may be subject to the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”). Any references for users
        located in the European Union will be also applicable to you.
Users located in California
If you are located in California, the processing of your personal
        data may be subject to the California Consumer Protection Act (“CCPA”), the California Online Privacy Protection
        Act (“CalOPPA”) and the California Online Eraser Law. Any references for users located in California will be
        also applicable to you.
Changes to your personal data
It is important that the personal data we hold about
        you is
        accurate and updated. Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us.
Contents
Who are we;
What personal data do we collect about
                you;
How do we collect your personal data;
Why do we collect and process your
                personal data;
Who may access to your personal data;
Where may your personal data be stored or
                transferred;
How do we ensure the security of your
                personal data;
How long do we keep your personal data;
Can minors provide us with their personal
                data?
What rights do you have;
How can you exercise your rights?
How does this notice work with third party
                data processing?
How to contact us.
How may this Privacy Notice be updated?
1. Who are we?
Middle East News FZ LLC (“MEN”) processes your personal data while
        you use its websites and/or digital and mobile services.
MEN Contact Details:
Address: Dubai Media City, Building 3, Dubai, UAE
Tel.: +9714
        391 9999
Email: contactus@alarabiya.net
If you have any questions about this privacy notice, including any
        requests to exercise your legal rights, you can contact us by using the details provided in the section “How to
        contact us” below.
If you are located in the European Union and you have any questions
        about this privacy notice, including any requests to exercise your rights provided by the GDPR, you can contact
        our EU Representative by using its contact details provided in the section “How to contact us” below.
2. What personal data do we collect
        about you?
Personal data is any information relating to natural persons who can
        be identified, directly or indirectly. We may collect, use, store and transfer the following types of personal
        data:
Identity Data: name, date of birth, gender
Contact Details: email address, telephone
                number
Location Data: geographical information
                about the user’s specific device's whereabouts associated to a time identifier
Marketing and Communication Data: user’s
                preferences in relation to receiving information about our websites.
Digital Data: user’s social media
                accounts, metadata (i.e. set of data that describes and gives information about other data), online
                identifiers, such as internet protocol addresses, cookie identifiers and other information collected
                when you visit our website. For more information about the cookies, please read our Cookie notice on our
                websites.
3. How do we collect your personal
        data?
We collect your personal data when you subscribe to our websites.
We may also use
        javascript, cookies, web beacons, Local Shared
        Objects and other similar information to collect your personal information while browe. These technologies are
        used for measurement, analytics, as well as, to improve our services and provide you with content customized to
        your interests. Please note that we may allow third parties to place their own cookies, web beacon and similar
        technologies to collect information through our services.
4. Why do we collect and process
        your personal data?
We collect and process your Personal Data for the following
        purposes:
when it is necessary for the performance
                of a contract with you or in order to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract,
                particularly:
To provide you with the
                            services you request from us; allow you the use of online forms, surveys, including MEN
                            services that do not require any form of registration; allow you to sign up for certain
                            services, such as newsletters, information feeds, SMS updates or to create an account in
                            which case, we will ask for Personal Data, such as your name, email address, or telephone
                            number.
To allow you to share
                            information; allow you to take full advantage of the sharing features that we offer such as
                            the participation in viewer forums and discussion boards, engagement with 2nd screen
                            co-viewing apps; allow you to create a publicly visible MEN Profile, which may – if you
                            choose - include your name and photo; combine personal data from one service with
                            information from other MEN services to make it easier to share things with people you know.
To carry out payment
                            transactions; store transaction history; make sure that your subscription to our services
                            has been paid; comply with legal or regulatory obligation in this respect.
when it is necessary for the purposes of
                the legitimate interests of our business, particularly:
To maintain and improve our
                            services; understand how you use the MEN services and implement other functionalities;
                            develop new services and offers.
To tailor the services to your
                            needs and interests; provide you with tailored content – such as relevant ads and services;
                            allow us to know you better to give you more of what you want – more shows, more exclusives,
                            more information, more competitions and a better user experience; figure out more complex
                            things like which ads you’ll find most useful or services and information that are most
                            relevant to you, thereby giving a much better and more useful experience of our digital
                            properties.
To communicate with you; to
                            allow you to contact MEN Group; keep record of our exchanges; help solve any issues you
                            might be facing; send you promotional offers and direct marketing; inform you about our
                            services, such as letting you know about upcoming program information or improvements to our
                            digital properties; contact you for competition and casting to participate in different
                            shows.
To create and maintain a
                            trusted and safer environment; investigating, detecting, preventing, or reporting fraud,
                            misrepresentations, security breaches or incidents, or other potentially prohibited or
                            illegal activities; protecting our sellers’, or your rights or property, or the security or
                            integrity of our Services; enforcing our Terms of Service or other applicable agreements or
                            policies; verifying your identity.
To detect and prevent online
                            fraud and intrusions when we implement certain monitoring or tracking devices implying the
                            processing of Personal Data.
when it is necessary for the protection of
                your vital interests or of another natural person.
when it is necessary for complying with
                any applicable laws or regulations, or in response to lawful requests for information from the
                government or through legal process; fulfilling any other purpose disclosed to you in connection with
                our services; contacting you to resolve disputes and provide assistance with our services.
when it is necessary for performing a task
                in the public interest and this task has a clear basis in law
When you give us your consent to process
                your personal data. For instance, when we offer you to register to our services and create an account,
                subscribe to our newsletter or marketing emails or when we ask to follow any relevant procedure to allow
                you to either clearly accept or refuse the envisaged data processing; if you accept, you will be
                entitled to withdraw your consent at any time. However, in certain cases, your choice not to communicate
                your Personal Data or to withdraw your consent may result in a limitation of your access to our
                services, features or offering. For instance, it may not be possible for you to gain access to certain
                parts of the websites or services and for us to respond to your queries without providing the related
                information.
Change of purpose of processing
We will only use your personal data for the purposes
        for which
        we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is
        compatible with the original purpose. If you wish to get an explanation as to how the processing for the new
        purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please contact us.
If we need to use your personal data for
        an unrelated purpose,
        we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so. Please note that we may process
        your personal data without your knowledge or consent, where this is required or permitted by law.
5. Who may access your data?
For the purposes described above, we shall grant access to your
        personal data to authorized MEN Group employees and members of the MEN Group who have a need-to-know in order to
        process it for us, and who are subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined
        or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
In addition, we may need to transfer or allow access to the
        following authorized third-parties:
Suppliers and services providers, we
                engage with to process personal data or perform the MEN services on our behalf (based on our
                instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Notice and other appropriate confidentiality and
                security measures);
Successors in title to our business (or
                who are in meaningful discussions about such a possibility with the (prospective) new owners of the
                business or company); in this respect, if ownership of all or substantially all of our business changes
                or undertakes a corporate reorganization or any other action or transfer between MEN Group entities, you
                acknowledge that we may need to transfer your Personal Data to the relevant third party (or its
                advisors) as part of any due diligence process for the purpose of analyzing any proposed sale to, or
                re-organization by the new owner. We may also need to transfer your Personal Data to that re-organized
                entity or third party after the sale or reorganization for them to use for the same purposes as set out
                in this notice;
Our media representatives;
Legal advisers, witnesses, experts and
                judicial and quasi-judicial authorities in order to protect us against harm to the rights, property or
                safety of MEN Group, our users or the public as required or permitted by law, and other third-parties to
                enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations;
Administrative or judicial authorities in
                order to meet the requirements of any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable
                governmental request.
We may also aggregate, anonymize data publicly and to other
        authorized third parties and partners – like advertisers or connected sites. For example, we may share
        information publicly to show trends about the general use of our services.
6. Where may your personal data be
        stored or transferred?
MEN Group is a multinational group with affiliates, partners and
        subcontractors located in many countries around the world. That means that your personal data may need to be
        processed in countries whose data protection laws may be of a lower standard than those in your home country.
We process and store your personal information on our computers and
        servers located in UAE, and use service providers that may be located in various locations, such as Canada,
        Germany, UK .Where this is the case, we will take steps to ensure that your personal data receives an adequate
        level of protection.
If you are located in the European Union and your personal data is
        transferred to a service provider for processing in any country outside the European Economic Area that is not
        recognized by the EU Commission as providing an adequate level of protection for personal data, we ensure that
        appropriate safeguards (e.g. contractual commitments) under the applicable data protection law are provided.
Should you need more information about the data transfers, please
        contact us by using the details
7. How do we ensure the security of
        your personal data?
We maintain appropriate physical, electronic, technical,
        organizational procedural safeguards and security measures, including governance models, to protect your
        personal data against unauthorized access, use, alteration, disclosure or destruction of personal data.
Websites:
SSL certificates
IWS DNS (Route 53)
Please note however that no data transmission over the Internet or
        website can be guaranteed to be secure from intrusion. In addition, you should also take appropriate measures to
        safeguard your personal data, in particular by keeping your password secure and confidential. If you know or
        have reason to believe that your account credentials have been lost, stolen, misappropriated, or otherwise
        compromised or in case of any actual or suspected unauthorized use of your account, please contact by using the
        details provided in the section “How to contact us” below.
If we know or have reason to believe that your Personal Data were
        compromised, we will immediately notify affected users of a breach if such happens in accordance with applicable
        laws.
8. How long do we keep your personal
        data?
We will only retain your personal data for the period necessary to
        fulfil the purposes described in this Privacy Notice. Our retention periods are based on business needs and your
        information that is no longer needed is either irreversibly anonymized or destroyed.
Your personal data collected though our websites will be retained as
        long as your account is active or otherwise for as long as is necessary for the purpose for which we have
        initially collected it. If you deactivate your account, we will retain your data for 2 years, starting from data
        of deactivation.
Please note that we may also retain your
        personal data for longer periods if necessary, to comply with our legal obligations or to protect our legitimate
        interests.
9. Do we collect and process minors’
        personal data?
In order to subscribe to MEN services and provide us with your
        personal information you must be 18 years of age or older to satisfy the minimum age in the relevant
        jurisdiction.
Individuals under the age of 18 or the minimum age in the relevant
        jurisdiction may also utilize MEN services if their parent’s or legal guardian’s consent is given. If we become
        aware that we have collected personal information from a minor under the age of 18 or under the minimum age
        provided by the law and we have not been provided with the parent’s or legal guardian’s consent, we will
        promptly delete that information.
10. What rights do you have?
If you are located in the European Union,
                you have the following rights regarding your personal data under the GDPR:
Right of
            Access:
You have the right to access to your personal data. You can ask for a copy of the personal
        data we hold about you. There are situations where we may deny your request, for example, if making the
        information available to you would reveal personal data about another person, or if we are legally prevented
        from disclosing such information
Right to
            Rectification:
It is our objective to keep your personal data accurate, current and complete. You
        have the right to request the correction of any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you, though we may
        need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us.
Right to
            Erasure:
You have the right to ask us to delete your personal data where there is no reason to
        continue processing it. You also have the right to ask us to delete your personal data where you have
        successfully exercised your right to object to the processing, where we may have processed your data unlawfully
        or where we need to delete your personal data to comply with the law. Note, however, that we may not always be
        able to comply with your request for deletion for specific legal reasons for which we will notify you, as
        appropriate, at the time of your request.
Right to Object:
You have the right to object to the processing of your personal data when we are relying on a
        legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which
        makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and
        freedoms. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds which override your
        rights and freedoms. You also have the right to object when we are processing your personal data for direct
        marketing purposes.
Right to
            Restrict Processing:
You have the right to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data
        in the following cases: (a) if you want us to establish the data’s accuracy, (b) when our use of the data is
        unlawful but you do not want us to erase it (c) when you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require
        it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims, or (d) if you have objected to our use of your
        data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.
Right to Data
            Portability:
You have the right to request the transfer of your personal data to you or to a third
        party. We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, commonly
        used, machine-readable format.
Right not to be
            subject to automated decision-making;
You have the right not to be subject to a decision when it is
        based on automated processing and it produces an adverse legal effect or significantly affects you.
Right to
            Withdraw Your Consent:
You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where we are relying
        on consent to process your personal data. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried
        out before the withdrawal of consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain
        services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.
Right to file a
            complaint:
You have the right to lodge a complaint with the Office of Cyprus Commissioner for
        Personal Data Protection.
If you are located in California, you have
                the following rights regarding your personal data under the CCPA:
Right of access:
You have the right to access to your personal data. You can ask for a copy of the personal data we hold
        about you.
Right to
            erasure:
In certain situations, you have the right to ask us to delete your personal data unless
        our processing is specifically permitted under the CCPA.
Right of
            disclosure for sale of data or use for business purpose:
In certain circumstances, you can ask us
        to provide you with the categories personal data and third parties we disclose for sale or business purposes. We
        do not sell your personal data under any circumstances. This right may apply only where we disclose your
        personal data for a business purpose.
Data
            portability:
In certain circumstances, you can ask us to transfer your personal data to you or to
        another party in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format.
Right to
            opt-out:
You have the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal data to other third parties.
        Given that we do not sell your personal data under any circumstances, this right does not apply to your personal
        data.
Right to
            non-discrimination:
We will not discriminate against you in any way or under any circumstance for
        exercising your rights regarding your personal data under the CCPA.
Right to
            withdraw consent:
In cases where you have provided us your consent in order to process your
        personal data for a specific purpose, you have the right to withdraw your consent for that specific processing
        at any time. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before the withdrawal of
        consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain services to you. We will advise you
        if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.
If you are located in California and you
                are under the age of 18, you have the right to request that any information or content that you have
                posted on our website or mobile app be removed.
Once we receive your request, we will delete or anonymize the
        requested information. Please note that we may not always be able to comply with your request for deletion for
        specific legal reasons for which we will notify you, as appropriate, at the time of your request.
11. How can you exercise your rights?
If you are located in the European Union
                and you wish to exercise any of your rights, please contact our EU Representative by using the details
                provided in the section “How to contact us” below.
Please note that:
We may need to verify your identity before
                we can act on your request; This is a security measure to ensure that your personal data is not
                disclosed to any other person. We may also contact you to ask for further information in relation to
                your request.
Since the exercise of these rights is
                subject to certain legal conditions and limitations, we may have to decline your request if those
                conditions are not fulfilled or if legal limitations apply;
We may reject requests that are
                unreasonably repetitive, require disproportionate technical effort (for example, developing a new system
                or fundamentally changing an existing practice), or create a risk on the privacy of others.
You will not have to pay a fee to exercise
                any of the other rights. However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded,
                repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we may reject your request in these circumstances. We may also
                reject your request if this requires disproportionate technical effort (for example, developing a new
                system or fundamentally changing an existing practice) or creates a risk on the privacy of others.
In any case, we will seek to deal promptly
                with your request, and in any event within one month (subject to any extensions to which we are lawfully
                entitled). If we refuse your request, we will tell you the reasons for doing so.
If you are located in California and you
                wish to exercise any of your rights, please contact us by using the details provided in the section “How
                to contact us” below.
12. How does this notice work with
        third party data processing?
The MEN services may be provided through and/or utilize features
        (such as voice controls) operated by third party platforms or contain links to sites operated by third parties
        whose policies regarding the handling of Personal Data may differ from ours.
For example:
You may be able to access the MEN services
                through platforms such as gaming systems, smart TVs, mobile devices, set top boxes and a number of other
                Internet connected devices. In addition, you may encounter third party applications that interact with
                the MEN services. These third parties have separate and independent privacy or Personal Data policies
                and terms of use.
Our digital properties may contain links
                to other websites which are outside our control and are not covered by this Privacy Notice. If you
                access other sites using the links provided, the operators of these sites may collect information from
                you which will be used by them in accordance with their privacy policies, which may differ from ours.
We advise you to consult such policies and terms if you want to
        learn more about the processing of your personal data by such third parties.
13. How to contact us?
If you have any queries, please contact us
                on the below email address:
contactus@alarabiya.net
If you are located in the European Union,
                please contact our EU Representative via email at alarabiya.eu@privacyminders.com.
EU Representative’s Contact Details:
Name: RF PRIVACY MINDERS LTD
Address: 33 Konstantinou Paleologou,
The Square, 2nd Floor,
CY-6036, Larnaca
P.O. Box 42364,
CY-6533 Larnaca,
Cyprus
Tel.: +357 24 323333
14. How may this Privacy Notice be
        updated?
We may update this Privacy Notice from time to time in response to
        changing legal, regulatory or operational requirements. Any changes of this Privacy Notice will be published on
        this page. When these changes are material, we may provide you specific notice of any such changes (including
        when they will take effect) in accordance with the law.
Where applicable (for instance, if the changes imply new data
        processing that shall rely on your prior consent), we will ensure that you have had the possibility to accept
        those changes so as to allow you to continue using our services or to refuse - in which case, you will be
        entitled to cancel your use of the MEN Services.
Updated 14/12/2021
Advertisement
Back To Top
This website uses "cookies":
We use cookies to improve your experience on our site and to
                                    show you personalized advertising. To continue browsing,
                                    please click ‘OK, I Accept’.
For more information, please read our
Privacy Policy
Ok, I Accept