Privacy Policy for IPVanish Site & Services
This Privacy Policy was last updated on Feb 18, 2025
Dutch
,
French
,
German
,
Portuguese
,
Spanish
We believe everyone has the right to digital privacy. Along with digital privacy, consumers also have the right to transparency. Because you are entrusting us with your data, it is even more important that we are transparent with you regarding
what
information we collect,
how
it is collected, from
where
it is collected, and
why
it is necessary to collect. We wrote this Privacy Policy with you in mind, attempting our best to provide a comprehensive yet easy-to-understand document.
The short version
IPVanish
does not collect, monitor, or log your browsing activity
, such as what websites or apps you use, when connected to the VPN Service.
We collect aggregated and anonymous performance data to improve functionality and product performance, diagnose crashes, identify bugs, and optimize server performance. This aggregated and anonymous
data does not include IP addresses, connection time stamps, or DNS inquiries
.
Our goal is to collect and retain the least amount of data. However, we have to collect and retain some data, such as your email address and billing information, which allows you to continue using the VPN service.
We
do not sell or rent your personal information
to third parties.
You have the right to review and request deletion of your personal data.
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy or the information that is collected you may reach out to our Support Team or make a privacy request via
https://dsar.ipvanish.com
.
Table of Contents:
This Policy
Collection and Creation of Personal Data
Categories of Personal Data
Email Communications
Sensitive Personal Data
Purposes of Processing Data
Lawful Bases for Processing Personal Data
Tools and Disclosure of Personal Data to Third Parties
Definitions
Data Security
Data Minimization and Retention
Data Accuracy
Your Legal Rights
Contact Details and EU Representative
International Transfers of Information
California Consumer Rights Metrics
A. This Policy
This Policy explains how we collect and store (“
Process
”) Personal Data. The Policy applies to the information we collect about visitors (“
you
”) to www.ipvanish.com (the “
Site
“) and subscribers (“
you
”) to the IPVanish VPN service (the “
Services
” and “
App
”), which are owned and operated by IPVanish (“
Company
”, “
we
”, “
us
” and “
our
”). For the purposes of this Policy, Company is the Controller. Terms used in this Policy are explained in Section I below.
From time to time, we may change or update this Policy, without prior notice to you. Your continued use of the Site or Services constitutes your acceptance of the then-effective Policy.
Our Terms of Service, including their limitation on liability, apply to this Policy. You can read them
here
.
If you have any questions regarding this Policy, the information that is collected, or GDPR requests, contact details are provided in Section N below.
B. Collection and Creation of Personal Data
IPVanish Processes Personal Data to a limited scope through the use of the Site and Apps to enable functionality, provide Services, and Process payments for the Services.
Purpose of Processing
Data Elements
Legal Basis
Retention Period
Collection Method
To provide
use of our services
as agreed in the ToS
Account Information
(name, address, email, etc.)
Performance of a Contract
Life of the account + 45 days
User input through forms during account creation
Comply with
applicable
laws
Transaction Information
(records of interactions with services)
Legal Requirement
Life of the account + legally compliant period thereafter
User input captured during transactions and service interactions
To
improve customer experience
Site usage information
(how the site is found, how you engage with our site), and
app data
(performance, bugs, usage patterns, install, open, login)
Legitimate Interest
Life of the account + legally compliant period thereafter
Collected in aggregate via site visits, cookies, app usage, and error tracking
To send
relevant communications
Contact information
(name, email) and
app data
(device type)
Legitimate Interest
Duration of consent or until preference is updated
User input through forms during account creation, promotional signups, and giveaway participation
For
marketing
Subscription
(Services purchased, term, payment method)
Consent
Life of the account + legally compliant period thereafter
User input through the account creation
C. Categories of Personal Data
You are not required to provide any Personal Data to browse our Site. If you wish to subscribe to our Services, you will need to provide an active email address and billing information.
We may Process the following categories of Personal Data about you:
The Site:
We Process aggregated anonymous Personal Data from Site visitors using cookies, pixels, and similar technologies, such as Google Analytics. See our
Cookie Policy
for the complete list of cookies. Depending on your browser privacy settings the aggregated anonymous data may include:
browser type, device type, operating system, average time spent on our Site, pages visited on the Site, interactions with our content or advertising, gender, age, language preference, and country
. The focus of this data collection is to improve our Site performance and provide you with the best browsing experience. Our
Cookie Policy
explains how to disable cookies to browse our Site without submitting any personal information.
The Service:
In order to subscribe to our Services you must first create an account. This will result in us creating a purchase history for the purpose of maintaining an active subscription to the Service. Depending on your purchase origin (the Site, Google Play Store, Apple App Store, Amazon Appstore) and chosen payment method (credit card, PayPal, etc), the data collected may include:
email address, name, billing address, credit card information, IP address, and affiliate tracking data
. We will only use this information to Process payments and detect and prevent fraudulent transactions. We do keep a historical record of credit card charges for accounting purposes. Once you have created an account, this personal information can be modified by you at any time through your
Customer Account Portal
.
The App:
We Process aggregated anonymous data to improve the quality of our Apps and Services. The data collected may include:
language preference, device brand, device model, OS version, country, crash reports, session lengths, server usage, protocol, build version, UI interactions, API requests and response codes, and App build version
. Our Apps utilize
analytics tools
, such as FireBase to gather and report performance data anonymously. We respect the privacy of our customers and only use this aggregated anonymous data to diagnose crashes, identify bugs, optimize server performance, and provide you with the best App experience.
The client apps themselves do maintain connection logs which are stored as diagnostic files on your device. Diagnostic connection files are made available solely for the purpose to assist with troubleshooting. The macOS and iOS App diagnostic logs are disabled by default, so if you require assistance where diagnostic logs are necessary, our Support Team may ask you to enable the setting. We do not have access to the connection logs unless provided by you, the user, to our Support Team through a diagnostic file. If, for any reason, you need to submit a diagnostic file to our Support Team you may modify the file and remove any Personal Data and/or request for the file to be redacted from the Support interaction.
D. Email Communications
As a service provider we send transactional and promotional emails. Transactional emails are necessary to ensure continuation of services and include account activation, billing, password, and support-related communications. You may also receive promotional emails about privacy and security industry news, service updates, product updates, feature releases, and other information we believe may interest you. We use
third-party tools
to assist us with email communications.
Transactional emails include the following:
Account activation
: After completing your purchase, you will receive a verification email, which is necessary to activate your subscription to IPVanish Services. Upon confirming your email, you will receive an additional email with your subscription details.
Payment warning and failure
: These emails inform you when there is a problem with your payment method and advise on how to prevent service interruption.
Account cancellation
: This email confirms your cancellation request and explains how to reactivate your account.
Account termination
: This email confirms that your IPVanish account has completed termination and explains how to reactivate your account.
Password reset
: This email provides a unique password-reset link and instructs how to complete your password reset.
New password
: This email confirms your password reset and explains how to change your password in the future.
Customer Support
: If, for any reason, you reach out to the Support Team, we may use emails to communicate with you, follow up on a call-in support inquiry, and send chat transcripts. This will result in us creating a support history to improve our Services.
Promotional emails include the following:
Product
: All new subscribers to IPVanish receive product awareness emails. These emails offer application tips and helpful hints to IPVanish account holders who may be unfamiliar with the benefits and inner workings of a VPN.
Other
: Additional promotional emails you may receive from us include industry-related news, special offers, surveys, feedback requests, new feature releases, and service updates.
Unsubscribing From Promotional Emails
You may unsubscribe from our promotional email list at any time by following the unsubscribe instructions included in every promotional email we send. We will not send you promotional emails from a list you have unsubscribed from, but we may continue to contact you, if necessary, for continuation of the Service or from additional lists you have signed up under.
E. Sensitive Personal Data
We respect your privacy and do not seek to collect or otherwise Process your Sensitive Personal Data. If we ever need to Process your Sensitive Personal Data for a legitimate purpose, we will do so in accordance with applicable law.
F. Purposes of Processing Data
We may Process your Personal Data for the following purposes:
Provision of services:
Providing our Sites, Apps and services to you, as well as operating, managing and improving our Sites and our Apps, providing content through them to you, maintaining and improving them, and notifying you of changes to them.
Communications:
Communicating with you by any means you have provided to us
Administrative matters:
Processing to Support, Sales, Finance, corporate audits, vendor management, legal compliance, and preventing and investigating breaches of Policy or law.
Security:
Helping secure your Personal Data.
Legal proceedings:
Establishing, exercising, or defending legal rights.
G. Lawful Bases for Processing Personal Data
We may rely on the following legal bases for Processing your Personal Data:
Consent:
We may Process your Personal Data where we have obtained your prior, express consent to the Processing (this legal basis is only used in relation to Processing that is entirely voluntary – it is not used for Processing that is necessary or obligatory in any way);
Contractual necessity:
We Process your Personal Data where the Processing is necessary in connection with providing contracted-for VPN services to you;
Compliance with applicable law:
We may Process your Personal Data where the Processing is required by applicable law;
H. Tools and Disclosure of Personal Data to Third Parties
We use third-party services to assist us with Processing payments, fraud detection, improving Site performance, App crash information, and communications. These service providers receive only the information needed to perform their designated functions and are not permitted to use the information for their own marketing, advertising, or research purposes. We do not sell personal information to third parties. Additional information on the third-party tools can be found in the tables listed
here
.
We closely review any third-party requests we receive for customer information. Since we do not collect, monitor, or log your browsing activity, we do not have logs of your browsing activity to provide in response to third-party requests. We cannot provide information that we do not have, and we otherwise provide information only when we are legally required to.
I. Definitions
“App” means any application made available by us (including where we make such applications available via third party stores or marketplaces, or by any other means).
“Cookie” means a small file that is placed on your device when you visit a website (including our Sites). In this Policy, a reference to a “Cookie” includes analogous technologies such as web beacons and clear GIFs.
“Controller” means the entity that decides how and why Personal Data is Processed. In many jurisdictions, the Controller has primary responsibility for complying with applicable data protection laws.
“Data Protection Authority” means an independent public authority that is legally tasked with overseeing compliance with applicable data protection laws.
“EEA” means the European Economic Area.
“Personal Data” means information that is about any individual, or from which any individual is directly or indirectly identifiable, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier, or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that individual.
“Process”, “Processing” or “Processed” means anything that is done with any Personal Data, whether or not by automated means, such as collection, recording, organization, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction.
“Processor” means any person or entity that Processes Personal Data on behalf of the Controller (other than employees of the Controller).
“Sensitive Personal Data” includes data about race or ethnicity, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, physical or mental health, sexual life, any actual or alleged criminal offences or penalties, national identification number, or any other information that may be deemed to be sensitive under applicable law.
“Standard Contractual Clauses” means template transfer clauses adopted by the European Commission or adopted by a Data Protection Authority and approved by the European Commission.
“Site” means any website operated, or maintained, by us or on our behalf.
We may share your personal information with the following:
Third party Processors (such as analytics providers; data centers; etc.), located anywhere in the world, subject to the requirements and limitations;
Legal and regulatory authorities, upon request, or for the purposes of reporting any actual or suspected breach of applicable law or regulation;
Any party as directed by a law enforcement agency or court, to the extent necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal rights;
Law enforcement for the purposes of prevention, detection, or investigation of criminal offenses and any legal proceedings associated with them; and
In the case of a full or partial acquisition, relevant third parties.
J. Data Security
We implement strict technical and organizational security measures to protect your Personal Data.
In the workplace:
We use appropriate security measures to protect your personal information from loss, theft, misuse, or unauthorized access. All of our employees are kept up-to-date on these best practices through biannual security awareness trainings. In addition, we restrict employee access to service administrative panels to only those who require such access in order to perform their job functions.
On the internet:
We seek to safeguard your data. Where appropriate, we use encryption, access controls, passwords, multifactor authentication, and physical security measures to protect the information we collect and maintain about you against unauthorized access and disclosure. All payment data is encrypted and is not stored on IPVanish systems. However, because the internet is an open system, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure and we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted using the internet.
K. Data Minimization and Retention
We take every reasonable step to limit the volume and minimize the retention period of the Personal Data that we Process, ensuring compliance with applicable regulations and our commitment to user privacy.
Account Data:
On our web platform, data associated with your account is anonymized 45 days after account termination, ensuring your information is no longer personally identifiable.
Payment Data:
Payment-related data is retained with the processor for a minimum of seven years to comply with financial and regulatory requirements. This data is securely processed and stored by third-party payment providers, including Stripe, PayPal, and Adyen.
In-App Subscriptions:
For in-app subscriptions, all subscriber data is held and managed outside of IPVanish’s systems, under the control of the respective app store provider.
L. Data Accuracy
We take every reasonable step to ensure that your Personal Data is kept accurate, up-to-date, and erased or rectified if we become aware of inaccuracies.
M. Your Legal Rights
Your Rights With Respect to Your Personal Information
Many privacy regulations afford consumers a number of specific rights. If you are a resident of the EU (under GDPR), UK (under the UK GDPR), Brazil (under the LGPD), several U.S. States, including California (CCPA), Virginia (under VCDPA), Colorado (under the CPA), and Connecticut (under the CTDPA), or another jurisdiction with similar privacy requirements, you have certain rights which may include those listed below.
Your rights:
Right to Withdraw Consent
: Where you are requested to consent to the Processing of your  personal information, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
Right to Know:
You have a right to know what personal information we collect, Process, and share. This policy is meant to provide transparency with regard to your data. If you have additional questions, you can email us at privacy@ipvanish.com.
Right of Access
: You can request a copy of the personal information we have collected about you from us.
Right to Delete/Erase
: You can request that we delete all the information we have collected about you. It is important to note that by exercising your right to deletion, you may lose access to your account and any purchases, points, or features associated with it. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use some or all of your information to provide you services,
Contact Us
.
Right to Request Rectification
: If you find that any of the information that we are Processing is inaccurate, you can contact us to have your information corrected. In response, we will cancel or remove your information but may retain and use copies of your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. For certain requests, we may require additional information.
(California) Right to Opt-out of the Sale or Sharing for Targeted Ads
: Pursuant to privacy laws, you have the right to opt-out of selling or sharing your data for targeted ads. HOWEVER, IPVANISH DOES NOT SELL OR SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA.
Right to Object to the Processing
: You can object to our Processing of your personal information via our
Privacy Portal
under certain circumstances. By objecting to Processing, you may be unable to access some or all of our Services. This right is limited to Personal Data Processed for commercial purposes.
Right to Object to the Use of Sensitive Personal Information
: Pursuant to privacy laws, you have the right to object to our use of your sensitive personal information. Sensitive personal information is information about your health, race, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, political opinions, or philosophical beliefs. HOWEVER, IPVANISH DOES NOT COLLECT OR PROCESS SENSITIVE INFORMATION.
Right to Object to Automated Processing:
You have a right to object to the Processing of your data for the purposes of automated decision-making about you.
Right to not be Discriminated Against:
You have a right not to be discriminated against for exercising your rights.
Right to Complain (EU, UK, Switzerland):
Should you wish to raise a complaint about the collection or use of your information, you have the right to do so without prejudice to any other rights you may have. You may lodge a complaint with your local Data Protection Authority.
Right to an Authorized Agent (CA):
If you would like to make a request on behalf of a California consumer who is a current or former customer, please provide an email from the email address we have on file for the customer authorizing the request. You may also make a request under the California Consumer Privacy Act on behalf of a California consumer if you provide (1) a signed, written permission from the consumer to act on your behalf, and the consumer verifies their own identity directly with us; or (2) proof that the consumer has provided you with power of attorney pursuant to Probate Code sections 4000 to 4465. We may deny a request from an agent that does not submit proof that they have been authorized by the consumer to act on their behalf.
In order to make privacy requests please visit our
Privacy Portal
and fill out the form. You can also email us at privacy@ipvanish.com. Our contact information can be found in the “Contact Details” section below.
You may be required to verify your identity before we can give effect to these rights. If you are making a request on behalf of a user, we require a signed authorization letter from the consumer.
You may be required to verify your identity before we can give effect to these rights. If you are making a request on behalf of a user, we require a signed authorization letter from the consumer.
N. Contact Details and EU Representative
Please contact us using the web form at
http://dsar.ipvanish.com
to submit a Data Subject Access Request; to submit a Data Subject Erasure Request; to exercise other rights regarding your data; to provide any comments, questions or concerns about any of the information in this Policy; or to raise any other issues regarding the Processing of Personal Data carried out by us. Your request will be routed to our privacy team.
You may also contact us as follows:
IPVanish
360 Park Avenue South,
17th FloorNew York, NY 10010
Attn: Legal Department
privacy@ipvanish.com
Our Data Protection Officer may be contacted at dpo@ipvanish.com.
The Company has also appointed J2 Global Ireland Limited as its representative in the European Union pursuant to Article 27 of the GDPR. Our Representative’s address is:
J2 Global Ireland Limited Unit 3.1, Woodford Business Park Santry, Dublin Ireland
O. International Transfers of Information
We may transfer your information to recipients in other countries. Ziff Davis, Inc., participates in the E.U.-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, the UK extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Framework and the APEC Cross Border Privacy Rules System. Where we transfer information from the European Economic Area (“EEA”) to a recipient outside the EEA that is not in an adequate jurisdiction, we do so on the basis of standard contractual clauses.
Because of the international nature of our business, we may need to transfer your information within the Ziff Davis group of companies, and to third parties as noted above, in connection with the purposes set out in this Policy. For this reason, we may transfer your information to other countries that may have different laws and data protection compliance requirements to those that apply in the country in which you are located. We remain liable under the DPF Principles if any third parties transfer your personal information to Process it in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles unless we prove that we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
Ziff Davis, Inc. and its associated affiliates and subsidiaries comply with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Ziff Davis, Inc. has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the Processing of Personal Data received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Ziff Davis, Inc. has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the Processing of Personal Data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/framework-article/ANNEX-I-introduction
.
We are committed to staying current with developments related to the Data Privacy Framework and may update our transfer mechanisms and safeguards as necessary to remain compliant. Any updates will be reflected in this Privacy Policy.
If you are a European individual with a privacy-related complaint, concern or question about Ziff Davis, Inc.’s privacy practices, please contact us through our
Privacy Portal
. Under certain conditions, more fully described on the Data Privacy Framework website, European individuals may invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted.
Where we transfer your personal information from the EEA to recipients located outside the EEA who are not in a jurisdiction that has been formally designated by the European Commission as providing an adequate level of protection for information, we do so on the basis of standard contractual clauses. You may request a copy of the relevant standard contractual clauses using our
Privacy Portal
. Please note that when you transfer any personal information directly to an entity established outside the EEA, we are not responsible for that transfer of your information. We will nevertheless Process your information, from the point at which we receive the data, in accordance with the provisions of this policy.
Enforcement Authority
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over our compliance with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF).
Complaints Mechanism
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Ziff Davis, Inc. commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information. EU and UK individuals and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of Personal Data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact Ziff Davis, Inc. at privacy@ipvanish.com.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Ziff Davis, Inc. commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of Personal Data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to TrustArc, an alternative dispute resolution provider. The services of Trustarc are provided at no cost to you. For further information please visit
https://trustarc.com/dispute-resolution/
.
Under certain conditions, a binding arbitration option may be available to you in order to address complaints not resolved by any other means. For further information, please see Annex I of the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles at:
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/framework-article/ANNEX-I-introduction.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Ziff Davis, Inc. commits to cooperate and comply respectively with the advice of the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs) and the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) with regard to unresolved complaints concerning our handling of human resources data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF in the context of the employment relationship.
For a list of our subsidiaries and affiliates who also adhere to the DPF Principles, please click
here
.
Our privacy practices described in this Policy comply with the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (“
APEC
”) Cross Border Privacy Rules System. To learn more about this program, please click
here
.
P.
California Consumer Rights Metrics
Pursuant to the California privacy regulations, our consumer rights metrics can be found on our
Regulatory Information Site
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://dsar.ipvanish.com/:
We are committed to protecting our users' privacy. In order to simplify the process of making and responding to privacy-related requests, we've created this privacy portal.
For more details and information about how we use and protect your personal information, please visit our
Privacy Overview
.
Thank you!
I am a (an)
Required
Customer
Other
Select request type(s)
Required
Update Data
Info Request
Data Deletion
Object to Processing
Data Portability
Restrict Processing
First Name
Enter the first name of the data subject
Last Name
Enter the last name of the data subject
Email
Enter email for correspondence with the data request.
Country
Enter country of residence.
*
Request Details
Enter any additional information in this section that will help us process your request. Please refrain from entering any personal information.
0/ 5000
Submit
Enter the first name of the data subject
Enter the last name of the data subject
Enter email for correspondence with the data request.
Enter country of residence.
Enter any additional information in this section that will help us process your request. Please refrain from entering any personal information.
Sub-policy 1
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/framework-article/ANNEX-I-introduction:
You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Please wait while application initialize...
;