Your personal information deserves protection and we subscribe to the privacy principles set out in the Government of Spain Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act. This privacy policy describes our practices regarding the collection, use and sharing of your personal information. By using our apps you consent and agree to the collection, use and disclosure of personal information and to the privacy practices set out in this policy. We expressly reserves the right to change this privacy policy at any time.
General Statistics
We may use personal information and data collected through your emails and use of our website to generate statistics and aggregate reports for internal use and for sharing with our affiliates and advertisers. These statistics and aggregate reports will not contain any information that could identify you personally.
About Face Recognition
In the case of Beards in 3D: Regarding face recognition, no data is saved. In fact, no specific data is taken about the faces. The app only detects the face to locate the beard or mustache properly. After the location, no face data is saved or stored.
Since there is no data stored. The data can not be shared with third parties.
In the case of apply filter into foreground or background of a photo: Regarding face recognition, no data is saved. In fact, no specific data is taken about the faces. The app only detects the foreground or background using depth map. No face data is stored.
In the case of apply filter into foreground or background of a photo, the app is not collecting face data. The depth map some Apple devices provides only detect the foreground or background. After calculation, no data is stored.
In the case of filters that uses Artificial Intelligence, no data from faces are saved or/and stored.
The filters only applies the effects without record if some face is in the image.
Since there is no data stored. The data can not be shared with third parties.
Regarding face recognition, no data is saved. In the case of hairstyles apps,
t
o recognize a face, a standard face recognition library is used to locate faces in the image and place a hairstyle near the face.
No face data is stored.
In the case of hairstyles apps, the app is not collecting face data. The computer vision standard library only takes the measures to locate the hairstyle in the right place. After calculation, no data is stored.
In the case of filters that uses Artificial Intelligence, no data from faces are saved or/and stored.
The filters only applies the effects without record if some face is in the image.
Since there is no data stored. The data can not be shared with third parties.
About TrueDepth API
We do not collect any information using the TrueDepth API. We use the API only to locate the position to add an image.
The app only detects the foreground or background using depth map. No face data is stored.
After calculation, no data is stored.
Since there is no data stored. The data can not be shared with third parties.
How do we use cookies?
We also collect some anonymous (non-personal) information from visitors to our website through the use of cookies. Cookies are used on most websites. They are text files with a unique identification number that are transferred from a web site to the hard drive of your computer. Cookies are only used to identify your computer but they do not save any personal information about you such as your name or address. Most browsers can be set up to accept or reject cookies, or simply notify you each time a cookie is set by a website you visit. We currently use cookies for measuring traffic statistics on our website and saving your information so you don’t have to re-enter it on future visits when posting comments or participating in forums. We may also use cookies to provide personalized services to you, such as customized web pages and advertisements.
How do we protect your personal information?
We collect your personal information onto servers hosted by a reputable third party website hosting company and are restricted access servers. If you wish to obtain further information about our hosting company and its security measures, please email us.
With whom do we share your personal information?
We may disclose personal information to our agents, suppliers and service providers as part of making available our website and related products and services. All such persons and entities are provided only with the information needed to perform their specific function and may not use such information for other purposes. They are also bound by contract to maintain the confidentiality and security of personal information and are restricted from using such information in any way not expressly authorized by us.
What other organizations collect information?
Advertisers
Our advertisers may collect information such as your internet protocol (IP) address, your geographic location, as well as other information deemed important in selecting the type and style of advertisements to run.
Exceptions
We reserve the right to use and disclose personal information to comply with applicable laws and regulations and local, provincial and national governmental requests, to operate our websites properly, or to protect the rights and property of crearapp and its users, sponsors, providers, or licensors.
Contact Information
For questions or concerns regarding your personal information and our privacy policy, or to update, correct or delete your personal information, please contact at contact page of this website.
Comparte esto:
Facebook