Error 404
Oh No!
The site URL you’re looking for doesn’t exist or may have been moved.
Back To Homepage
Looking For a Manual?
If you’re looking for a
manual,
click
here
to view a list of product manuals. If you’re looking for a page or specific
piece of information
, let us know through the quick form below or: Call us on:
+353 (1) 524 2691.
Quick Form
Email
Message
Get In Touch
Security Devices, Made Better.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://globalsecurity.ie/our-privacy-policy/:
Our Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy
Subject Access Request
What personal data will GSD process in connection with your request and why?
We will store and use:
(a) your contact information in order to be able to communicate with you regarding your request,
(b) the information you provide us with in relation to your request,
(c) information required to be able to verify your identity (such as copy of identification documentation, employee number or customer number) and
(d) additional personal data required to respond to your request.
On what grounds will GSD use your personal data?
Our collection and processing of your personal data is based on the requirement to fulfil the legal obligation to respond to a subject access request in accordance with Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (GDPR) and other applicable data protection laws and regulations.
Transfer of personal data
Transfer of your data may occur to the following categories of recipients, to the extent necessary to fulfil your request:
(i)  authorities
If transfer of data to authorities, other companies in the GSD or service providers outside the EU/EEA is relevant, it will be executed in accordance to applicable data protection legislation and only for the purposes stated above. This kind of transfer is normally based on the European Commission’s standard contractual clauses.
For how long will GSD store your personal data?
We store personal data which is processed in connection with your request for 12 (12) months after our final response has been sent.
If we answer your request and it does not lead to further communication, we delete personal data collected and processed in connection to your request within three (3) months.
Information and access rights
Right to access and rectification
You have the right to request access to the personal data relating to you. This includes the right to be informed whether or not personal data about you is being processed, what personal data is being processed, and the purpose of the processing. You also have the right to rectify or add personal data if the personal data is inaccurate or incomplete. As soon as we become aware of any inaccurate personal data being processed, we will correct the concerned personal data as soon as possible and notify you accordingly.
Right to erasure
You may request that your personal data be erased for example in the following situations:
if the personal data is no longer necessary for the purposes for which it was collected,
if you object to the processing of personal data where we do not have an overriding legitimate interest,
if the processing is unlawful, or
if the personal data has to be erased to enable us to comply with legal requirements.
If you have any questions about your right to erasure, please contact us at info@globalsecurity.ie.
Right to object
You are entitled to object to our use of your personal data where we base the processing on our legitimate interest. If you object, we will no longer process your personal data unless we can show that we have compelling legitimate grounds for the processing that overrides your interests or rights and freedoms or if we need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims.
Right to restriction
You can request us to restrict the processing of your personal data in the following situations:
if the processing is no longer necessary for the purposes for which it was collected or processed,
if you withdraw your consent for the use of data that we base on your consent,
if you believe the personal data may not be correct,
if you believe that the processing is unlawful, or
if we process your personal data based on our legitimate interest, where we do not have an overriding interest in relation to your privacy interest.
Right to Data Portability
If you request access to personal data about you that you yourself have provided and if the personal data is being processed automatically and/or in accordance with a contract between you and GSD, you may request that the data is provided in a structured, commonly-used and machine-readable format and you may also request that the personal data is transferred to another controller, if this is technically possible.
What Happens To Your Data On The GSD Website?
1. What personal data will GSD process?
GSD will process your personal data in accordance with the following description.
1.1 GSD will process the personal data set out in this section 1.1 in order to achieve our legitimate interest of providing you with information requested by you:
Name, address, email and telephone number
1.2 GSD will process the personal data set out in this section 1.2 in order to achieve our legitimate interest of responding to your messages when communicating with us:
Email, contact information, additional information provided by you in free text
1.3 GSD will process the personal data set out in this section 1.3 in order to provide you with press releases based on your consent obtained when you start a subscription to our press releases.
2. How and why will GSD use your personal data?
2.1 In addition to the above-mentioned use and purposes, we use your personal data to administrate and improve this website, for our internal records, for statistical analysis about the use of the website and (if applicable), to complete your product orders and/or to contact you regarding sales and as a part of our customer relation procedures.
2.2 GSD’s collection of personal data is based on the need to carry out the processes stipulated above. To the extent that GSD  uses the personal data to improve this website or for analyzing statistics, the basis for collection of data is GSD legitimate interest to conduct such improvements and analysis. Since no sensitive personal data will be processed and the processing is limited, GSD has concluded that its legitimate interest to conduct the improvements and analysis takes precedence over your privacy interest.
2.4 The processing of your email address when you subscribe to our press releases is based on your consent. After submitting your email address, you will receive a link to confirm your subscription.
3. Transfer of personal data
3.1 For the stated purposes, personal data will not be transferred to countries located outside the EU/EEA, European Economic Area.
3.2 The personal data that is collected and stored is exclusively used by companies within the GSD group and social media/ email marketing accounts owned by the company.
3.3 GSD will take measures to protect all personal data transferred to such third party, or that has been transferred to other countries, in accordance with applicable data protection laws and as stated above.
4. For how long will GSD store your personal data?
4.1 GSD stores the personal data as long as it is necessary to fulfil the purpose for which the data has been collected. This means that GSD deletes your personal data when such data is no longer necessary to process a request, an order or to administrate your account or our client relationship. Statistics which has been anonymised may be saved thereafter.
Privacy notice – Social media
GSD is committed to protecting your personal data. This privacy notice describes how GSD processes and uses the personal data we receive from you in connection with our social media platform presence.
In this privacy notice you will also be given information about how to contact us if you have additional questions regarding our processing of your personal data.
Collection of personal data from social networks
GSD may collect and process data provided by you on social media connected to us. This can be made through:- Direct communication (posting on our social media channels or direct messaging)- Indirect communication (for example, tagging GSD in your social media posts).
How and why will GSD use your data?
The purpose of our processing of personal data from direct communication is to be able to communicate with you, as a consumer, in connection with your direct communication directed at GSD. The legal basis for the processing is our legitimate interest to provide services and support to you as a consumer of GSD. Because the processing of personal data is limited and the fact that you have freely contacted us through our social media platform, GSD has concluded that its legitimate interest to provide services and support to its consumers takes precedence over your privacy interests.
GSD processes personal data from indirect communications with the purpose to protect the GSD brand, prevent fraudulent behavior and to support existing clients/customers. The legal basis of our processing of indirect communication is the legitimate interest of GSD. Because the processing of personal data is limited and the fact that personal data posted on social media platforms is posted freely, GSD has concluded that its legitimate interest to conduct the processing in order to protect the GSD brand, prevent fraudulent behavior and support existing clients/customers takes precedence over your privacy interests.
Transfer and disclosure of your personal data
Your personal data will not be disclosed outside GSD, except where we identify that users are not adhering to the terms and conditions provided by the social media platforms. If we identify a breach of the terms and conditions, GSD will report the breach to the social media platform for further investigation.
Retention time
GSD will retain your personal data for as long as is necessary to fulfil the purpose for which it was collected and 180 days thereafter.