Sorry, but this site requires javascript to operate properly.
Please click here for instructions on activating javascript
THE CURIOUS COMMUNITY GUIDELINES
These guidelines have been created to lay the groundwork for the kind of community we aspire to create at Curious. Because we are a publishing platform, we need rules about the types of content that our community of learners, teachers and employees finds acceptable and desirable.  If you don't like or agree with these rules, we respectfully ask that you go somewhere else to learn and/or teach.  If you are willing and able to follow these common-sense guidelines, you can help us build Curious into a great place to learn for life.
Be respectful of each other.
We built Curious because we want to empower teachers of all things to connect with students around the world.  There may be content on Curious that you don't agree with, or think is wrong.  What we ask is that you express your own opinions respectfully.  If you are a Curious teacher, treat other teachers as co-pilots on the journey of lifelong learning, not as competitors.  Treat your students as fellow travelers.  If you are a Curious student, respect the teacher and your fellow students, help them out when you can, and try to learn from their perspective before jumping to conclusions (or down throats)!
Keep it educational.
As a rule of thumb,
if it isn't educational in nature, it isn't appropriate for Curious
.  If your lessons are not of an educational nature, but are rather videos intended to entertain, shock, gross-out, embarrass or disgust, please go to one of the dozens of video hosting sites on the Internet which exist for that purpose.
No pornography.
Curious is not for pornography, sexually explicit content, or nudity (excepting nudity critical for conveying something of a serious educational nature).  If this describes your lesson, don't build it on Curious—if it is flagged, it may be taken down. Also, be advised that we work closely with law enforcement and we report any suspected child exploitation.
Don't teach bad stuff.
Don't post lessons teaching people how to do bad stuff like animal abuse, drug abuse, sexual abuse, under-age drinking and smoking, bomb making, harassment, inciting violence, or otherwise teaching people how to hurt (physically or psychologically) other people.
Respect copyright.
Only upload video, visual or audio assets that you made or that you are authorized to use.  This means don't use content in your lessons that someone else owns the copyright to—such as music tracks, snippets of copyrighted programs, or video made by other users—without necessary authorizations.
Respect intellectual property.
Respect all forms of intellectual property, such as other people's patents, trade secrets, ideas, and trademarks.  Seek permission for legally protected intellectual property, and when in doubt always give credit and provide citations when borrowing or extending somebody else's ideas or using information from a third party source.
Don't be a hater.
We encourage free speech and will defend everyone's right to express unpopular points of view.  But we don't permit hate speech (speech which attacks or demeans a group based on race or ethnic origin, religion, disability, gender, age, veteran status, or sexual orientation/gender identity).  In general, content that we feel is offensive to the larger Curious community of learners, teachers and employees will not be allowed.
Don't be a bully or a punk.
Things like predatory behavior, stalking, threats, harassment, intimidation, invading privacy, revealing other people's personal information, and inciting others to violate the Terms of Use are taken very seriously.  Anyone caught doing these things may be permanently banned from Curious.
Don't spam.
Don't create lessons or posts with misleading descriptions, tags, titles or thumbnails in order to drive traffic to some other website.  In general, lessons whose primary purpose is to drive traffic to another site are not okay.  It's also not okay to post large amounts of untargeted, unwanted or repetitive content, including comments and private messages.
Report abuse.
If you find content that violates the Curious Terms of Use or these Community Guidelines, you have a responsibility to the community to report it to us immediately.  You can send email to
abuse@curious.com
to file a complaint.  Remaining silent about offensive or illegal content you know to exist on Curious, even if you didn't post it, is still considered a violation of these guidelines.
We enforce these guidelines.
Please take these rules seriously—we do.  Don't look for loopholes or try to finagle your way around the guidelines.  Either respect the spirit in which they were created, or please go away.
We reserve the right to remove any content from Curious that violate the Community Guidelines, either literally or in spirit.
There are many online "communities" that are just places where people go to complain, snipe and show off; there are others that have truly created a place of trust and respect, where magic happens between people half way across the globe from each other.  We strive for the latter.  Please help us—we can't do it without you.
Stay curious!
Team Curious
CURIOUS TERMS OF USE
(Last revised on February 10, 2015)
Thank you for using Curious!  We
        can't wait to welcome you to our family of teachers and learners around the
        world who are making the Curious platform better every day.  These Terms
        of Use ("
Terms
") govern your use of the Curious ("
Curious
,"
        "
us
," and "
we
") website residing at
        http://curious.com (the "
Site
") and the Service.  In
        addition, we ask that you review and abide by our
Curious Community Guidelines
.
These
        guidelines and terms aren't just the usual yada yada, so please read them
        carefully before using our Service.
By using Curious'
        Service you agree to be bound by these Terms
, and you are representing that you
        have the authority and capacity to form a contract with Curious.  If you
        are using our Service on behalf of an organization you are agreeing to these
        Terms for that organization and promising that you have the authority to bind
        that organization to these Terms.  In that case, "you" and
        "your" will refer to that organization.  If you do not agree
        with all of the provisions of these Terms, you are not authorized to use the
        Service.
You must be at least
        13 years old
to use our Service, and if you are 13-17 years old, you
        may only use the site if your parent or guardian consents to these Terms and
        creates an account on your behalf.
THESE TERMS INCLUDE A CLASS ACTION
        WAIVER AND A WAIVER OF JURY TRIALS AND REQUIRE THE USE OF
ARBITRATION
ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS TO RESOLVE
        DISPUTES.
IF YOU SUBSCRIBE TO THE SERVICE FOR A
        TERM (THE “
INITIAL TERM
”), THEN THE TERMS WILL BE AUTOMATICALLY RENEWED
        FOR ADDITIONAL PERIODS OF THE SAME DURATION AS THE INITIAL TERM AT CURIOUS’
        THEN-CURRENT FEE FOR SUCH SERVICES UNLESS YOU DECLINE TO RENEW YOUR
        SUBSCRIPTION IN ACCORDANCE WITH SECTION 4 BELOW.
SECTION 1: YOUR USE OF THE CURIOUS SERVICE
Legal definition of the Curious Service.
Curious provides an online platform
        that helps connect students ("
Students
") who wish to take
        lessons and teachers ("
Teachers
") who wish to provide lessons
        ("
Lessons
") through the service ("
Service
"). 
        "
User
" means any user of the Service, and may be Teacher or
        Student. By default, a Lesson will be provided to Students free of charge
        ("
Free Lesson
"). Curious may, in its sole discretion, enable
        Lessons to be provided to Students for a fee ("
Charged Lessons
").
         Charged Lessons may include educational services such as live teaching
        via video chat or email, or ancillary products or documents, and Teachers may
        decide which Lessons are Charged Lessons.  Most Charged Lessons are
        available to Students upon payment of the Curious Subscription Fees (as defined
        in Section 4) (“
Curious+ Lessons
”, although Curious may, from time
        to time, offer certain premium Charged Lessons, such as boot camps on a
        particular topic, for a separate fee (“
Premium Lessons
”). Curious may,
        in its sole discretion, permit Students to sample a limited portion of a Lesson
        ("
Sample
") free of charge.  If Curious enables this
        feature, the Sample will either be determined by Curious or Teacher, in
        Curious' sole discretion.
What license is a Teacher giving to a Student for a Free Lesson?
Subject to these Terms, upon enrollment
        in a Free Lesson, Teacher hereby grants to Student a non-exclusive license to
        access and use the Free Lesson as permitted by the Service for your internal
        business or personal purpose.
What license is a Teacher giving to a Student for a Charged Lesson?
Subject to these Terms, Teacher hereby grants
        to Student a non-exclusive license, to access and use the Charged Lesson as
        permitted by the Service for your internal business or personal purpose.
What promises is a Teacher making to the Student about the content of the Lesson?
For both licenses described above, the
        Teacher represents and warrants to the Student that (a) it has all rights
        necessary (including any third party licenses and/or consents required) to
        grant the licenses (b) no payments of any kind are required by Student to any
        third party to exercise the licenses; and (c) the Lesson does not infringe
        upon, misappropriate, or violate any third party IPR, privacy or publicity
        right, property right, or other right. Teacher agrees to defend, indemnify and
        hold harmless Student from and against any claims, suits, losses, damages,
        liabilities, costs, and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees) brought
        by third parties resulting from or relating to a breach by Teacher of the
        foregoing warranty. "
IPR
" means all trade secrets, copyrights,
        trademarks, mask work rights, patents, and other intellectual property rights
        recognized by the laws of any country.
What happens if a Teacher takes down a Lesson from Curious?
If a Free Lesson is removed by the
        Teacher, it will no longer be available to prior Students or new Students.
         If a Charged Lesson is removed by the Teacher, it may remain available to
        Students who have already Enrolled in the Lesson, but will not be available to
        Students who did not Enroll in the Lesson prior to the date of the Charged
        Lesson’s removal.  Notwithstanding any removal, Curious may retain server
        copies of the removed Lessons.  As used herein, “Enroll” means any
        affirmative action taken by a Student (such as a “click”) to continue viewing a
        Charged Lesson after the Charged Lesson’s preview.
SECTION 2: YOUR USE OF THE CURIOUS SITE
Rules about your Curious Account.
In order to use the Service, you must
        register for an account with Curious ("
Account
") and provide
        certain information about yourself.  You represent and warrant that: (a)
        all required registration information you submit is truthful, complete, and
        accurate; and (b) you will maintain the accuracy of such information.  You
        may delete your Account at any time, for any reason, by following the
        instructions on the Site.  You are responsible for maintaining the
        confidentiality of your Account login information and are fully responsible for
        all activities that occur under your Account.  You agree to immediately
        notify Curious of any unauthorized use, or suspected unauthorized use of your
        Account or any other breach of security.  Curious cannot and will not be
        liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with the
        above requirements.  You may not have more than one Account.
Your license to use the Curious Site.
Subject to these Terms, Curious grants
        you a non-transferable, non-exclusive, license to access and use the Service
        (excluding Lessons but including Samples) for your internal business or
        personal purpose.
SECTION 3: THE RIGHTS YOU ARE GIVING US TO YOUR CONTENT
We separate your content into two categories, with different rights.
It's very important to us that you
        understand what rights you are giving Curious to the content that you create or
        use with our Service (your "
User Content
"). We separate your
        User Content into two categories, which have separate rights:
Non-Lesson
        Content
and
Lessons.
Lessons include any and all
        video, audio, text, documents, images, exercises, emails or other information
        and content that a Teacher submits to the Site for the purposes of creating a
        lesson or related educational services, but excludes Samples. "
Non-Lesson
        Content
" means any other User Content that is not a Lesson, including
        Samples.
License you are giving us to your Lessons.
You own all Lessons you build on
        Curious and can remove them at any time (see the paragraph that describes what
        happens if you do this).  However, we request certain rights to your
        Lesson(s) for limited purposes, e.g., to help you be successful on Curious, as
        described below:
You grant--and you represent and warrant that
        you have the right to grant--to Curious a nonexclusive, royalty-free and fully
        paid, worldwide, assignable license, with the right to sublicense, to
        reproduce, distribute, publicly display and perform, prepare derivative works
        of, incorporate into other works, and otherwise use your Lesson,
solely
        to provide your Lesson through the Service to Students
in accordance
        with this Agreement, and thumbnails, descriptions, short excerpts, and screenshots
        of your Lesson to advertise, market and promote the Service.  You also
        agree to irrevocably waive (and cause to be waived) any claims and assertions
        of moral rights or attribution with respect to your Lesson.
With the exception of
        this license you grant to us and the one you grant to Students above, you
        retain all rights, title and interest in your Lessons and whatever IPR it
        contains.
License you are giving us to your Non-Lesson Content.
For your Non-Lesson Content (if you
        aren't a Teacher this is the only kind of User Content you have) we request
        certain rights to your Non-Lesson Content for limited purposes, e.g., to make
        Curious work, as described below:
You grant--and you represent and warrant that
        you have the right to grant--to Curious a nonexclusive, royalty-free and fully
        paid, worldwide, assignable license, with the right to sublicense, to
        reproduce, distribute, publicly display and perform, prepare derivative works
        of, incorporate into other works, and otherwise use your Non-Lesson Content,
solely
        for inclusion in the Service and to advertise, market and promote the Service.
You
        also agree to irrevocably waive (and cause to be waived) any claims and
        assertions of moral rights or attribution with respect to your Non-Lesson
        Content.
With the exception of
        this license you grant to us, you retain all rights, title and interest in your
        Non-Lesson Content and whatever IPR it contains.
You are making certain promises to us about your User Content.
You hereby represent and warrant to
        Curious that your User Content does not violate the Community Guidelines and
        that no payments of any kind are required by Curious to any third party to
        exercise the licenses described above.  You may not state or imply that
        your User Content is in any way provided, sponsored or endorsed by Curious. 
        Curious is not obligated to backup your User Content. Furthermore, you
        are solely responsible for your User Content and assume all risks associated
        with use of your User Content.
How we enforce our rules about Your Content.
Curious may at any time, in its sole
        discretion, but is not obligated to, review, remove, modify, and/or place age
        restrictions on any User Content, or investigate and/or take appropriate
        action, including terminating your Account and/or reporting you to law
        enforcement authorities, for any reason or no reason, including if you violate
        these Terms, or otherwise create liability for us or any other person, all
        without any liability or notice to you.
SECTION 4: BUYING AND SELLING LESSONS ON CURIOUS
How payments work from Students.
In order to access Curious+
        Lessons, Students will need to pay the applicable Curious Subscription Fees to purchase
        a subscription from Curious.  Students may access Premium Lessons by
        paying Curious the applicable fee listed on the Site.
Students will be responsible for
        payment of the applicable Curious Subscription Fees at the time they select
        their monthly or annual subscription package (each, a “
Service Commencement
        Date
”).  Except as set forth in these Terms, all fees for the Services
        are non-refundable.  The current "
Curious Subscription
        Fees
" will be set forth at
http://curious.com
and may be
        modified by Curious from time to time.  Existing subscribers can view
        their existing monthly or annual subscription package by logging in at
http://curious.com
and going to the Account Services page. Student
        will not pay Teacher outside the Service in connection with the Lesson.
How selling lessons work.
Curious will pay Teacher the Teacher
        Payment.  The "
Teacher Payment
" means a license fee based
        on the volume of views by Students of those Curious+ Lessons created by the
        Teacher, as further described at:
http://curious.com/legal#teacherPayments
.
How refunds work.
Curious may refund
        Students in accordance with its
refund policy
(as may be
        modified by Curious from time to time).  Curious' determination as to
        whether a refund is required is final and conclusive and may not be challenged
        by you.
Curious Account Credit.
Besides paying for Charged Lessons in
        U.S. Dollars, Curious may offer Students the opportunity to pay for Charged
        Lessons with credit accrued in their Curious account (“
Curious Account
        Credit
”). Students may purchase Curious Account Credit with a credit card
        and PayPal. One dollar of Curious Account Credit (excluding Promotional Account
        Credit) is equivalent to one U.S. dollar. Curious Account Credit is not legal
        tender and cannot be traded or sold to third parties. The only rights that you
        have to receive payment of any amounts held by Curious are as set out in this
        Section.
If you are a Teacher, this paragraph
        applies to you regarding Curious Account Credit. The balance of any Curious Account
        Credit held by you may be reduced at any time by Curious for charge-backs or
        refunds, or for any amount owed by you to Curious, to compensate Curious for
        any loss that it determines (in its sole discretion) it has suffered as a
        result of any breach of these Terms by you. Provided there is no breach of
        these Terms, you may at any time convert Curious Account Credit (excluding
        Promotional Curious Account Credit) held in your Account to U.S. dollars. Any
        such payments will be subject to any minimum or maximum withdrawal amounts set
        by Curious, may be subject to reasonable withholdings to address money-back
        guarantee periods, charge-backs and refunds, and be made via the payment method
        specified by Curious from time to time. Curious may require you to convert your
        Curious Account Credit (excluding Promotional Curious Account Credit) into
        dollars from time to time.
If you are a Student, the paragraph
        applies to you regarding Curious Account Credit. Curious Account Credit (excluding
        Promotional Account Credit) does not expire. There are no dormancy or other
        fees applicable to Curious Account Credit. Curious Account Credit may only be
        redeemed toward the purchase of Lessons. Curious may, in its sole discretion,
        permit Students to redeem Curious Account Credit (excluding Promotional Curious
        Account Credit) balances in cash (currency or check) for its cash value, or
        replace it with new Curious Account Credit at no cost to the Student. Curious
        Account Credit (excluding Promotional Curious Account Credit) balances are
        redeemable for cash (currency or check) for its cash value when the balance is
        less than U.S. $10 or as otherwise required by law. If you return any item
        purchased with Curious Account Credit, any refund will be issued to you in
        Curious Account Credit. Curious Account Credit cannot be reloaded, resold,
        transferred for value, redeemed for cash (except as described above) or applied
        to any other account, except to the extent required by law.
Promotional Curious Credits.
Curious may, in its sole discretion
        from time to time, offer certain Students Curious Account Credit free of charge
        ("
Promotional Curious
Account Credit
"). Generally,
        Students may use Promotional Curious Account Credit on the same terms as
        Curious Account Credit (as described above) within 1 year of issuance
        (Promotional Curious Account Credit may, at Curious' option and sole
        discretion, automatically expire). If you are a Teacher, you agree to the
        following regarding Promotional Curious Account Credit: notwithstanding
        anything to the contrary, (a) Promotional Curious Account Credit is not
        equivalent to any U.S. dollar amount and may not be converted to U.S. dollars;
        and (b) Promotional Curious Account Credit may be redeemed only for the
        specific Promotional Curious Account Credit rewards (e.g., free ad space on the
        Site) as may be offered by Curious from time to time.
General Payment Terms.
You agree to pay all fees or charges to
        your Account in accordance with the fees, charges and billing terms in effect
        at the time a fee or charge is due and payable.  You must provide Curious
        with a valid credit card or PayPal account (“
Payment Provider
”). 
        Your Payment Provider agreement governs your use of the designated credit card
        or PayPal account, and you must refer to that agreement and not the terms to
        determine your rights and liabilities.  By providing Curious with your
        credit card number or PayPal account and associated payment information, you
        agree that Curious is authorized to immediately invoice your Account for all
        fees and charges due and payable to Curious hereunder and that no additional
        notice or consent is required.  You agree to immediately notify Curious of
        any change in your billing address or the credit card or PayPal account used
        for payment hereunder.  Curious reserves the right at any time to change
        its prices and billing methods, either immediately upon posting on the Site or
        by email delivery to you.
If your Account has a positive balance
        of Curious Account Credits,
Curious will draw down upon such credits for
        all fees or charges to your Account prior to charging your Payment
        Provider.  Once your Account balance of Curious Account Credits is equal
        to zero, Curious will charge your Payment Provider in accordance with this
        Section.
All payment will be in U.S. dollars.
        Teacher (and not Curious) is responsible for the collection and/or payment of
        all Taxes arising from the sale or purchase or provision of any Lessons. "
Taxes
"
        means any applicable duties, sales taxes, GST, VAT or other taxes.  Any
        amount that is not paid when due will accrue interest at eighteen percent (18%)
        per annum or the maximum rate permitted by applicable law, whichever is less,
        from the due date until paid.
Curious uses Stripe as its third party service provider for payment services (e.g. card
        acceptance, merchant settlement, and related services).  By making use of some or all of these
        payment services on Curious you agree to be bound by Stripe's terms and
        conditions (available at
https://stripe.com/terms
along with its privacy
        policy:
https://stripe.com/privacy
) and hereby consent
        and authorize Curious to delegate the authorizations and share the information
        you provide to us with our Third Party Service Provider(s) to the extent
        required to provide the Payment Services to you. Stripe may also be contacted
        directly for payments support by email at info@stripe.com.
Automatic Renewal.
Your subscription will continue indefinitely until terminated in accordance with the
        Terms.
After your initial subscription period, and again after any
        subsequent subscription period, your subscription will automatically commence
        on the first day following the end of such period (each, a “Renewal
        Commencement Date”) and continue for an additional equivalent period, at
        Curious’ then-current price for such subscription.  You agree that your
        Account will be subject to this automatic renewal feature unless you cancel
        your subscription at any time prior to the Renewal Commencement Date by logging
        into your account at
www.curious.com
and going to the
        “Account Settings” page.
If you cancel your subscription, you may use
        your subscription until the end of your then-current subscription period. 
        By subscribing, you authorize Curious to charge your Payment Provider now, and
        again at the beginning of any subsequent subscription period.  Upon
        renewal of your subscription, if Curious does not receive payment from your
        Payment Provider, (i) you agree to pay all amounts due on your Account upon
        demand, and/or (ii) you agree that Curious may either terminate or suspend your
        subscription and continue to attempt to charge your Payment Provider until
        payment is received (upon receipt of payment, your Account will be reactivated
        and for the purposes of automatic renewal, your subscription commitment period
        will begin as of the day payment was received).
Free Trials and Other Promotions.
Any free trial or other promotion that providers Users with access to Curious+
        Lessons must be used within the specified time of the trial.  At the end
        of the trial period, and your initial subscription period will begin in
        accordance with the terms of this Section, unless you cancel your free trial by
        logging into your account at
www.curious.com
and going to your
        Account Settings page.  If you cancel your free trial or other promotion,
        your use of those Curious+ Lessons will expire at the end of the free trial
        and any further use of Curious+ Lessons is prohibited unless you pay the
        applicable subscription fees.
SECTION 5: OTHER IMPORTANT LEGAL STUFF
Third Party Sites & Ads.
The Site might contain links to third
        party websites and third party advertisements (collectively, "
Third
        Party Sites & Ads
").  Curious does not control or endorse,
        and is not responsible for, Third Party Sites & Ads. You use all Third
        Party Sites & Ads at your own risk.  When you link to a Third Party
        Site & Ad, the applicable third party's terms and policies apply. YouTube
        is a Third Party Site and Ad.  To the extent Teacher uses any content
        provided through YouTube in any Lessons, YouTube's terms and policies govern
        Teacher's use of such content in the Lesson.
Termination.
We reserve the right to modify, suspend
        or end the Service, or suspend or terminate your Account, at any time, with or
        without cause, and with or without notice.  Upon termination of your
        Account, your right to access and use the Service will terminate immediately
        and we may delete your User Content, without any liability to you. Even after
        these Terms are terminated, the subsections under each of the following
        sections of these Terms will remain in effect: Sections 1 (other than the
        subsection titled "Legal definition of the Curious Service"), 3, 5,
        and 6.
Restrictions and Ownership.
The rights granted to you are subject
        to the following restrictions: (a) you shall not license, sell, rent, lease,
        transfer, assign, distribute, or otherwise commercially exploit the Service;
        (b) you shall not modify, make derivative works of, disassemble, reverse
        compile or reverse engineer any part of the Service; and (c) except as
        expressly stated herein, no part of the Service may be copied, reproduced,
        distributed, republished, downloaded, displayed, posted or transmitted in any
        form or by any means.  All copyright and other proprietary notices on any
        Service content must be retained on all copies thereof.  You agree not to:
        (i) use or launch any automated system, including "robots," "spiders,"
        or "offline readers," on the Service; (ii) collect or harvest any
        information from the Service; (iii) use the Service for any commercial
        solicitation purposes; (iv) violate any applicable laws; or (v) transmit
        computer viruses, worms, or any software intended to damage or alter a computer
        system or data onto the Service. Excluding your User Content, you acknowledge
        that all the IPR in the Service are owned by Curious or its licensors. The
        provision of the Service does not transfer to you or any third party any
        rights, title or interest in or to such IPR. Curious and its licensors reserve
        all rights not granted in these Terms. If you provide Curious any feedback
        ("
Feedback
"), you hereby assign to Curious all right, title
        and interest in the Feedback and agree that Curious may freely use such
        Feedback. Copyright © 2012, Curious. All rights reserved. You are not permitted
        to use any trademarks, logos, and service marks on the Service without our
        prior written consent or the consent of the applicable third party owner
        thereof.
Indemnity.
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold
        harmless Curious from and against any claims, suits, losses, damages,
        liabilities, costs, and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees) brought
        by third parties resulting from or relating to (a) your use of the Service, (b)
        your User Content, (c) your interaction with any other User, or (d) your
        violation of these Terms or any applicable laws.
WARRANTY DISCLAIMERS, OTHER DISCLAIMERS, AND RELEASE.
THE SERVICE IS PROVIDED
        "AS-IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" AND WE (AND OUR SUPPLIERS)
        EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ANY WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS
        OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING THE WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
        FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, QUIET ENJOYMENT, ACCURACY, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.
        SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THE
        ABOVE EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. We make no warranties regarding the
        Lessons, or any other products or services provided by Teachers, Students, or
        other Users and each of the foregoing are provided through us "AS
        IS." Teachers sell and Students buy Lessons at their own risk. Your
        interactions with other Users are solely between you and such User and Curious
        will not be responsible for any loss or damage incurred as the result of any
        such interactions. If there is a dispute between you and any User, we are under
        no obligation to become involved. You hereby irrevocably and unconditionally
        release and forever discharge Curious from any and all claims, demands, and
        rights of action, whether now known or unknown, which are or may be based on
        any interactions with, or act or omission of, other Users, including Students
        and Teachers. IF YOU ARE A CALIFORNIA RESIDENT, YOU HEREBY WAIVE CALIFORNIA
        CIVIL CODE SECTION 1542 IN CONNECTION WITH THE FOREGOING, WHICH STATES: "A
        GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS WHICH THE CREDITOR DOES NOT KNOW OR
        SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE,
        WHICH IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER MUST HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER
        SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR."
LIMITATION ON LIABILITY.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW,
        IN NO EVENT WILL CURIOUS, ITS AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS,
        SUPPLIERS OR LICENSORS BE LIABLE FOR (A) ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL,
        PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY OR CONSEQUENTIAL (INCLUDING LOSS OF USE, DATA, BUSINESS, OR
        PROFITS) DAMAGES, REGARDLESS OF LEGAL THEORY, WHETHER OR NOT CURIOUS HAS BEEN
        WARNED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, AND EVEN IF A REMEDY FAILS OF ITS
        ESSENTIAL PURPOSE; (B) AGGREGATE LIABILITY FOR ALL CLAIMS RELATING TO THE
        SERVICES OR THESE TERMS, REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF ACTION, MORE THAN THE
        GREATER OF $20 OR THE AMOUNTS PAID BY YOU TO CURIOUS FOR THE PAST THREE MONTHS
        OF THE SERVICES IN QUESTION. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OR
        EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OF CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE
        LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU AND YOU MAY ALSO HAVE OTHER LEGAL
        RIGHTS THAT VARY FROM JURISDICTION TO JURISDICTION.
Changes to these Terms.
These Terms are subject to occasional
        revision, and if we make any substantial changes, we may notify you by sending
        you an e-mail to the last e-mail address you provided to us (if any) and/or by
        prominently posting notice of the changes on our Site. Continued use of our
        Service following notice of such changes shall indicate your acknowledgement of
        such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of such
        changes.
General.
Certain features of the Service may be
        subject to additional guidelines, terms, or rules, which will be posted on the
        Service in connection with such features and are incorporated by reference into
        these Terms (in the case of a conflict these Terms shall govern). These Terms
        constitutes the entire agreement between you and us regarding the use of the
        Service. Our failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these
        Terms shall not operate as a waiver of such right or provision. The section
        titles in these Terms are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual
        effect. The word "including" means including without limitation. If
        any provision of these Terms are, for any reason, held to be invalid or
        unenforceable, the other provisions of these Terms will be unimpaired, and the
        invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed modified, so that it is valid
        and enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by law. Your relationship to
        Curious is that of an independent contractor, and neither party is an agent or
        partner of the other. You may not assign these Terms without Curious' prior
        written consent, and any attempted assignment in violation of the foregoing
        will be null and void. Curious may assign these Terms to any of its affiliates
        or subsidiaries, or pursuant to a transfer of all or substantially all of
        Curious' business and assets, whether by merger, sale of assets, sale of stock,
        or otherwise. These Terms shall be binding upon assignees.  You may
        contact us at 101 Jefferson Drive, #228, Menlo Park, CA 94025. In accordance with
        California Civil Code ¤1789.3, you may report complaints to the
        Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Service of the California
        Department of Consumer Affairs by contacting them in writing at 400 R Street,
        Sacramento, CA 95814, or by telephone at (800) 952-5210. The Agreement is made
        under and shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the
        State of California, consistent with the Federal Arbitration Act, without
        giving effect to any principles that provide for the application of the law of
        another jurisdiction.
SECTION 6: ARBITRATION AGREEMENT
PLEASE READ THIS ARBITRATION AGREEMENT CAREFULLY.
        It is part of your contract with Curious and it affects your rights.  It
        contains procedures for MANDATORY BINDING ARBITRATION AND A CLASS ACTION
        WAIVER.
(a) Any and all controversies,
        disputes, demands, counts, claims, or causes of action (including the
        interpretation and scope of this clause, and the arbitrability of the
        controversy, dispute, demand, count, claim, or cause of action) between you and
        Curious and our employees, agents, successors, or assigns, regarding or
        relating to these the Site, Services or these Terms, shall exclusively be
        settled through binding and confidential arbitration on an individual basis
        under the terms of this Arbitration Agreement.
(b) Before either party may seek
        arbitration, the party must first send to the other party a written notice of
        dispute (“
Notice
”) describing the nature and basis of the claim or
        dispute, and the requested relief.  A Notice to Curious should be sent to:
        101 Jefferson Drive, #228, Menlo Park, CA 94025.  After the Notice is received, you and Curious may attempt to
        resolve the claim or dispute informally.  If you and Curious do not
        resolve the claim or dispute within thirty (30) days after the Notice is
        received, either party may begin an arbitration proceeding.  The amount of
        any settlement offer made by any party may not be disclosed to the arbitrator
        until after the arbitrator has determined the amount of the award, if any, to
        which either party is entitled.
(c) Arbitration shall be subject to the
        Federal Arbitration Act and not any state arbitration law. The arbitration
        shall be conducted before one commercial arbitrator with substantial experience
        in resolving commercial contract disputes from the American Arbitration
        Association (“AAA”) or JAMS (“
ADR Provider
”). As modified by these
        Terms, and unless otherwise agreed upon by the parties in writing, the
        arbitration will be governed by the ADR Provider’s rules for commercial
        arbitration and, if the arbitrator deems them applicable, the procedures for
        consumer-related disputes (“
Arbitration Rules
”).  Any claims or disputes where the
        total amount of the award sought is less than Ten Thousand U.S. Dollars (US
        $10,000.00 ) may  be resolved through binding non-appearance-based
        arbitration, at the option of the party seeking relief.  For claims or
        disputes where the total amount of the award sought is Ten Thousand U.S.
        Dollars (US $10,000.00) or more, the right to a hearing will be determined by
        the Arbitration Rules.  Any hearing will be held in a location within 100
        miles of your residence, unless you reside outside of the United States, and
        unless the parties agree otherwise.  Any judgment on the award rendered by
        the arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.  Each
        party shall bear its own costs (including attorney’s fees) and disbursements
        arising out of the arbitration, and shall pay an equal share of the fees and
        costs of the ADR Provider.
(d) THE PARTIES HEREBY WAIVE THEIR CONSTITUTIONAL AND STATUTORY RIGHTS TO GO TO COURT
        AND HAVE A TRIAL IN FRONT OF A JUDGE OR A JURY, instead electing that all
        claims and disputes shall be resolved by arbitration under this Arbitration
        Agreement.  Arbitration procedures are typically more limited, more
        efficient and less costly than rules applicable in court and are subject to
        very limited review by a court.  In the event any litigation should arise
        between you and Curious in any state or federal court in a suit to vacate or
        enforce an arbitration award or otherwise, YOU AND CURIOUS WAIVE ALL RIGHTS TO
        A JURY TRIAL, instead electing that the dispute be resolved by a judge.
ALL CLAIMS AND DISPUTES WITHIN THE SCOPE OF THIS ARBITRATION AGREEMENT MUST BE ARBITRATED
        OR LITIGATED ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS AND NOT ON A CLASS BASIS, AND CLAIMS OF
        MORE THAN ONE CUSTOMER OR USER CANNOT BE ARBITRATED OR LITIGATED JOINTLY OR
        CONSOLIDATED WITH THOSE OF ANY OTHER CUSTOMER OR USER.
(e) If non-appearance arbitration is elected, the arbitration shall be conducted by
        telephone, online and/or based solely on written submissions; the specific
        manner shall be chosen by the party initiating the arbitration.  The
        arbitration shall not involve any personal appearance by the parties or
        witnesses unless otherwise mutually agreed by the parties.
(f) If arbitration is initiated, the arbitrator will decide the rights and
        liabilities, if any, of you and Curious, and the dispute will not be
        consolidated with any other matters or joined with any other cases or
        parties.  The arbitrator shall have the authority to grant motions
        dispositive of all or part of any claim. The arbitrator shall have the
        authority to award monetary damages and to grant any non-monetary remedy or
        relief available to an individual under applicable law, the Arbitration Rules,
        and the Terms.  The arbitrator shall issue a written award and statement
        of decision describing the essential findings and conclusions on which the
        award is based, including the calculation of any damages awarded.  The
        arbitrator has the same authority to award relief on an individual basis that a
        judge in a court of law would have.  The award of the arbitrator is final
        and binding upon you and Curious.
(g) Notwithstanding the foregoing, either you or we may bring an individual
        action in small claims court.
(h) Claims of infringement or
        misappropriation of the other party’s patent, copyright, trademark, or trade
        secret shall not be subject to this Arbitration Agreement. Additionally,
        notwithstanding this agreement to arbitrate, either party may seek emergency
        equitable relief before a state or federal court in order to maintain the
        status quo pending arbitration. A request for interim measures shall not be
        deemed a waiver of the right to arbitrate.
(i) If any part of this arbitration
        provision is deemed to be invalid, unenforceable or illegal, or otherwise
        conflicts with these Terms, then the balance of this arbitration provision
        shall remain in effect and shall be construed in accordance with its terms as
        if the invalid, unenforceable, illegal or conflicting provision were not
        contained herein. If for any reason a claim proceeds in court rather than in
        arbitration, the dispute shall be exclusively brought in state or federal court
        in San Francisco County, California.
(j) Notwithstanding any provision in
        these Terms to the contrary, if we seek to terminate the Dispute Resolution
        section as included in these Terms, any such termination shall not be effective
        until 30 days after the version of these Terms not containing the agreement to
        arbitrate is posted to the Site, and shall not be effective as to any claim of
        which you provided Curious with written notice prior to the date of
        termination.
(k) For more information on AAA, its
        Rules and Procedures, and how to file an arbitration claim, you may call AAA at
        800-778-7879 or visit the AAA website at http://www.adr.org. For more
        information on JAMS, it’s Rules and Procedures, and how to file an arbitration
        claim, you may call JAMS at 800-352-5267 or visit the JAMS website at
        http://www.jamsadr.com.
(l) Any and all controversies,
        disputes, demands, counts, claims, or causes of action between you and Curious
        and our employees, agents, successors, or assigns, regarding or relating to
        these the Site, Services or these Terms, shall exclusively be governed by the
        internal laws of the State of California, without regard to its choice of law
        rules and without regard to conflicts of laws principles except that the
        arbitration provision shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act.
PRIVACY POLICY
Dear Curious.com User,
At Curious.com ("
Curious
") we are
      extremely committed to protecting your privacy.  Generally, we collect
      personal data from you in order to help you be a more successful learner and/or
      teacher on Curious. That said, it is important that you understand exactly what
      our business practices are regarding privacy protection.  If you have any
      questions please don't hesitate to contact us about it.  Stay curious!
Sincerely,
Team Curious
Privacy Policy Version 1.1 (Last revised on May 24, 2018)
We have prepared this Privacy Policy to
      describe to you our practices regarding the Personal Data (as defined below) we
      collect from users of our website, located at curious.com, ("
Site
") and
      the services we provide through our Site (collectively, with the Site, the "
Service
").
1. User Consent.
By submitting Personal Data through our
      Service, you expressly consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your
      Personal Data in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
2. A Note About Children.
We do not
      intentionally gather Personal Data from visitors who are under the age of 13.
3. A Note to Users Outside of the United States.
Your Personal Data may be processed in the
      country in which it was collected and in other countries, including the United
      States, where laws regarding processing of Personal Data may be less stringent
      than the laws in your country; by submitting Personal Data through our Service,
      you expressly consent to the foregoing.
4.
      Types of Data We Collect.  "Personal Data"
means data that allows someone to identify or contact you.  We collect
      information from you as described below.
(a) Information You Provide to Us.
If you apply to become a
        teacher ("
Teacher
") we will collect Personal Data from you, such as your
        first and last name, e-mail address, phone number and any information
        you put into the subject section.
If you apply to become a
        student ("
Student
") we will collect Personal Data from you, such as your
        first and last name, e-mail address, and educational preferences.
If you ever purchase Service
        on our Site, we will collect all information necessary to complete the
        transaction, which may include your name, credit card information, and billing
        information.
We retain information on
        your behalf, such as files that you store (e.g., Lessons) and messages that you
        send (including the content of the message and the recipient data) using your
        account with us ("
Account
").
If you provide us feedback
        or contact us via e-mail, we will collect your name and e-mail address, as well
        as any other content included in the e-mail, in order to send you a
        reply.
When you participate in one
        of our surveys or marketing promotions, we may collect additional profile
        information or other stuff.
When you post messages on
        the message boards of our Site, the information contained in your posting will
        be stored on our servers and other users will be able to see it.
We may also collect
        Personal Data or other data at other places on our Site, in conjunction with
        new or additional features that are intended to assist Students in learning and
        Teachers in recruiting or teaching Students or to provide other services to
        you.
(b) Information Collected via Technology.
Our servers (which may be
        hosted by a third party service provider) collect information from you,
        including your browser type, operating system, Internet Protocol
        (IP) address (a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you
        use the Internet, which may vary from session to session), domain name, and/or
        a date/time stamp for your visit.
We also use cookies and URL
        information to gather information regarding the date and time of your visit and
        the information for which you searched and which you viewed.
"Cookies"
are small pieces of information that a website sends to your computer's hard
        drive while you are viewing a web site.  We may use both session Cookies
        (which expire once you close your web browser) and persistent Cookies (which
        stay on your computer until you delete them).  Persistent Cookies can be
        removed by following Internet browser help file directions.
(c) Social Networking Sites.
If you (i) log on
      to the Service with your login credentials from a social networking site (such
      as Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, or LinkedIn) ("
Social Networking Site
")
      or (ii) associate your Account with your account at a Social Networking Site,
      we may receive information about you from such Social Networking Site, in
      accordance with such Social Networking Site's terms of use and privacy policy ("
SNS
      Terms
").  We may add this information to the information we have
      already collected from you via the Service.  If you elect to share your
      information with these Social Networking Site, we will share information with
      them in accordance with your election.  For example, but without
      limitation, you may elect to share your Lesson on Facebook.  The SNS Terms
      will apply to the information we disclose to them.
(d) Google Analytics.
We currently use Google Analytics. 
      Google Analytics collects information anonymously and reports website trends
      without identifying individual visitors.  Google Analytics uses its own
      cookie to track visitor interactions.  Website owners can view a variety
      of reports about how visitors interact with their website so they can improve
      their website and how people find it.  We may also use Google Analytics to 
      remarket our Site to you by serving ads on on our behalf on third party 
      websites.  Please see the following links for
      more information about Google Analytics: www.google.com/analytics/, www.google.com/privacy.html, and
      www.google.com/analytics/tos.html.
(e)	Advertisements.
We may also use third parties, such as Google, to serve ads on our behalf on third party websites.  Certain third parties may automatically collect information about your visits to this and other websites, your IP address, your ISP, the browser you use to visit our Site (but not your name, address, e-mail address or telephone number).  They do this by using Cookies, Pixel Tags or other technologies.  Information collected may be used, among other things, to deliver advertisements related to our Site by these third parties.  This policy does not apply to, and we are not responsible for, Cookies or Pixel Tags in third party ads, and we encourage you to check the privacy policies of advertisers and/or ad services to learn about their use of Cookies and other technologies.  If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here:
http://www.aboutads.info/choices
.
5. Use of Your Personal Data.
We use and process your Personal Data as described below and elsewhere in this Privacy Policy.
(a) General Use.
We only use the Personal Data you submit to us
      to respond to requests that you make, to aid us in serving you better, and in
      the following ways: (1) to facilitate the creation of and secure your Account
      on our network; (2) to identify you as a user in our system and remember your
      preferences and the progress you have made using our system; (3)  to
      improve the quality of experience when you interact with our Service; (4) to
      send you a welcome e-mail to verify ownership of the e-mail address provided
      when your Account was created, and to help you get started using Curious; (5)
      to send you administrative e-mail notifications, such as security or support
      and maintenance advisories; (6) to respond to your inquiries and requests; (7)
      to make telephone calls to you, from time to time, as a part of secondary
      fraud protection or to solicit your feedback; (8) to send
      newsletters, surveys, offers, and other promotional materials related to our
      Service and for other marketing purposes of Curious; (9) to personalize
      educational recommendations to you based on your preferences.
(b) Creation of Anonymous Data.
We may
      create anonymous data records from Personal Data by excluding information (such
      as your name) that makes the data personally identifiable to you.  We use
      this anonymous data to analyze request and usage patterns so that we may
      enhance the content of our Service and improve Site navigation.  Curious
      reserves the right to use anonymous data for any purpose and disclose anonymous
      data to third parties in its sole discretion.
6. Disclosure of Your Personal Data.
We disclose your Personal Data as described
      below and as described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy.
(a) Profile Information.
The following profile
      information about Teachers is public: the Teacher's first and last name and any
      biographical information that the Teacher chooses to show in his/her public
      profile through the privacy settings on the Site.  The following profile
      information about Students is public: the Student's first and last name or the
      handle that the Student chooses to show in his/her public profile and the
      Lessons that the Student has "enrolled" in and the Student's progress in such
      Lessons (e.g., how far, how many exercises, and how many completed
      assignments).
(b) Third Party Service
      Providers.
We may share
      your Personal Data with third party service providers to: provide you
      with the Service that we offer you through our Site; to conduct quality
      assurance testing; to facilitate creation of accounts; to provide technical
      support; to provide billing/payment services, and/or to provide other services
      to Curious.  These third party service providers are required not to use
      your Personal Data other than to provide the services requested by Curious.
(c) Affiliates and
      Acquisitions
We may
      share some or all of your Personal Data with our parent company, subsidiaries,
      joint ventures, or other companies under a common control ("
Affiliates
"),
      in which case we will require our Affiliates to honor this Privacy
      Policy.  If another company acquires our company, business, or our assets,
      including in connection with a bankruptcy proceeding, that company will possess
      the Personal Data collected by us and will assume the rights and obligations
      regarding your Personal Data as described in this Privacy Policy
(d) Other Disclosures
.  Regardless of any choices you make
      regarding your Personal Data (as described below), Curious may disclose
      Personal Data if it believes in good faith that such disclosure is necessary
      (a) in connection with any legal investigation; (b) to comply with relevant
      laws or to respond to subpoenas or warrants served on Curious; (c) to protect
      or defend the rights or property of Curious or users of the Service; and/or (d)
      to investigate or assist in preventing any violation or potential violation of
      the law, this Privacy Policy, or Terms of Use.
7. Third Party Websites.
When you click on a link to any other
      website or location, you will leave our Site and go to another site and another
      entity may collect information from you.  We have no control over, do not
      review, and cannot be responsible for, these outside websites or their
      content.  Please be aware that the terms of this Privacy Policy do not
      apply to these outside websites or content, or to any collection of data after
      you click on links to such outside websites.  For the avoidance of doubt,
      YouTube is a third party website.  To the extent any content provided
      through YouTube is used in any lessons on the Service, YouTube's privacy policy
      governs YouTube's collection, use and disclosure of your information in
      connection with such content in the lesson.
8. Your Choices Regarding Your Personal Data
(a) Choices.
We offer you choices regarding the
      collection, use, and sharing of your Personal Data.  We will
      periodically send you free newsletters and e-mails that directly promote the
      use of our Service.  When you receive newsletters or promotional
      communications from us, you may indicate a preference to stop receiving further
      communications from us and you will have the opportunity to "opt-out" by
      following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the e-mail you receive or by
      contacting us directly (please see contact information below). Despite your
      indicated e-mail preferences, we may send you service related communication,
      including notices of any updates to our Terms of Use or Privacy Policy.
(b) Changes and Corrections to Personal
      Data.
You may change or correct any
      of your Personal Data in your Account by editing your profile within your
      Account.  You may request deletion of your Personal Data by us, but please
      note that we may be required to keep this information and not delete it (or to
      keep this information for a certain time, in which case we will comply with
      your deletion request only after we have fulfilled such requirements) as required by law. 
      When we delete any information, it will be deleted from the active database,
      but may remain in our archives until those archives expire.  We may retain your information for fraud
      prevention or similar purposes.
(c) Access to Personal Data.
You may request to obtain a copy
       of your Personal Data. We will provide that copy in a reasonable timeframe.
9. Security of Your
      Personal Data.
Curious
      is committed to protecting the security of your Personal Data.  We use a
      variety of industry-standard security technologies and procedures to help
      protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, modification, use,
      disclosure, or deletion.  We also require you to enter a password to
      access your Account information. Please do not disclose your Account password
      to unauthorized people.  No method of transmission over the Internet, or
      method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, you
      acknowledge that while Curious uses reasonable efforts to protect your Personal
      Data, Curious cannot guarantee or warrant the security of your Personal
      Information or that the information on the Service may not be accessed,
      modified, used, disclosed, or deleted by unauthorized persons.
10. Contact Information.
Curious welcomes your comments
      or questions regarding this Privacy Policy.  Please e-mail us at
feedback@curious.com
or contact us at the following address:
Curious.com Incorporated, 101 Jefferson Drive, #228, Menlo Park, CA 94025
11. Changes to This
      Privacy Policy.
This
      Privacy Policy is subject to occasional revision, and if we make any material
      changes in the way we use your Personal Data, we will notify you by sending you
      an e-mail to the last e-mail address you provided to us and/or by prominently
      posting notice of the changes on our Site.  Continued use of our Service,
      following notice of such changes shall indicate your acknowledgement of such
      changes and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of such changes.
DMCA/COPYRIGHT POLICY
(Last revised on: September 18, 2012)
Curious ("Curious") respects the
      intellectual property rights of others and expects its users to do the
      same.  In accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998,
      the text of which may be found on the U.S. Copyright Office website at http://www.copyright.gov/legislation/dmca.pdf, 
      Curious will respond to claims of copyright infringement committed using the 
      Curious Service if such claims are reported to Curious’s Designated Copyright 
      Agent below and substantially complies with the Notice below.
If you are a copyright owner, authorized to act on behalf of one, 
      or authorized to act under any exclusive right under copyright, you may 
      report alleged copyright infringements taking place on or through the Service 
      by completing the following DMCA Notice of Alleged Infringement and delivering 
      it to Curious’ Designated Copyright Agent. Upon receipt of Notice as described 
      below Curious will take whatever action, in its sole discretion, it deems 
      appropriate, including removal of the challenged content from the Site.  
      In addition Curious has adopted and implemented a policy that provides for 
      the termination, in appropriate circumstances, of users of the Service who 
      are repeat infringers of intellectual property rights, including copyrights.
DMCA Notice of Alleged Infringement (“Notice”)
Identify the
        copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed, or - if multiple copyrighted
        works are covered by this Notice - you may provide a
        representative list of the copyrighted works you claim have been infringed.
Identify the
        material or link you claim is infringing (or the subject of infringing
        activity) and to which access is to be disabled, including at a minimum, if 
        applicable, the URL of the link shown on the Site or the exact location where 
        such material may be found.
Provide your company affiliation (if applicable), mailing address, 
        telephone number, and, if available, email address.
Include both of the following statements in the body of the Notice:
“I hereby state that I have a good faith belief that the disputed use 
            of the copyrighted material is not authorized by the copyright owner, 
            its agent, or the law (e.g., as a fair use).”
“I hereby state that the information in this Notice is accurate and, 
            under penalty of perjury, that I am the owner, or authorized to act on 
            behalf of, the owner, of the copyright or of an exclusive right under 
            the copyright that is allegedly infringed.”
Provide your full legal name and your electronic or physical signature.
Deliver this Notice, with all items completed, to Curious’s Designated Copyright Agent:
Copyright Agent
Curious.com Incorporated
101 Jefferson Drive
#228
Menlo Park, CA 94025
copyright@curious.com
CURIOUS TEACHER PAYMENTS
We founded Curious to help the world’s best teachers share their intellectual property with the world’s students--and be rewarded financially for it. The success of our business is predicated on the success of our teachers. To that end, we strive to share as much revenue as possible with our teachers while still investing in the long-term viability of the Curious platform.
The details of how revenue is netted and distributed are described below. Please note, the details may change from time to time as we adjust to the constantly-changing online learning landscape. What will never change is our commitment to the long term success of every teacher on the Curious platform.
Revenue Share:
Teachers currently earn a minimum of 70% of all net revenue. Net revenue is calculated by subtracting marketing, advertising, and transaction fees from the gross revenue. Gross revenue is money earned from subscription fees plus any other revenue we collect for access to teachers’ content.
How we share Curious subscription fees with our teachers:
Most of our revenue comes from subscription fees. We must calculate each teacher’s share of  these fees based on how often his/her content is viewed in a given month. The payment is based on the percentage of Curious’ aggregate monthly subscriptions, enrollments, and views involving the teacher’s content.
The monthly activities that primarily influence a teacher’s earnings, in order of weight, are:
First enrollments made by a new subscriber
Subsequent enrollments made by a new or existing subscriber
Views by a subscriber that don’t result in an enrollment
Enrollments by a free member
Views by a free member that don’t result in an enrollment
Other Sources of Teacher Revenue:
Tips.
100% of Tips are paid from Students to Teacher.
Referral Bounties.
A $2 referral "bounty" for each free Curious member referred by the Teacher in the previous month using the Curious bounty system; and a $20 referral "bounty" for each Curious+ subscriber referred by the Teacher in the prior prior month (e.g. Fees paid in March would be for subscribers referred in January) that are still subscribers at the time of payment.
NOTE: Important details of the Curious bounty system, and how Teachers receive payments, are available when Teachers log in to the Curious Teacher Lounge at
https://curious.com/teach/learning-center/payment
.
CURIOUS REFUND POLICY
Curious will refund to the Student all or a portion of the Curious Subscription Fees from the current subscription period, if the Student is not satisfied. These refunds will be given on a case by case basis, and in no case will a refund be due that is greater than Curious Subscription Fees paid in the current subscription period.
Subscriptions
Curious offers the following all-access subscriptions:
1 month: $9.99
1 year: $69.99
These prices are for United States customers. Pricing in other countries may vary and actual charges may be converted to your local currency depending on your country of residence.
Your Curious subscription automatically renews 24 hours before the end of the subscription term unless auto-renewal is turned off. Subscription renewals cost the same amount as the original subscription, and your credit card will be charged through your iTunes account at confirmation of purchase. You may turn off auto-renewal at any time after purchase by going to your iTunes Account Settings.
Your subscription can be managed in the Settings screen in the More tab of the Curious app.
Get started!
Save
Please show this teacher your appreciation:
Leave comment
Love this lesson
Tip $1
Tip $2
Tip $5
500 characters left
Thank You
Thank you for your generosity!
No thanks
Continue