GoCab Data Privacy Policy
Information Collection
Information Usage
Cookie Usage
3rd Party Disclosure
3rd Party Links
Fair Information Practices
Fair information
Practices
COPPA
Our Contact Information
This Data Privacy Policy covers any information about you, which may include personal data as defined by applicable law
        ("Personal Information"), which GoCab may obtain when you use any of the websites, programs, GoCab products and services, including search
        services, e-mail, map, storage services or any other program, product or service. Please read our privacy policy carefully to have a clear
        understanding of how we collect, use, protect or process your Personal Information.
What personal information do we collect from people who access our application?
The personal information collected by GoCab, when you access or interact with the application, includes:
- information provided by you when you register (create) or update a user account:
•
First name
•
Last name
•
Phone number
•
Email address
- information about the current location (gps coordinates), to send orders and to be able to estimate the cost of travel in real time.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when:
- you register in our application or enter information in the section of your account.
- you are registered in the application and it runs in the background or in the foreground.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, place an order, browse the application, or use certain
        other features of the application in the following ways:
•
To personalize your experience.
•
To enable us to provide you with better assistance in your customer
        service requests.
•
To send orders and to be able to estimate the cost of travel in real
        time.
Disclosure of information to third parties
We do not sell, trade or otherwise transfer your Personal Information to outside parties.
External links to third parties
We do not include or offer third party products or services in our application.
Personal data deletion
Personal data may be deleted from our system upon user request to asistenta@gocab.ro. We undertake to perform the deletion
        within one month (30 calendar days) since the request has been made.
Contact us
If you have any questions about our privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.
GoCab Software S.A.
Bucharest
Romania
(+40) 727 105 343
Last edited on 2022-08-25