Introductory information
Livesport s.r.o. ("
we
", "
our
" or
"
us
") respects the privacy of its users
("
you
" or "
your
"). This information
about the processing of personal data ("
Information
")
explains how we collect, use, disclose and protect your personal data in
connection with our Mobile Application in any language version or
location ("
Mobile Application
"). We process your
personal data in connection with your registration, use of the Mobile
Application (Art. 2) and in connection with direct marketing (Art. 3).
If you have given your consent in the context of the Mobile Application,
the information concerning the processing of data for the purpose of
direct marketing with your consent (Art. 4) and the processing of data
in connection with the analytics of the use of the Mobile Application
(Art. 5) also applies to you.
Our identity and contact details
We, as the controller of your personal data, are Livesport
s.r.o., with its registered office at Bucharova 2928/14a, Stodůlky, 158
00 Prague 5, Aspira Business Centre, ID 274 33 722, registered in the
Commercial Register maintained by the Municipal Court in Prague, file
no. C113331, Czech Republic.
Our contact details are as follows: postal address Livesport
s.r.o., Bucharova 2928/14a, Stodůlky, 158 00 Prague 5, Aspira Business
Centre, Czech Republic, email address privacy@livesport.eu.
We have appointed a data protection officer who can be contacted
on all matters relating to the processing of your personal data and the
exercise of your rights via the email dpo@livesport.eu.
PROCESSING IN CONNECTION WITH THE
USE OF THE MOBILE APPLICATION AND YOUR REGISTRATION
Specification of processing when using the Mobile
Application.
If you use the Mobile Application, we process for
the B and C purposes set out below records related to your use of the
Mobile Application (IP address, Geo IP, data about the operating system
and hardware of your device, user settings of the Mobile Application)
which are obtained automatically when you use the Mobile Application and
information about your age if you have provided us with such
information.
Registration and login processing
specifications.
If you create an account when using the Mobile
Application or log into the Mobile Application using a previously
created account from our other platforms or products, we will further
process your personal data when you use the Mobile Application for the
purposes A, B and C below, such as:
the contact details, including email, that you provided to us
when you created your account;
your age information, if required for registration or upon
login;
data related to the use of the Mobile Application features (e.g.
votes in polls or favorite teams);
a pseudonymized identifier for monitoring the operation of Mobile
Application and reporting technical faults (Crashlytics ID), other
pseudonymized identifiers that we have put in place to protect you, and
if you have chosen to register or log in to the Mobile Application
through your existing account with a third party (e.g. Facebook, Gmail,
Apple), we also process your name, photograph and a third party
generated pseudonymized identifier provided by such authorized third
party for logging in;
data about your purchases, if any, on the Mobile
Application.
Purposes of processing.
We process your personal
data to the extent necessary for the following purposes:
Purpose A
: The purpose of processing your
personal data is to perform under a contract between you and us or to
enable us to take steps prior to entering into such a contract in
connection with your registration or login in the Mobile
Application.
Purpose B:
The purpose of the processing of the
aforementioned personal data is to ensure the technical operation of the
Mobile Application, i.e. the proper and smooth functioning of the Mobile
Application and the related troubleshooting of reported technical errors
and the subsequent optimization (prevention of errors in the future) of
the Mobile Application.
We have carried out an assessment of whether it is possible to
process your personal data for this purpose and we have also carried out
the necessary proportionality test, which balances the interests in
protecting your rights against our interests. We have concluded that, in
view of the fact that most of the personal data we process is available
for other purposes, that we use pseudonymized identifiers, that
debugging is also in the interest of the user of the Mobile Application,
and that the subsequent optimization of the Mobile Application is in the
interest of all users of the Mobile Application, it does not appear to
us that your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms to protect
your personal data outweigh our legitimate interests as set out
above.
Purpose C
: The purpose of processing your
personal data is to comply with our legal obligations, in particular in
the areas of tax, accounting, and advertising regulation.
Legal basis.
The legal basis for the processing
of personal data for each purpose is as follows:
For purpose A, the fact that such processing is necessary for the
performance of a contract between you and us or to enable us to take
steps prior to entering into such a contract within the meaning of Art.
6(1)(b) of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of
the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with
regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of
such data and repealing Directive 95/46/EC (General Data Protection
Regulation) (the "
Regulation
").
for purpose B, our legitimate interest under Art. 6(1)(f) of the
Regulation is to ensure the technical operation of the Mobile
Application.
for purpose C is to comply with our legal obligations under Art.
6(1)(c) of the Regulation.
Retention period.
Your personal data will be
processed:
for purpose A for a period of three (3) years from the end of
your contract;
for purpose B for the duration of the contract if you have an
account with us, or for 1 month after using the Mobile Application if
you do not have an account; and
for purpose C for duration as long as necessary to comply with
legal obligations under applicable generally binding
legislation.
Other beneficiaries.
Persons who provide
technical activities for us, including persons providing us with hosting
and software development services, and other companies in our group
("
our group
") may be other recipients of your personal
data. In cases where we are required to do so by generally binding
legislation, the relevant public authorities may also be additional
recipients of your personal data for the purpose of fulfilling their
obligations under generally binding legislation.
Your rights.
Subject to the conditions set out
in the Regulation and depending on the purposes stated, you have the
right to request that we provide you with access to your personal data,
the right to rectification or erasure of your personal data or
restriction of its processing and the right to portability of your
personal data. Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity
before complying with such a request.
If you suspect that the processing of your personal data has
infringed or is infringing the Regulation, you have the right, inter
alia, to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular
with a supervisory authority in the EU Member State where you are
habitually resident, have your place of work or where the place of the
alleged infringement of the Regulation is located.
You have the right to object at any time to the processing of
your personal data for the purpose B. In the event that you object to
the processing of your personal data for the purpose B, we will not
further process your personal data unless we demonstrate compelling
legitimate grounds for the processing which override the interests or
your rights and freedoms or where such data is necessary for the
establishment, exercise or defense of our legal claims.
You are not obliged to provide us with your personal data.
However, the provision of your personal data is a necessary requirement
for purpose A, i.e. for the conclusion and performance of the contract,
and without providing your personal data, the contract cannot be
concluded or performed, and this may prevent you from using certain
features and purchases within the Mobile Application that are only
available to registered users. The processing of your personal data for
purpose C is a legal requirement in connection with your eventual
purchase on the Mobile Application.
PROCESSING RELATED TO DIRECT
MARKETING TO REGISTERED USERS
Processing specifications.
If you create an
account within the Mobile Application, or log into the Mobile
Application using a previously created account from our other platforms
or products, we may send you commercial communications (marketing
offers) regarding our own similar services in accordance with generally
applicable law, and for this purpose we process:
the contact details, including email, that you provided to us
when you created your account;
pseudonymized identifiers that we have put in place to protect
you, and where you have chosen to register or log into the Mobile
Application through your existing account with a third party (e.g.
Facebook, Gmail, Apple), we also process the pseudonymized identifier
generated and provided by such authorized third party for logging
in;
This processing of personal data is not based on your consent,
however, you have the right to object to this processing at any
time.
Purpose of processing.
The purpose of processing
your personal data is to send you, as our customer, commercial
communications in accordance with generally binding legal
regulations.
Legal basis.
The legal basis for processing your
personal data is that this processing is necessary for the purposes of
our legitimate interests within the meaning of Art. 6(1)(f) of the
Regulation.
Our legitimate interests.
Our legitimate
interest is based on the fact that you are our customer (user) and that
we have provided you with a clear, distinct, free and simple opportunity
to opt-out of the use of your electronic contact details for sending
commercial communications when collecting your personal data.
When sending commercial communications, we act in accordance with
generally binding legal legislation.
The preamble to point 47 of the Regulation states, among other
things, that "processing of personal data for direct marketing purposes
may be regarded as processing carried out for legitimate
interest".
We have carried out an assessment of whether it is lawful to
process your personal data for the purpose of sending you commercial
communications and we have also carried out the necessary
proportionality test which assesses the interests in protecting your
rights and our interests. We have concluded that, in view of the
previous fulfilment of the prerequisites set out in the generally
binding legislation for sending commercial communications and also in
view of the fact that you can refuse further commercial communications
at any time, it does not appear to us that your interests or fundamental
rights and freedoms to protect the personal data you have voluntarily
provided outweigh our legitimate interests in sending commercial
communications.
In light of the above and the fact that you can reasonably expect
your personal data to be processed for the purpose of sending commercial
communications, we consider our legitimate interest to be the legal
basis for processing your personal data for the purpose of sending
commercial communications.
Retention period.
Your personal data will be
processed by us for a period of three (3) years from the end of your
contract, but no longer than until you object or make any other similar
request to the processing of personal data for the purpose of sending
commercial communications by us, including exercising your right to
erasure of personal data.
Other recipients.
Persons providing marketing
services for us in accordance with our instructions, persons operating
our website or Mobile Application (data processors) and other companies
in our group are other recipients of your personal data.
Your rights.
Subject to the terms of the
Regulation, you have the right to request that we provide you with
access to your personal data, the right to rectification or erasure of
your personal data, or the right to restrict the processing of your
personal data.
If you suspect that the processing of your personal data has
infringed or is infringing the Regulation, you have the right, inter
alia, to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular
with a supervisory authority in the EU Member State where you are
habitually resident, have your place of work or where the place of the
alleged infringement of the Regulation is located.
You have the right to object at any time to the processing of
your personal data for marketing purposes, including profiling, where
the profiling relates to such direct marketing. If you object to the
processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes, your
personal data will no longer be processed for such purposes.
PROCESSING RELATED TO DIRECT
MARKETING (WITH YOUR CONSENT)
Processing specifications.
With your consent, we
process your
contact details, including email, that you provided to us when
you created your account;
age information, if you have provided it to us;
the pseudonymized identifiers we have put in place to protect you
and, where you have chosen to register or log into the Mobile
Application through your existing account with a third party (e.g.
Facebook, Gmail, Apple), we also process the pseudonymized identifier
generated and provided by such authorized third party for logging
in;
data about your use of the Mobile Application (e.g. IP address
and Geo IP) and identification data about your device (e.g. UUID/UDID),
which is automatically collected by your use of the Mobile
Application;
for the purpose of sending commercial communications (marketing
offers) promoting us, our group or third parties or for the purpose of
carrying out other marketing activities towards you, including marketing
profiling and subsequent personalization of the advertising displayed.
This processing of personal data is based on your explicit consent,
which you have the right to withdraw at any time.
Purpose of processing.
The purpose of processing
your personal data is to send you commercial communications and to carry
out other marketing activities towards you, including marketing
profiling and subsequent personalization of the advertising
displayed.
Legal Basis.
The legal basis for the processing
of your personal data is your consent given to us in the sense of Art.
6(1)(a) of the Regulation.
Retention Period.
We will process (retain) your
personal data for a period of four (4) years from the receipt of your
consent to processing, and processing will cease if you withdraw your
consent to the processing of your personal data for this
purpose.
Other Recipients.
Persons who provide marketing
and advertising services for us, in particular the entities listed
here
, as
well as persons who operate our website or Mobile Application and other
companies in our group (data processors), and the most widely used
social networks such as Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn (as controller or
joint controllers as the case may be) are additional recipients of your
personal data.
Your rights.
Subject to the conditions set out
in the Regulation, you have the right to request that we provide you
with access to your personal data, the right to rectification or erasure
of your personal data or restriction of its processing, and the right to
the portability of your personal data.
You have the right to withdraw your consent to the processing of
your personal data that you have provided to us at any time. This does
not affect the lawfulness of the processing of your personal data prior
to such withdrawal of consent. You may withdraw your consent to the
processing of your personal data by clicking on the hyperlink provided
in any commercial communication we send you, by using the relevant
button in the Mobile Application or by sending an e-mail message to our
contact e-mail address (see Art. 1.2 of this Information).
If you suspect that the processing of your personal data has
infringed or is infringing the Regulation, you have the right, among
other things, to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in
particular with a supervisory authority in the EU Member State where you
are habitually resident, work or where the place of the alleged
infringement is located.
You are under no obligation to provide personal data. The
provision of your personal data is not a legal or contractual
requirement, nor is it a requirement that is necessary to enter into a
contract.
PROCESSING RELATED TO MOBILE
APPLICATION USAGE ANALYTICS
Processing specifications.
With your consent, we
further process your
contact details, including email, that you provided to us when
you created your account; and
age information if you have provided it to us;
the pseudonymized identifiers we have put in place to protect you
and, if you have chosen to register or log in to the Mobile Application
through your existing account with a third party (e.g. Facebook, Gmail,
Apple) we also process the pseudonymized identifier generated and
provided by such authorized third party for logging in;
analytical data related to your activity on Mobile Application
and pseudonymized identifiers associated with such data (e.g. USER ID,
User pseudo ID) from us and from third parties providing us with the
collection, analysis and evaluation of data related to your activity on
Mobile Application;
for the purpose of collecting, analyzing and evaluating the use of
the Mobile Application. This processing of personal data is based on
your explicit consent, which you have the right to withdraw at any
time.
Purpose of processing.
The purpose of the
processing of personal data is the collection, analysis and evaluation
of data, including profiling, about the use of the Mobile Application
for the purpose of subsequent optimization and improvement of the Mobile
Application.
Legal basis.
The legal basis for the processing
of your personal data is the consent you give us within the meaning of
Art. 6(1)(a) of the Regulation.
Retention Period.
We will process (store) your
personal data for this purpose for a maximum period of 50 months from
your last login to the Mobile Application, and processing will cease if
you withdraw your consent to the processing of your personal data for
this purpose.
Other beneficiaries.
The persons, who collect,
analyze and evaluate data about the use of the Mobile Application for
us, in particular the entities listed
here
, and
companies in our group are additional recipients of your personal
data.
Your rights.
Subject to the conditions set out
in the Regulation, you have the right to request that we provide you
with access to your personal data, the right to rectification or erasure
of your personal data or restriction of its processing, and the right to
the portability of your personal data.
You have the right to withdraw your consent to the processing of
your personal data that you have provided to us at any time. This does
not affect the lawfulness of the processing of your personal data prior
to such withdrawal of consent. You can withdraw your consent to the
processing of your personal data by using the relevant button on the
Mobile Application or by sending an e-mail message to our contact e-mail
address (see Art. 1.2 of this Information).
If you suspect that the processing of your personal data has
infringed or is infringing the Regulation, you have the right, among
other things, to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in
particular with a supervisory authority in the EU Member State where you
are habitually resident, work or where the place of the alleged
infringement is located.
You are not obliged to provide personal data. The provision of
your personal data is not a legal or contractual requirement, nor is
it a requirement that is necessary to enter into a contract.
SECURITY OF YOUR
INFORMATION
To protect your personal data, we use administrative, technical
and factual security measures in accordance with generally binding legal
legislation.
FURTHER
INFORMATION
Automated decision-making.
We do not carry out
automated individual decision-making within the meaning of Art. 22 of
the Regulation.
Third Party Activities.
We are not responsible
for the actions of third parties to whom you disclose personal or
sensitive information, and we have no authority to direct or control the
sending of third party offers. If you no longer wish to receive
correspondence, emails or other communications from third parties,
please contact such third party directly.
TRANSFER OF PERSONAL DATA OUTSIDE
THE EU
We do not intend to purposefully transfer your personal data to a
third country (non-EU country) or international organization, however
some of our partners, such as the other recipients of personal data
mentioned above, may be based in non-EU countries or store data on
servers outside the EU. In such cases, there may be a "transfer of your
data to third countries (to a country outside the EU)" within the
meaning of the Regulation, including to countries for which the European
Commission has not yet decided on adequate protection identical to EU
law. In such cases, we will ensure that your personal data is processed
and protected both in accordance with our standard privacy policy, but
also through the appropriate safeguards set out in Art. 46 of the
Regulation and available, for example,
here
.
AMENDMENTS AND
ADDITIONS
We will notify you of any changes to this Information.
We encourage you to check this Information regularly so that you
are aware of your rights.
In Prague on 09. 10. 2023
Livesport s.r.o.