Privacy Policy
Last revised on: May 27, 2021
GLAMSQUAD is committed to protecting your privacy. JMB GLAMSQUAD, LLC (“
GLAMSQUAD
”, “
we
”, “
us
” and “
our
”) have prepared this Privacy Policy to describe to you our practices regarding the Personal Data (as defined below) we collect from users of our website, located at www.glamsquad.com, (“
Site
”), mobile applications (the “
Applications
”) and Services (as defined in the Terms of Use). Capitalized terms not defined in this Privacy Policy have the meanings given in our Terms of Use located at www.glamsquad.com/terms/.
1.
User Consent.
By submitting Personal Data through our Services, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy and you expressly consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Data in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
2.
A
Note About Children.
We do not intentionally gather Personal Data from visitors who are under the age of 13.
3.
A Note to Users Outside of the United States. Your Personal Data may be processed in the country in which it was collected and in other countries, including the United States, where laws regarding processing of Personal Data may be less stringent than the laws in your country.
4.
Types of Data We Collect. “Personal Data”
means data that allows someone to identify or contact you, including, for example, your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, as well as any other non-public information about you that is associated with or linked to any of the foregoing data.
“Anonymous Data”
means data that is not associated with or linked to your Personal Data; Anonymous Data does not, by itself, permit the identification of individual persons. We collect Personal Data and Anonymous Data, as described below.
a. Information You Provide to Us.
i. We may collect Personal Data from you, such as your first and last name, e-mail and mailing address, phone and password when you create an account to log in to our network (“
Account
”).
ii. If you logon to the Services through a social networking site like Facebook or LinkedIn (an “
SNS
”), we will receive all of the information from the SNS that is associated with your SNS account.
iii. When you use Services to book a stylist to provide in-home beauty services, we and /or our payment processor will collect all information necessary to complete the transaction, including your name, credit card information, billing information and shipping information.
iv. We retain information on your behalf, such as files and messages that you store using your Account.
v. If you provide us feedback or contact us via e-mail, we will collect your name and e-mail address, as well as any other content included in the e-mail, in order to send you a reply.
vi. When you participate in one of our surveys, we may collect additional information that you knowingly provide.
vii. When you post messages on the Services or on an SNS where we have a page or presence (collectively “
SNS Pages
”), the information contained in your posting may be republished on our Site and other users may be able to see them.
viii. We also collect other types of Personal Data that you provide to us voluntarily, such as your operating system and version, product registration number, and other requested information if you contact us via e-mail regarding support for the Services.
ix. We may also collect Personal Data, such as at other points in the Services that state that Personal Data is being collected.
b. Information Collected via Technology.
i. To make our Services more useful to you, our servers (which may be hosted by a third party service provider) collect information from you, including your browser type, operating system, Internet Protocol (IP) address (a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the Internet, which may vary from session to session), domain name, and/or a date/time stamp for your visit.
ii. We also use cookies and URL information to gather information regarding the date and time of your visit and the information for which you searched and which you viewed.
“Cookies”
are small pieces of information that a website sends to your computer’s hard drive while you are viewing a web site. We may use both session Cookies (which expire once you close your web browser) and persistent Cookies (which stay on your computer until you delete them) to provide you with a more personal and interactive experience on our Site. Persistent Cookies can be removed by following Internet browser help file directions.
iii. We may use third party analytics services such as Google Analytics or Google Adsense to collect information about how you use and interact with our Services. Such third party analytics services may use cookies to gather information such as the pages you visited, your IP address, a date/time stamp for your visit and which site referred you to the Site.
iv. If you are using one of our Applications, we may ask that you provide us your precise geolocation information, but we will collect the information only if you provide your consent. If you do not provide consent to collect such information, we may not be able to provide you with our Services. For example, service providers that do not provide such consent may be limited in their ability to schedule appointments through the Services.
5.
Use of Your Personal Data
a. General Use.
In general, Personal Data you submit to us is used either to respond to requests that you make, or to aid us in serving you better. We use your Personal Data in the following ways:
i. To facilitate the creation of and secure your Account on our network;
ii. Identify you as a user in our system;
iii. Provide improved administration of our Services;
iv. Facilitate the in-home beauty services you request;
v. Improve the quality of experience when you interact with our Services;
vi. Send you a welcome e-mail to verify ownership of the e-mail address provided when your Account was created;
vii.
Send you administrative e-mail notifications, such as security or support and maintenance advisories;
viii.
Respond to your inquiries related to employment opportunities or other requests, and
ix. To send newsletters, surveys, offers, and other promotional materials related to our Services and for other marketing purposes including those of third parties.
b. Creation of Anonymous Data.
We may create Anonymous Data records from Personal Data by excluding information (such as your name) that make the data personally identifiable to you. We use this Anonymous Data to analyze request and usage patterns so that we may enhance the content of our Services and improve Site navigation. We reserve the right to use Anonymous Data for any purpose and disclose Anonymous Data to third parties in our sole discretion.
c. Other Purposes with Consent.
In some cases we will ask for your consent to collect, use or share your personal information for other purposes.
6.
Disclosure of Your Personal Data.
We disclose your Personal Data as described below and as described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy.
a. Third Party Service Providers.
We may share your Personal Data with third party service providers, including, but not limited to, stylists, to: help schedule in-home beauty services, conduct online chat, provide you with the Services; to facilitate creation of accounts; to provide technical support; and/or to provide other services.
b. Affiliates and Acquisitions
. We may share some or all of your Personal Data with our parent company, subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under a common control (“
Affiliates
”), in which case we will require our Affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy. If another company acquires our company, business, or our assets, that company will possess the Personal Data collected by us and will assume the rights and obligations regarding your Personal Data as described in this Privacy Policy.
c. Compliance and Protection
. Regardless of any choices you make regarding your Personal Data (as described below), we may disclose Personal Data if we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary (i) in connection with any legal investigation; (ii) to comply with relevant laws or to respond to subpoenas or warrants served on us; (iii) to protect or defend our rights or property or that of other users of the Services; and/or (iv) to investigate or assist in preventing any violation or potential violation of the law, this Privacy Policy, or Terms of Use.
7.
Third Party Websites.
When you click on a link to any other website or location, you will leave our Site and go to another site and another entity may collect Personal Data or Anonymous Data from you. We have no control over, do not review, and cannot be responsible for, these outside websites or their content. Please be aware that the terms of this Privacy Policy do not apply to these outside websites or content, or to any collection of data after you click on links to such outside websites.
8.
Our Relationship with Third Party Services.
We may offer you interfaces that allow you to connect with third party services and social networking services such as Facebook, Instagram and Pinterest (as noted above, collectively, “
SNS
”) through our Services. We will work with the SNS’s application protocol interface (better known as their developer API) in a way that allows you to authorize us to access your account on that SNS on your behalf. In order to provide this authorization, you will not provide us with your user name or password to the SNS, but you will need to log-in to that SNS directly through our Site. Once authorized by you, the SNS will provide us a token that allows the SNS to recognize us when we ask, on your behalf, for access to your account information or to post information. You will be able to revoke our access to any SNS site at any time by amending the appropriate settings from within your account settings on the applicable SNS, though such revocation may limit the Services we are able to provide you.
9.
Your Choices Regarding Your Personal Data
a. Choices.
We offer you choices regarding the collection, use, and sharing of your Personal Data.
i. We will periodically send you free newsletters and e-mails that directly promote the use of our Services. When you receive newsletters or promotional communications from us, you may indicate a preference to stop receiving further communications from us and you will have the opportunity to “opt-out” by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the e-mail you receive or by contacting us directly (please see contact information below).
ii. Despite your indicated e-mail preferences, we may send you service related communication, including notices of any updates to our Terms of Use or Privacy Policy.
b. Changes to Personal Data.
You may change any of your Personal Data in your Account by sending an e-mail to us at the e-mail address set forth below. You may request deletion of your Personal Data by us, but please note that we will keep all transactions as business records and may be required to keep other information and not delete it (or to keep other information for a certain time, in which case we will comply with your deletion request only after we have fulfilled such requirements). When we delete any information, it will be deleted from the active database, but may remain in our archives. We may retain your information for fraud prevention or similar purposes.
10.
Security of Your Personal Data.
We are committed to protecting the security of your Personal Data. We use a variety of industry-standard security technologies and procedures to help protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. We also require you to enter a password to access your Account information. Please do not disclose your Account password to unauthorized people. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, while we use reasonable efforts to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
11.
Contact Information.
Company welcomes your comments or questions regarding this Privacy Policy. Please e-mail us at info@glamsquad.com or contact us at the following address or phone number:
JMB Glamsquad LLC
169 Madison Avenue
#2087
New York, NY 10016
844-695-4526
info@glamsquad.com
12.
Changes to This Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy is subject to occasional revision, and if we make any material changes in the way we use your Personal Data, we will notify you by sending you an e-mail to the last e-mail address you provided to us and/or by prominently posting notice of the changes on our Site. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will be effective upon the earlier of thirty (30) calendar days following our dispatch of an e-mail notice to you or thirty (30) calendar days following our posting of notice of the changes on our Site. These changes will be effective immediately for new users of our Service. Please note that at all times you are responsible for updating your Personal Data to provide us with your most current e-mail address. In the event that the last e-mail address that you have provided us is not valid, or for any reason is not capable of delivering to you the notice described above, our dispatch of the e-mail containing such notice will nonetheless constitute effective notice of the changes described in the notice. In any event, changes to this Privacy Policy may affect our use of Personal Data that you provided us prior to our notification to you of the changes. If you do not wish to permit changes in our use of your Personal Data, you must notify us prior to the effective date of the changes that you wish to deactivate your Account with us. Continued use of our Services, following notice of such changes shall indicate your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of such changes.