PRIVACY POLICY
Qneo, based in Rotterdam, the Netherlands, is responsible for the processing of personal data as shown in this privacy policy statement. For questions contact us at contact@qneo.net.
Personal data that we process
The only personal data we process are the data that people provide us on their own initiative via an email to us or a message on our social media (facebook, soundcloud, etc). All Qneo websites and products (apps) do not collect any form of personal data. We also do not use cookies or social media plugins. Delivery and payment of products always take place via an agent (e.g. Apple) where no personal data is provided to us.
For what purpose and on what basis we process personal data
Qneo processes your personal data for the following purposes:
- To be able to answer your questions
- Inform you about changes to our products
Automated processing and decision-making
Qneo does not apply any automated processing or decision-making on your data.
How long we store personal data
Qneo keeps your personal data for an unlimited period. We delete your data on your request, to comply with a legal obligation, or simply to clean up our database.
Sharing personal data with third parties
Qneo will only provide data to third parties if this is necessary for the execution of our agreement with you or to comply with a legal obligation.
Cookies, or similar techniques, that we use
Qneo does not use cookies or similar techniques.
View, modify or delete data
You have the right to view, correct or delete your personal data. You can easily do that yourself on social media (facebook, soundcloud, etc). For data that you have sent us by email, send your request to us using the email address you used when sending that data. We respond as quickly as possible, but within four weeks after your request.
How we protect personal data
Qneo takes the protection of your data seriously and takes appropriate measures to prevent misuse, loss, unauthorized access, unwanted disclosure and unauthorized modification.
Contact
If you have the impression that your data is not secure or that there are indications of abuse, please contact us at contact@qneo.net. You also have the opportunity to file a complaint with the national supervisory authority, the Dutch Data Protection Authority. This can be done via the following link: https://autoriteitpersoonsgegevens.nl/nl/contact-met-de-autoriteit-persoonsgegevens/tip-ons.