Data protection safeguards your privacy and is of paramount importance to us at OP Financial Group. We want you to be aware of what data protection is, what constitutes personal data, how we use your personal data and how you will benefit from trusting us with your data.
See the Privacy Notices of personal data files and our contact details
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.op.fi/en/dataprotection/privacy-notices-and-contact-details:
‍
Go to content
‍
Login
Log in with OP user identifiers
Log in
OR
Other means of authentication
main
Home page
Data protection
Privacy notices and contact details
One of our most important obligations is to notify you of processing your personal data in an open and intelligible manner. When you are aware of how your data is being processed, you are able to assess the appropriateness of such processing and exercise your rights concerning the processing of your data.
A privacy notice is a document describing the data contents, legal ground for data processing and purpose of an individual personal data file. This page contains the privacy notices of OP Financial Group’s principal personal data files, grouped into four categories.
We retain the right to change and update the privacy notices as required.
Banking
Privacy Notice of OP Retail Customers plc's customer data file for payment services
Privacy Notice of OP Financial Group’s owner-customer data file
Template for Privacy Notice of OP Financial Group cooperative bank’s customer data file
Template for Privacy Notice of OP Financial Group cooperative bank’s campaign data file
Privacy Notice of OP Corporate Bank plc's customer data file
Privacy Notice of OP Retail Customers Plc's customer data file
OP Custody Ltd customer data file
Insurance
Privacy Notice of OP Life Assurance Company Ltd’s customer data file
Privacy Notice of customer data files of Pohjola Insurance Ltd
Description of public access to documents
Käyttöönottopäätökset
Wealth Management
Privacy Notice of OP Asset Management Ltd’s customer data file
Privacy Notice of OP Fund Management Company Ltd’s unit data file
Privacy Notice of investor data file for real estate funds
Privacy notices of other personal data files
Privacy Notice for OP Financial Group’s campaigns, newsletters and social media
Privacy Notice for OP Financial Group’s stakeholder communication
Privacy Notice of OP Retail Customers Plc's digital services customer data file
Privacy Notice of OP Financial Group's Recruitment data file
Privacy Notice for OP Identity Service Broker's customer data file
Privacy Notice of Personal data file for video surveillance
Privacy Notice of customer data file for rental management
Data file of owner-customers, candidates and supporters eligible for the election of OP’s Representative Assembly
Privacy Notice for OP Art Foundation (in Finnish)
Privacy Notice for the OP Smart Contracts service
Privacy Notice for OP Research Foundation
Whistle Blowing register
Contact us
Where can you view your personal data and get additional information?
You can view the key information related to your customer relationship with OP Financial Group at My profile at op.fi.
Log into My profile (in Finnish)
In addition to the financial business (banks, non-life insurance and wealth management), OP Financial Group has many other businesses and controllers. Please contact them directly if you have any questions of your personal data they process:
OP Koti
OP Metsä
Additional information on personal data processing can also be found at OP cooperative bank branches, our telephone service for Banking at +358 100 0500 or telephone service for Insurance and Claims at +358 10 253 1333. We will also be happy to answer questions concerning the processing of personal data and data protection at
dataprotection@op.fi
.
Contacts in data protection issues
OP Financial Group / Data protection
Gebhardinaukio 1, 00510, Helsinki
P.O. Box 308, 00013 OP
dataprotection@op.fi
OP Financial Group's Data Protection Officer Hannu Järvinen
Gebhardinaukio 1, 00510, Helsinki
P.O. Box 308, 00013 OP
dataprotection@op.fi
The Data Protection Ombudsman supervises compliance with regulations governing personal data.
Office of the Data Protection Ombudsman
tel. +358
29 566 6777
tietosuoja@om.fi
Hidden