OCTOPUS RETAIL MANAGEMENT PTE LTD PRIVACY STATEMENT
Octopus Retail Management  Pte Ltd is committed to safeguarding the privacy and security of the information we collect. We have implemented multiple security measures to ensure the protection of your information including secure servers and networks that are accessible to a limited number of employees and industry standard encryption technologies when transferring or receiving sensitive information.
Collection of Information
When visiting Web sites, you provide information to the site owners based on where you go and what you do at each site. Octopus Retail Management  Pte Ltd collects and retains this information for business purposes only. It is used to improve the quality and functionality of our site as well as to respond to requests for more information on all of the products and services we offer. This information is collected through Web server logs and cookies that allow us to track the aggregated statistics and data from our visitors as they utilize our Web site.
Personal Information
We do not collect personal information from you unless you provide it to us in conjunction with an application for a merchant account or any other service we offer. The information collected is used for the underwriting, approval and set up required for the service you request. We do not license, sell, rent or trade any collected business information about your account or other personal information unless you request it, the information is provided to help complete a transaction initiated by you, or the disclosure is otherwise lawfully permitted or requested.
We may provide your personal information to companies that provide services to help us with our business activities such as shipping your order or offering customer service. These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us.
We may also disclose your personal information as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others investigate fraud, or respond to a government request. If Octopus Retail Management  Pte Ltd is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information to any other third party with your prior consent to do so.
Correcting & Updating Your Personal Information
To review and update your personal information to ensure it is accurate, you may contact your sales representative directly, or you may update it via your personal account login from our website www.octopuspos.com
Loading...