HONG KONG AIRLINES PRIVACY POLICY
Hong Kong Airlines Limited ("HKA", "we", "us", "our") respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal data. This Privacy Policy informs you as to how we look after your personal data (regardless of how and where we collect the data), what your data privacy rights are, how you can control your data, and how the laws protect you.
We review and update our Privacy Policy on a regular basis, and this policy from time to time may be modified without further notice. This Privacy Policy was last reviewed and/or updated on
28
November 2024
, , and all changes become effective immediately after posting. If you would like to request a copy of the historical HKA Privacy Policy, please contact us.
1.Important information and who we are
HKA is committed to complying with the requirements set out in applicable data privacy laws and regulations.  We process personal data in accordance with the provisions of Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance of Hong Kong and other applicable data protection legislations. This Privacy Policy sets out the basis and aims to give you detailed information on how HKA collects and processes your personal data. To facilitate your understanding of this Privacy Policy and the meaning of the terms used, you may refer to Section 12. Glossary in this Policy.
It is also important that you read this Privacy Policy together with any other privacy notices we may provide on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing personal data about you so that you are fully aware of how and why we use your data. This Privacy Policy supplements the other privacy notices and is not intended to override them.
In the event of any inconsistency between the English version and the Chinese version of this Privacy Policy, the English version shall prevail.
HKA as the Data Controller/User
When HKA takes control of your personal data, we shall be the Data Controller/User as defined in applicable data privacy laws and be responsible for your data.
Contact HKA through our Data Privacy Manager
HKA has its headquarters in Hong Kong, and we have appointed a Data Privacy Manager who is responsible for overseeing this Privacy Policy and other matters/enquiries in relation to personal data privacy in HKA. Contact details are as below:
Full name of legal entity:
Hong Kong Airlines Limited
Delegated department unit:
Legal and Audit Department
Email address:
dataprivacy@hkairlines.com
Postal address:
Data Privacy Manager
Legal and Audit Department
Hong Kong Airlines Limited
8
th
Floor, HKA Training Academy,
28 Kwo Lo Wan Road,
Hong Kong International Airport, Lantau,
Hong Kong Special Administrative Region
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, wish to make a request to exercise your legal rights in respect of your personal data, or cannot find what you are looking for regarding data privacy from this Privacy Policy, please email us at
dataprivacy@hkairlines.com
to get more information, make a request, raise your concern or provide feedback. We encourage you to provide us with as much information as possible in the email (including background information and additional contact information, if applicable), so we can attend to your case effectively and in a timely manner.  If you are not satisfied with our response, you may also contact the authority responsible for administering the privacy laws in your country/area.
If you have made a flight booking with us but the flight(s) in your booking is to be operated by other airline(s), such other airline(s) is also a
“
Data Controller/ User
”
.  If you have made a booking for non-flight services through us, such as hotel or car rental bookings, the provider of such services is also a
“
Data Controller/ User
”
.  You may access the privacy policies of the other airlines and non-flight service providers from them directly.
2.Applicability of this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy applies when you interact with us through HKA website or mobile app and provide us personal data, for example, to:
purchase flights, holidays or any other products or services from us
sign up to any HKA newsletter or publication
take part in any HKA promotion or competition
to make an enquiry or a complaint
This Privacy Policy may also apply when you provide personal data directly to HKA and receive products/ services from one of our group companies or business affiliates or partners, includes but not limited to TravelSky Technology Limited and its subsidiaries, SATS HK Limited (
“
SATSHK
”
), HKA Holidays Limited (
“
HKAH
”
) and Fortune Wings Club (
“
FWC
”
).
In addition to the above stated, this Privacy Policy may apply when HKA collects and processes your personal data through some of our trusted third parties or from other different channels. Please refer to the specific terms and conditions under each particular point of data collection. HKA is always committed to being transparent with you about how we handle your personal data when you interact with us.
For more details on the internal/external third parties of HKA, you may refer to Section 12. Glossary in this Policy.
3.The personal data we collect about you
Personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. It does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data).
We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you, which we have grouped together as follows:
Identity Data
, include first name, maiden name, last name, nationality and passport details, username or similar identifier, marital status, title, date of birth, gender and other identification details (which may include your image).
Contact Data
include billing address, delivery address, email address and telephone numbers (including emergency contact details).
Financial Data
, include bank account and payment card details.
Transaction Data
, include details about payments to and from you and other details of products and services you have purchased from us.
Technical Data
, include internet protocol (IP) address (IP address), your login data, browser types and versions, time zone settings and locations, browser plug-in types and versions, operating systems and platforms and other technologies on the devices you use to access HKA website or mobile app.
Profile Data
,
include your username and password, purchases or orders made by you, your interests, preferences, feedback and survey responses.
Usage Data
, include information about how you use our website, mobile app, products and services. These also include records of your interactions with us through the call centre and social media.
Marketing and Communications Data
include your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties and your communication preferences.
When you use the Hong Kong Airlines mobile app, we need to obtain some authorisations from you in order to provide you with better services. We will first seek your consent.  You can also turn off the relevant permission authorisations through the settings of the mobile phone operating system.
Mobile App Permissions
Descriptions
Phone Permission
It is used for us to contact passengers in order to communicate with passengers and provide services, such as: handling ticket reservations, mobile boarding services, etc.; or notifications that are issued by our Customer Service Centre to passengers, etc.
SMS Permission
It is used for us to contact passengers in order to communicate with passengers and provide services, such as: issuing Fortune Wings Club membership authentication code, Fortune Wings Club membership password authentication code, electronic voucher use authentication code, etc.
Location Permission
It is used to quickly locate the city where the passenger is located in order to confirm the departure point for flight reservation.
Camera/ Photo Permission
It is used for scanning codes, identifying boarding passes, etc.
Storage Permission
It is used for picture storages, saving QR code to phone album and other related features.
Remark:
If you refuse to give authorisation for the relevant permission, you will not be able to use the concerned service function, but it will not affect your normal use of other functions.
In addition, we will also collect the device information about your mobile app in order to provide the relevant service functions, including app information (app crash information and app installation list), device parameters and system messages (International Mobile Equipment Identity (IMEI)), equipment type, device model, operating system version and the hardware-related information, the equipment network environment information (Internet Protocol (IP) Address), wireless network information, base station information, and other network-related information.
We also use the following Software Development Kit (SDK):
Name of the SDK
Purpose of Usage
The Collected Personal Information
Related Privacy Policy Link
Alipay
Alipay payment
-      Apple Computer, the MAC address
-      Basic Service Set Identifiers (BSSID)
-      Service Set Identifier
-      Subscriber Identification (SIM) Card serial number
-      Hardware serial number/ Build serial
-      Device screen density and International Mobile Equipment Identity (IMEI)
-      International Mobile Subscriber Identity (IMSI)
Alipay Global Privacy Policy
WeChat
WeChat
payment
-      Mobile Equipment Identity (MEI)
-      Apple Computer, the MAC address
-      Android identification code and sequence number
-      Wireless Local Area Network (WLAN) access point
WeChat Privacy Policy
Weibo
Weibo
(“Share”)
Device identification code, e.g. Android’s:
-       International Mobile Equipment Identity (IMEI)
-       Identifier
-       Mobile Equipment Identifier (MEID)
-       International Mobile Subscriber Identity (IMSI)
-       Sequence number
-       Integrated Circuit Card Identifier (ICCID)
-       Apple Computer, the MAC address
-       Wireless Local Area Network (WLAN) access point
Weibo Privacy Policy (Chinese only)
AutoNavi
Positioning navigation
To identify the location
AutoNavi Privacy Policy (Chinese only)
Alibaba Cloud
Risk control
Sensor
Alibaba Cloud International Website Privacy Policy
“Push”
“Push technology”
To capture the Secure Digital (SD) Card data and device ID, e.g.:
-      Apple Computer, the MAC address
-      International Mobile Equipment Identity (IMEI)
Hong Kong Airlines Privacy Policy
We also collect, use and share
Aggregated Data
for different purposes, such as statistics or customer demographics. Aggregated Data may be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data in law as this data
does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity
. For example, we may aggregate your Usage Data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific website or mobile app feature. However, if we combine or connect Aggregated Data with your personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Collecting and processing personal data of minors
Please note, neither our website nor mobile app is intended for use by children aged below 16.
We do not knowingly collect and process personal data of children aged below 16 without parental or guardian consent, unless permitted by applicable law. If we become aware that personal data of children aged below 16 has been collected without parental or guardian consent, we will delete the relevant data and/or unsubscribe the relevant marketing subscription accordingly. In normal situation, we may not be able to automatically distinguish the age of persons who access and use HKA
’
s website or mobile app. If the parent or guardian becomes aware that personal data of children aged below 16 has been collected by HKA without parental or guardian consent, please contact us (refer to Section 1 of this policy).
For the purpose of (i) managing travel arrangements of people travelling with children aged below 16 or (ii) taking care of Unaccompanied Children and Minors on our flights or (iii) other legitimate reasons, HKA may collect personal data of the children aged below 16. Before personal data of children aged below 16 is to be processed, unless otherwise specified, HKA requires consent of the parent or guardian who is aged 18 or above and holds parental responsibility over the children.
At the time you provide any personal data of children aged below 16 to HKA for processing, you confirm that you are aged 18 or above, give your consent to HKA and authorise processing of the children
’
s personal data as the parent or guardian.
Collecting and processing Special Categories of Personal Data
Unless otherwise required to do so in order to comply with specific laws/regulatory authorities
’
requirements (e.g. advance passenger information, passenger name records, new technology of using facial recognition for airport check-in services, etc.) or necessary to provide certain services to you (e.g. special assistances, delivering your chosen meal preferences, etc.) at airports or on board our aircrafts, we shall not collect or process any
Special Categories of Personal Data
about you (these include but not limited to the details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical belief, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinion, trade union membership and information about your health and genetic and biometric data).
Where Special Categories of Personal Data are required from you in order to provide certain services, we will obtain your consent before collecting and processing the Special Categories of Personal Data.
Collecting and processing data on Criminal Convictions and Offences and Passengers
’
Behaviours
We may receive
Criminal Convictions and Offences Data
from law enforcements and other governmental authorities, and record data on
Passengers
’
Behaviours
and/or interactions with staff before, during and after a flight. The purpose of such data collection is to protect the safety of our passengers, staff and equipment. Processing of such data is carried out in accordance with applicable legal and regulatory requirements.
Help us to keep your personal data update and accurate
It is important that the personal data we hold about you are accurate and current. Please keep us informed of any changes to your personal data.
If you fail to provide personal data required
Where we need to collect your personal data by law or under the terms of a contract we have with you and you fail to provide that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into it with you (e.g. to provide you with goods or services). In such a case, we may have to cancel the contract you have with us (e.g. order of products or services) and at the same time we shall notify you about the arrangement.
4.How is your personal data collected
We collect data from and about you through different methods, include but not limited to:
-
Direct interactions
You may give us your Identity Data, Contact Data, Financial Data and/or other personal information by filling in forms or by corresponding with us by posts, phones, emails or otherwise. These include the personal data you provided to us or our service providers when you:
apply for our products or services;
purchase our products or services;
create an account on our website or mobile app;
subscribe to our services or publications;
request marketing materials to be sent to you;
request special services or assistance;
enter in a competition, promotion or survey; or
give us feedback or file a complaint.
In addition, from your direct interaction with our staff before, during and after a flight, we may record information about your behaviours and/or interactions with us.
-
Automated technologies or interactions
As you interact with our website or mobile app, we may automatically collect Technical Data about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns. We collect such personal data by using cookies, server logs and/or other similar technologies. We may also receive Technical Data about you if you visit other websites employing our cookies. Please see our
Cookies Policy
for further details.
-
Third parties or publicly available sources
We may also receive personal data about you from various third parties and public sources, include but not limited to those as set out below:
Technical Data from the following parties:-
Analytics service providers, such as Google Analytics and Facebook Analytics;
Advertising networks; and
Search information providers
Profile Data from social networks
Contact Data, Financial Data and Transaction Data from the providers of technical, payment and delivery services.
Identity Data and Contact Data from data brokers or aggregators.
Identity Data and Contact Data from publicly available sources (e.g. publicly available databases).
Criminal Convictions and Offences Data from law enforcement and other governmental authorities.
Please note, the third parties or publicly available sources may be based anywhere in the world.  Please see Section 9 below for the measures we put in place regarding international transfers of your personal data.
Further privacy notice at the point of data collection
At the time we collect any personal data from you, we do our best to make further notice to you highlighting the certain uses of your personal data, how the data are kept, and how you may exercise your rights regarding the data.
If you provide us with information about other individuals, please inform those individuals about the Privacy Notice and this Privacy Policy.
5.How we use your personal data
We will only use your personal data when the applicable laws allow us to do so. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:
Where we need to perform the contract we are about to enter into it or have entered into it with you;
Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those legitimate interests;
Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.
Purposes for which we will use your personal data
We have set out below, in a table format, descriptions of all the ways we plan to use your personal data and the type(s) of lawful basis that we rely on to process the data. We have also identified what our legitimate interests are where appropriate. Generally, we obtain consent from you before we process your personal data, but we do not rely on consent as the legal basis for processing personal data.
Note that we may process your personal data on one or more lawful basis depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your data. Please contact us if you need more details about the specific legal basis we are relying on to process your personal data.
Purpose/Activity
Type of data
Lawful basis for data processing
(including basis of legitimate interest)
To register you as a new customer
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
Performance of a contract with you
To process and perform your flight booking including:
(a)   Manage payments, fares, fees and charges
(b)  Notify you of relevant flight information such as pre-flight check-in and changes to your flight
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Financial
(d) Transaction
Performance of a contract with you
To register you as a new member of Fortune Wings Club through our website/mobile app
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
Performance of a contract with you
To keep your records accurate and updated
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(a)    Performance of a contract with you
(b)    Your consent
(c)    Necessary for our legitimate interests (to keep our records updated, given that we have obtained your consent)
To ask you to provide feedback about your experience with us and our partners
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Usage
(a)    Your consent
(b)    Necessary for our legitimate interests (to interact with response provided by you and to study how you use our products/services, given that we have obtained your consent)
To enable you to participate in a prize draw, competition or to complete a survey
(a)  Identity
(b)  Contact
(c)  Profile
(d)  Usage
(e)  Marketing and Communications
(a)    Your consent
(b)    Necessary for our legitimate interests (to interact with response provided by you and to study how you use our products/services, given that we have obtained your consent)
To administer and protect our business, website and mobile app (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data, and fraud prevention)
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Technical
(a)    Necessary for our legitimate interests (to run our business, to provide administration and IT services, network security, to prevent fraud and in the context of a business reorganisation or group restructuring exercise)
(b)    Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
To deliver relevant website/mobile app content and advertisements to you, and to measure or understand the effectiveness of the advertising we serve to you
(a)     Identity
(b)     Contact
(c)     Profile
(d)     Usage
(e)     Marketing and Communications
(f)      Technical
Your consent (for us to study how you use our products/services and to develop our business and marketing strategy)
*Please note that you have the right to control advertising preference at any time. Should you wish your personal data not to be used in this regard under the Google and Facebook tools we may utilise, below are the opt-out options offered by Google and Facebook respectively:
Double click for Publishers (Google Inc.):
https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated
Facebook Audience Network (Facebook, Inc):
https://www.facebook.com/ads/preferences/?entry_product=ad_settings_screen
To use data analytics to improve our website/mobile app, products/services, marketing, customer relationships and experiences
(a) Technical
(b) Usage
Your consent (for us to define types of customers for our products and services, to keep our website/mobile app updated and relevant, and to develop our business and marketing strategy)
*Please note that you have the right to control advertising preference at any time. Should you wish your personal data not to be used in this regard under the Google and Facebook tools we may utilise, below are the opt-out options offered by Google and Facebook respectively:
Double click for Publishers (Google Inc.):
https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated
Facebook Audience Network (Facebook, Inc):
https://www.facebook.com/ads/preferences/?entry_product=ad_settings_screen
To make suggestions and recommendations to you about goods or services that may be of interest to you
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Technical
(d) Usage
(e) Profile
Your consent (for us to make direct marketing to you)
To protect the safety of our passengers, staff, aircrafts and equipment
(a)    Identity
(b)    Criminal Convictions and Offences
(c)    Passengers’ Behaviours
(a)     Necessary to protect our legitimate interests (to protect the safety of our passengers, staff, aircrafts and equipment)
(b)     Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
(c)     Necessary to protect vital interests (to protect the lives of our passengers and staff)
Change of purpose on personal data processing
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected them, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use them for another reason that is compatible with the original purpose. If you wish to get an explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purposes, please contact us.
If we need to use your personal data for a new and unrelated purpose, we will notify you, explain on the lawful basis which allows us to do so, and obtain consent from you where appropriate. However, please note that we may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent where this is required or permitted by law.
Use of your personal data for marketing
HKA strives to provide you with choices regarding certain personal data uses, particularly around marketing and advertising.
-
Promotional offers from us
We strive to offer you the best products and services, and we do our best to find the most relevant products, services and offers for you when we make our marketing and promotions. We may use your Identity, Contact, Technical, Usage and Profile Data to form a view on what you may want or need, or what may be of interest to you.
We may use your personal data in marketing of our promotions (e.g. for direct marketing). We shall obtain your opt-in consent at the time of personal data collection before using your personal data for any marketing communications, as appropriate and required by applicable laws.
You may receive marketing communications from us via specific channels after you provide us with your details for requesting information from us, for purchasing goods or services, for entering a competition, for registering a promotion or for other activities with us, while in our records, we have obtained your opt-in consent for using your personal data in marketing.
-
Third-party marketing
We may also have a chance to share your personal data with our third parties for marketing purposes. In this case, we will get your opt-in consent before any sharing or disclosure of your personal data with third parties.
-
Opt-out of marketing communications
In relation to any marketing communications delivered to you (e.g. via email or text message or other applicable channels), you have the right to refuse marketing at any time (e.g. by opt-out or withdrawal of consent). There are various ways available for you to request us or the third parties to stop delivering you marketing communications, including:
in case you are already our registered member, you may log into your account and adjust your marketing preferences at any time;
click and follow the
“
opt-out link
”
available in any marketing communications delivered to you; or
contact us or the third party directly.
Please note that, where you may have opted out of receiving the marketing communications, this will not apply or affect the non-marketing communications that we send to you in respect of your purchase of our products and services, e.g. live information about your flight with us, disruption alerts or other operational updates as may be necessary from time to time.
Regarding sale of personal data/information
Hong Kong Airlines does not, nor do we plan to, sell any of the personal data/information we have collected about you in the course of our normal operations. Should there is change in our practice, we shall update this Privacy Policy and ensure you are aware of the change.
6.Retention period of personal data
HKA has a policy which sets the data retention period for each personal data collection. We will retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the personal data collection purposes, which the data collection purposes include satisfying any legal, regulatory, accounting, or reporting requirements. Normally, the retention period will not exceed 7 years after the purposes of the data collection are fulfilled unless it is retained for fulfilling legal obligations or with legitimate reasons.
In order to determine the appropriate retention period of specific personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of the personal data, the purposes for which we process the personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal and regulatory requirements. To request more details on HKA
’
s personal data retention policy or the retention period of your personal data, you may contact us.
In some circumstances we may anonymise your personal data (so that the data can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes; in which case, we will use the anonymised data indefinitely without further notice to you.
When your personal data is no longer needed, we will destroy the data securely.
7.Security of your personal data
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from accidentally lost or unauthorised use, access, alteration or disclosure. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and/or other third parties who have the business need to know and are subject to duty of confidentiality.
We also have put procedures in place to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and applicable regulator(s) of confirmed data breach where we are legally required to do so.
8.Disclosure of your personal data
For the purposes set out in the table in Section 5 of this policy, we may have to share your personal data with the parties as set out below:
Internal Third Parties, as set out in Section 12. Glossary.
External Third Parties, as set out in Section 12. Glossary.
Third parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business or our assets. Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. If a change happens to our business, then the new owner(s) shall use your personal data in the same way as set out in this Privacy Policy.
In addition to the purposes of data usage as set out in Section 5 of this policy, we may also disclose your personal data/information to third parties for our legitimate business purposes, including but not limited to auditing, safety & security, technical debugging, short-term uses, service performance, internal research, and product/service testing or improvement. The relevant personal data/information that may have been disclosed are as follow:
Identity Data
Contact Data
Transaction Data
Technical Data
Profile Data
Usage Data
(You may refer to Section 3 of this Policy for definitions of relevant data categories)
In accordance with applicable laws, we require all relevant third parties to respect and maintain the privacy and security of your personal data.
Third-party links
This website or mobile app may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites, plug-ins and applications and are not responsible for their privacy policy/statements. When you leave our website or mobile app, we encourage you to read the respective privacy policy of websites or applications you visit.
9.International transmissions of your personal data
We may share your personal data with the HKA group of companies, business affiliates and partners for legitimate purposes, and this may involve transmitting your data to/between countries/areas.
Please note that your personal data may be transferred outside the country/area where you are located, including to countries/areas with a lower level of data privacy and protection.
If you are based outside of Hong Kong
Many of our External Third Parties are based outside of Hong Kong. At the time you provide personal data through this website or mobile app, a transmission of your personal data outside of Hong Kong may take place to process your data.
Whenever we need to transfer your personal data out of Hong Kong, we ensure a similar degree of data protection is afforded to ensure your personal data is only transferred to countries/areas that have been deemed to provide level of protection for personal data by the applicable local government authorities.
10.Your legal rights
Under certain circumstances and in accordance with applicable data protection laws, you have the following right(s) in relation to your personal data:
Request access to your personal data
Request correction of your personal data
Request erasure of your personal data
Object to processing of your personal data
Request restriction of processing your personal data
Request transfer of your personal data
Right to withdraw consent
You may delete your registered HKA Mobile Website Account at any time.  Please refer to the
“
Deletion of Registered HKA Mobile Website Account
”
for the details.
If you like to delete your Registered HKA Mobile Website Account:
Step 1: Login with your registered HKA Mobile Website Account.
Step 2: Go to the avatar position (in the upper left corner) of [Mine].  After the page is reset, click the [Delete Account] at the bottom of the page.
Step 3: Follow the instructions to view the account information, confirm the account cancellation instructions, and complete the cancellation process.  After cancellation, the successful cancellation will be displayed.
If you want to terminate your Fortune Wings Club (
“
FWC
”
) account, please contact HKA
Customer Service Centre
.  Please note that once your FWC account is cancelled, you may not be able to log in your account by any of the FWC members
’
website or mobile app, including Hong Kong Airlines, Hainan Airlines, Grand China Air, Tianjing Airlines, Lucky Air, Capital Airlines, Fuzhou Airlines, Suparna Airlines, Gulf Airlines, Urumqi Airlines, Air Changan, Air Guilin and West Air.
If you wish to exercise any of the right(s) set out above, please contact us.
Data Access Request
We have set out procedures to respond to your request when you exercise your right to access and correct your personal data.
What we need from you
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and warrant your rights to your personal data. This is a security measure to ensure that your personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you and ask for further information in relation to your request in order to speed up our response.
Time limit to respond
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you of this as soon as possible and keep you updated on the progress.
A reasonable fee may be charged
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data.  However, we may charge a reasonable fee if the request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive.  We may also charge printing fees and/or handling fees in accordance with the actual consumption or labour costs, while not excessive.
Refusal of your data access request
In the circumstances that your data access request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive, we reserve the right to refuse to comply with your request.
11.Cookies
You can set your internet browser to refuse all or some of the browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being used. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of HKA website or mobile app may become inaccessible or not function properly. For more information about the cookies we use, please
click here
.
12. Glossary
Privacy Notice
means a statement made to a data subject that describes how we collect, use, retain and disclose personal data.
LAWFUL BASIS
Legitimate Interest
means the interest of our business in conducting and managing our business to enable us to give you the best service/product and the best and most secure experience. We make sure we consider and balance any potential impacts on you (both positive and negative) and your rights before we process your personal data for our legitimate interests. We do not use your personal data for activities where our interests are overridden by the impacts on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law). You can obtain further information about how we assess our legitimate interests against any potential impacts on you in respect of specific activities by contacting us.
Performance of a
Contract
means processing your data where it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party or to take steps at your request before entering into such a contract.
Comply with a legal or regulatory obligation
means processing your personal data where it is necessary for compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation that we are subject to.
THIRD PARTIES
Internal Third Parties
mean other companies in the HKA group of companies, including but not limited to:
(i) TravelSky Technology Limited (
“
TravelSky
”
)
TravelSky is a subsidiary of China TravelSky Holding Company Limited, which is the dominant provider of information technology solutions for Hong Kong
’
s aviation and travel industry.  TravelSky provides HKA a range of aviation services, including but not limited to providing aviation technology services, distributing information technology services, accounting, settlement and clearing services, conducting electronic transactions, and managing travel-related information.  This HKA Privacy Policy may apply when TravelSky receives and processes your data from HKA to facilitate the ticketing, check-in and boarding activities.
(ii) SATS HK Limited (
“
SATSHK
”
)
SATS HK Limited is a joint venture of Hong Kong Airlines Limited and SATS Limited, and provides a range of ground handling services from passenger handling services, ramp handling, flight operations, baggage handling, load control to cargo services at the Hong Kong International Airport. This Privacy Policy may apply when SATSHK receives and processes your data from HKA to facilitate the ticketing, check-in and boarding activities of your flight.
(iii) HKA Holidays Limited (
“
HKAH
”
)
HKAH is a wholly-owned subsidiary of HKA and offers versatile travel packages for travellers to and from Hong Kong. This Privacy Policy may apply when your data is collected through HKA website or mobile app for processing your order of HKAH travel products or services. However, any personal data submitted to HKAH directly shall subject to HKAH
’
s own privacy policy. Please take time and read the respective policy.
(iv) Fortune Wings Club (
“
FWC
”
)
HKA is one of the flying partners of FWC, and any personal data collected through HKA website or mobile app in respect of the FWC frequent flyer programme shall also be subject to this Privacy Policy. However, any personal data submitted to FWC frequent flyer program directly or via other registration channels shall be subject to FWC
’
s own privacy policy and/or privacy policies of other flying partners. Please take time and read the respective policy.
Depending on the circumstances, the internal third party may act as an independent data controller, a joint data controller with HKA, or a data processor of HKA. HKA and all internal third parties are committed to protecting your privacy at the highest standard as always.
External Third Parties
mean other companies outside the HKA group of companies, including but not limited to:
business affiliates or partners acting as independent data controller or joint data controller with HKA, including other airlines, hotels, transport operators, travel agents, or marketing partners;
service providers acting as data processors of HKA, including those agents providing airport/ground handling and/or inflight services in our route network. HKA permits the service providers to process your personal data on behalf of us for specified purposes, which you can find details set out in Section 5 in this Policy. Common services offered by the providers include special assistance to passengers, call centre operation, sales & marketing support, inflight meal service, IT and system administrative service and website maintenance;
professional advisers (can be independent data controller, joint data controller or data processor depending on circumstances), including lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers who provide legal, consultancy, banking, accounting and insurance services;
government, regulators and other authorities (normally as independent data controller/user) which may require reporting of data processing activities in certain circumstances (e.g. for safety, security, or tax purposes) in accordance with applicable laws. The authorities may request disclosure of information in relation to passengers
’
travel documents, booking details and/or flight itinerary records; and
payment processors such as banks and credit card issuers (normally as independent data controller/user), which may collect personal data for detecting or preventing fraudulent transactions.
The external third parties can be based in/outside of Hong Kong. Therefore, it is possible that your personal data can be transferred outside your country/area for legitimate purposes. Details on international data transmissions can be referred to Section 9 in this policy.
YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS
While subject to applicable data privacy laws of your country/location, you have the right to:
Request access
to your personal data (commonly known as a "Data Access Request"). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
Request correction
of the personal data that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us.
Request erasure
of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove your personal data under specified circumstances, including where there is no good reason for us continuing to process the data, where you have successfully exercised your right to object to processing or withdraw consent (see below), where we may have processed your information unlawfully, or where local law requires us to erase your personal data, etc. Note, however, that we may not always be able or necessary to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons and/or under certain exemptions provided by the laws, which the reason will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request.
In the event that your personal data/information has already been transferred to third parties, we shall communicate your request of erasure to the relevant parties to delete your personal data/information from their records accordingly.
Object to processing
of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impact on your fundamental rights and freedoms. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights and freedoms.
Request restriction of processing
of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in the following scenarios: (a) if you want us to establish the data's accuracy; (b) where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it; (c) where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; or (d) you have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.
Request the transfer
of your personal data to you or to a third party. We will provide you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you.
Withdraw consent at any time
where we are relying on consent to process your personal data. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.
Opt-out from sale
of your personal data/information. Although HKA does not or does not plan to sell your personal data/information, you can always send us email to inform us of your intention for not to sell your personal data/information, and we shall take record of your intention accordingly. However, as permissible under applicable data privacy law, should HKA decide to sell your personal data/information in the future, we may contact you in no less than 12 months after your last given intention and obtain your consent for a sale of personal data. If you do not consent, we will not proceed with the sales any further.
Non-discrimination
for exercising your privacy rights. We will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights by:
denying goods or services to you;
charging different prices or rates for goods or services, including through the use of discounts or other benefits or imposing penalties;
providing a different level or quality of goods or services to you; or
suggesting that you will receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
Hong Kong Airlines Privacy Policy - Canada Annex
In the event of any inconsistency between the English and Chinese versions of this Annex, the English version shall prevail.
This Annex applies if you are based in Canada during your interactions with us.
(1) Withdraw consent at any time
You may withdraw consent at any time by contacting us as set out in Section 1 of the Privacy Policy.  However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent.  If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you.  We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.
(2) Promotional offers from us
We strive to offer you the best products and services, and we do our best to find the most relevant products, services and offers for you when we make our marketing and promotions. We may use your Identity, Contact, Technical, Usage and Profile Data to form a view on what you may want or need, or what may be of interest to you.
We may use your personal data in marketing of our promotions (e.g. for direct marketing). We shall obtain your opt-in consent at the time of personal data collection before using your personal data for any marketing communications, as appropriate and required by applicable laws.
You may receive marketing communications from us via specific channels after you provide us with your details for requesting information from us, for purchasing goods or services, for entering a competition, for registering a promotion or for other activities with us, while in our records, we have obtained your opt-in consent for using your personal data in marketing.
We may also have a chance to share your personal data with our third parties for marketing purposes. In this case, we will get your opt-in consent before any sharing or disclosure of your personal data with third parties.
(3) Opt-out of marketing communications
In relation to any marketing communications delivered to you (e.g. via email or text message or other applicable channels), you have the right to refuse marketing at any time (e.g. by opt-out or withdrawal of consent). There are various ways available for you to request us or the third parties to stop delivering you marketing communications, including:
in case you are already our registered member, you may log into your account and adjust your marketing preferences at any time;
click and follow the “opt-out link” available in any marketing communications delivered to you; or
contact us or the third party directly.
Please note that, where you may have opted out of receiving the marketing communications at any time by contacting us as set out in Section 1 of the Privacy Policy, this will not apply or affect the non-marketing communications that we send to you in respect of your purchase of our products and services, e.g. live information about your flight with us, disruption alerts or other operational updates as may be necessary from time to time.
(4) Storage and access outside of Canada
Many of our External Third Parties are based outside of Canada or our headquarters in Hong Kong. At the time you provide personal data through this website or mobile app, a transmission of your personal data outside of Canada may take place to process your data.
Whenever we need to transfer your personal data out of Canada, we ensure a similar degree of data protection is afforded to ensure your personal data is only transferred to countries/ areas that have been deemed to provide level of protection for personal data by the applicable local government authorities.
Your Personal Data may be subject to access and disclosure to governmental and law enforcement authorities in those countries/ areas and in accordance with the laws of those countries.
(5) Your legal rights
Under certain circumstances and in accordance, subject to exceptions in accordance with the laws of Canada, you have the following right(s) in relation to your personal data:
Request access to your personal data
Request correction of your personal data
Request erasure of your personal data
Object to processing of your personal data
Request restriction of processing your personal data
Request transfer of your personal data
Right to withdraw consent
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data.  However, we may charge a reasonable fee if the request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive.  We may also charge printing fees and/or handling fees in accordance with the actual consumption or labour costs, while not excessive.  You may exercise your legal rights at any time by contacting us as set out in Section 1 of the Privacy Policy.
(6) Accountability
If you have any concerns or questions about how we are collecting, using or disclosing your Personal Data, you may contact us at any time as set out in Section 1 of the Privacy Policy.  If you are not satisfied with how we resolve your questions or concerns, you may contact the Office of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada.
WeChat
CLOSE
This website uses cookies to enhance your experience. By continuing you are agreeing to our
Cookies Policy
.
I Agree
March 2025
Sun
Mon
Tue
Wed
Thu
Fri
Sat
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
April 2025
Sun
Mon
Tue
Wed
Thu
Fri
Sat
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://render.alipay.com/p/f/oversea-cashier/privacy-policy.html:
Antom Privacy Policy for Merchant Services
Last updated: 2024-04-25
We provide payment processing, reconciliation and settlement, and other related services to our customers globally (“
Antom Services
”). This Privacy Notice
describes how we collect, use, and share personal information in relation to the Antom Services.
This Privacy Notice applies to:
visitors to our websites (including
https://www.antom.com
) or any other person who contacts us over the telephone, email or other means (“
Visitors
”);
customers who register for and/or use Antom Services (“
Customers
”). This may include merchants, platforms, and sub-merchants (for instance if you have an account on a platform);
consumers who do business with, or otherwise engage in a transaction with a Customer, such as those buying goods and services from a Customer using Antom Services for payment processing (“
End Users
”); and
personnel, officers, and connected persons of our Customers and other partners (“
Representatives
”) where their personal information is provided to us in connection with the Antom Services.
Unless otherwise indicated or the context requires otherwise, reference to “you” or “your” are intended to refer to a Visitor, Customer, End User and/or Representative, and reference to “Antom”, “we”, “us” or “our” in this Privacy Notice refer to Alipay Singapore E-Commerce Private Limited, Alipay (Europe) Limited S.A., Alipay (UK) Limited, and other affiliates involved in providing the Antom Services to you (each an “
Affiliate
” and collectively referred to as the “
Group
”).
Please refer to the
Antom Privacy Policy for United States Merchant Services
if you are:
A visitor to our websites located in the U.S.,
A U.S. Merchant who registers for and/or uses U.S. Antom Services provided by AUS Merchant Services, Inc., or
A consumer who engages in transactions with a U.S. Merchant, such as purchasing goods or services using U.S. Antom Services for payment processing (“End Users”)
1. WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU?
We collect and use personal information about you, including when you interact with us, register for an account, contact us directly with respect to any queries or otherwise communicate with us, use the Antom Services to make purchases or otherwise conduct financial transactions, or otherwise visit or use our Antom Services.
We may collect the following personal information about you:
your basic personal details, including first and last name, date of birth, and copies of your government ID documents (e.g., passport, driver’s licence or social security number);
contact information, including your address, phone number, email, or other information that permits us to contact you;
account information, such as payment methods and details of the payment card used to complete a transaction with a merchant;
in relation to Representatives:
copies of government ID documents and role and relationship with the relevant Customer or partner;
company registration details, such as the basic personal details of the ultimate beneficiaries and account authentication details to complete “know your business” or “know your client” checks as required by local law;
financial information and tax identification information;
transaction details, such as the merchants you deal with, the amounts paid, details of the products and/or services purchased, and information related to requests for chargebacks and/or refunds;
details of any marketing preferences you have given us (such as requests to receive or not receive certain types of marketing communications);
copies of communications with or about you; and
the following usage, device, and technical information:
information about the device you use to interact with us and our services (including IP address, geographical location, device type and model, screen resolution, app version, device language, device identification codes and other features/data that can be used to identify a device), and
information from your visits to our websites or mobile applications, and your interactions with our emails or other communications. This information includes browser history, product engagement, length of visit/usage, page views and any search term you use, IP address or other unique identifiers, browser/platform type and version, internet service provider, operating system, referral source/exit pages, device operations, session information, device ID, user agent, device logs in the event of a crash or error report, and unique identifiers saved in cookies and information associated with a cookie which is necessary to provide the services you have requested or which helps us measure and improve our sites.
As noted above, we collect personal information which may be considered sensitive in certain jurisdictions. Specifically, if we collect your passport, your payment card information, or your financial information and tax identification information, you may have additional rights and protections with regard to such sensitive personal information under certain data protection laws.
We will indicate whether the provision of personal information is mandatory or optional. If you do not provide mandatory personal information to us, you may not be able to use the Antom Services.
2. HOW WE OBTAIN YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We collect the above personal information (including sensitive personal information, if any) from various sources, either directly from you or indirectly, as set out below.
We collect personal information directly from you when you provide it to us in connection with the Antom Services. For example, we collect your personal information when you enquire about or register to use any of the Antom Services, sign an agreement with us, provide your personal information during the merchant onboarding process, log into your account to use the Antom Services on our sites, or when you communicate with us via e-mail, phone, SMS, or any other electronic means.
We also receive personal information about you from the following sources:
Customers and other third parties who support the ability to make payments and conduct transactions through Antom Services or otherwise;
Affiliates;
suppliers providing services on our behalf;
banks, card associations, payment networks, acquiring institutions, and other financial institutions that we cooperate with to provide you with the Antom Services;
third parties for fraud monitoring and prevention purposes, or other purposes required by law;
in relation to Representatives, from the relevant Customer or partner; and
publicly available sources.
We may combine information that we have about you from various sources, including the information you have provided to us.
Please refer to the section
How We Use Your Personal Information
below for more details.
3. HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We use your personal information (including sensitive personal information, if any) to provide you with Antom Services. More specifically, we may use your personal information for the following purposes:
for the exercise of rights and performance of obligations under, and managing compliance with, our agreements and related Antom documentation;
processing, maintaining and managing your registration with our services;
providing you with Antom Services and related services, including enabling and conducting transactions, customizing your user experience, enabling the receipt of balance top-ups, financing proceeds and third-party payments, facilitating the settlement of payment for goods and services and providing other fund settlement services, handling foreign exchange conversions, chargebacks, and sending notices about transactions;
to respond to your queries, feedback, claims or disputes (including resolving payment disputes) or otherwise provide customer support and services;
contacting you in relation to our provision of Antom Services, contacting you in connection with any communication preferences or requests you have expressed, asking you for feedback about Antom Services or other related products and services, collecting feedback from you and your staff about our products and services and using such feedback to improve our business and/or customize products and services, and contact you for legal purposes;
to operate marketing and advertising activities (including trade shows and promotional events), and send you advertising or other information about our products and services;
for security, authentication and risk control purposes, including to verify your identity, verify your eligibility as a user of Antom Services, manage anti-money laundering and fraud risk, to perform creditworthiness and solvency checks, assessing, detecting, investigating, preventing or remediating fraud, data breaches or other potentially prohibited or illegal activities and violations of our agreements and policies, industry standards, guidelines, laws and regulations, and otherwise protecting the integrity and maintaining the security of our services, products and platforms, to protect our rights or property and those of others and to prevent any harm or financial loss to us or others;
in relation to Representatives, (i) to carry out “know your client” checks and for onboarding and due diligence purposes; (ii) to manage and develop the relationship with Customers or partners; and (iii) to communicate with Customers or partners;
making disclosures as may be required by any rules, law or regulation, regulatory authorities, government officials, card association or other payment network. Such disclosures may also be made pursuant to any subpoena, court order or other legal process or contractual or commercial requirement applicable to us or any Affiliates (including “know your customer”, anti-money laundering, counter-terrorist financing reporting, tax requirements or other commercial disputes);
improving and optimizing the Antom Services, conducting research, statistical analysis, analytics, business planning and business intelligence purposes in order to understand how users like you perceive our products and services, industry trends, usage patterns and other factors that may affect our business;
to manage our business, including billing, invoicing, account management, reconciliation, collection, audit purposes and internal reporting;
for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims or potential claims on behalf of ourselves or our Affiliates, for the purposes of legal proceedings, for compliance, regulatory and investigative purposes;
for any proposed or actual merger, acquisition, corporate reorganization, financing, joint venture, assignment, transfer, disposition or similar transaction, including the sale of business, assets or stock;
to comply with law, regulation, codes of conduct and other good practice and conduct requirements, and any requirements or rules imposed by payment schemes; and
in any other ways for which we provide notice at the time of collection.
4. WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We share your personal information (including sensitive personal information, if any) for the purposes indicated under the section
How We Use Your Personal Information
above, with the following categories of recipients:
our Affiliates;
Customers that provide you with products, services and other offerings on or through Antom Services;
any agent, contractor, vendor, or service provider that we work with in providing Antom Services. We set out a list of such agents, contractors, vendors, and service providers
here
;
service providers elected by you;
third parties where you have instructed us to share information with them;
banks, card associations, payment networks or acquiring institutions, and other financial institutions involved in processing of payments and conducting transactions through Antom Services;
law enforcement agencies, insurers, government and regulatory or supervisory authorities or any other organizations to which we, or any of our Affiliates or service providers, are under an obligation to make disclosure under the requirements of any applicable law, regulation, code of conduct or good practice or conduct requirement or commercial arrangement;
parties relevant to litigation proceedings and the assessment of claims or disputes, including courts;
individuals and entities involved in any merger, acquisition, corporate reorganization, financing, or similar transaction with us, including in the event of the sale of all or part of our assets; and
our own and others’ professional advisors (e.g., lawyers, accountants, auditors, and trustees).
See the section
How Do We Store And Protect Your Personal Information?
for information on how long we retain your personal information and how we try to keep your personal information secure when storing it or sharing it with others.
5. HOW DO WE STORE AND PROTECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We will keep your personal information (including sensitive personal information, if any) in accordance with our policies and for as long as it is necessary to provide you with the Antom Services or other purposes as set out in this Privacy Notice. In addition, we may retain your personal information (or sensitive personal information, if any) for a longer period (including after you are no longer a user of our services) if it is necessary to comply with laws and regulations applicable to us. The criteria we use to determine the appropriate retention periods are:
regulatory requirements that we are subject to;
whether a legal claim could be brought against us;
necessity of information to provide the Antom Services;
the type, nature, and sensitivity of your personal information being processed; and
the legal basis for processing – e.g., consent.
We use a variety of security measures and technologies designed to help protect your personal information from unauthorised access, use, disclosure, alteration or destruction, consistent with applicable data protection and privacy laws and regulations.
6. WHAT IS OUR LEGAL BASIS FOR COLLECTING AND USING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We collect and use your personal information on one or more legal bases set out below (and where applicable, under any other legal bases permitted under the relevant data protection legislation).
For the performance of any contracts to which you are a party.
To comply with legal and regulatory obligations.
With your consent – for example when you give consent to our use of cookies in order to measure and improve our sites.
For legitimate interests:
to operate, market and improve our business and minimise any disruption to the Antom Services that we may offer to you;
to ensure the security of the Antom Services and to protect us, our staff, users and others from fraud or other criminal or similar conduct;
to comply with codes of conduct, codes of practice and similar good conduct principles which do not have the force of law in the countries in which we operate, but are prudent for the Group to apply;
to send you service-related communications and marketing/promotional communications, to make our communications with you more relevant and personalised to you, and to make your experience of our products and services efficient and effective;
to transfer your personal information internationally (including to Singapore, the European Economic Area, the United States, Malaysia and China) in order to accommodate our technical infrastructure and as part of our business structure, including as a result of laws and regulations applicable to us and other Affiliates and legal claims or proceedings that involve us or other Affiliates; and
for other purposes including those set out in section 3.
However, in cases in which we wish to use your personal information for our legitimate interests, we carefully consider the position and do not proceed if we think your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms relating to your personal information would be prejudiced.
7. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We are a global business and your information may be processed outside of the country where you live. These other countries might have data protection regulations that are different from those in your country. Regardless of where your information is processed, we take measures to comply with applicable data protection laws related to such transfer.
If you are located in the EEA, the UK or Switzerland, any transfers of your data to third countries will be in accordance with standard data protection clauses approved by the European Commission or approved under UK or Swiss data protection laws (often called “
SCCs
”), or other lawful methods available to us under applicable law. You can find information about the SCCs
here
.
8. YOUR CHOICES AND PRIVACY RIGHTS WITH RESPECT TO YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
In accordance with applicable data protection and privacy laws and regulations, you may be entitled to:
ask us about the processing of your personal information and access it, including by asking us to provide you with a copy of your personal information;
request the correction and/or updating of your personal information;
request the deletion of your personal information;
request the restriction of the processing of your personal information, or object to that processing;
withdraw your consent to the processing of your personal information (where we process your personal information based on your consent);
opt-out of email marketing and certain other communications. You may manage your receipt of marketing communications by clicking on the "Unsubscribe" link located on the bottom of any Antom marketing email and/or following the instructions found on any page to which the link may take you. Please note that you cannot opt out of receiving administrative, support, or transactional emails;
request receipt or transmission to another organisation, in a machine-readable form, of the personal information that you have provided to us where we are using your personal information based on consent or performance of a contract; and
complain to the relevant supervisory authority.
If you are a User located in the United States, you may also be entitled to:
Access/Right to Know: You may ask for: (i) a portable copy of the specific pieces of your personal information that we have collected; (ii) a list of categories of personal information (and sensitive personal information) we have collected about you; (iii) a list of categories of sources from which such information was collected; (iv) a list of categories of information that we sold or disclosed for a business purpose about you; (v) a list of categories of third parties to whom the information was sold or disclosed for a business purpose; and/or (vi) the business or commercial purpose for collecting and selling your information.
Deletion: You may request that we delete the personal information we have collected about you, subject to certain exceptions.
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information for Behavioral Advertising: We do not “sell” your personal information to third parties for monetary consideration. You may opt out of analytics cookies as explained below.
Correct or Update Your Personal Information: You have the right to request that we correct, update, or modify the personal information we maintain about you.
Limit the Use and Sharing of Your Sensitive Personal Information: In relation to any sensitive personal information identified in
section 1
above, you can request that we limit our use and sharing of such information to those uses which are necessary to perform the Antom Services or as otherwise allowed by relevant data protection laws.
Please note that these rights are not absolute and are subject to a number of exceptions and qualifications that mean they may not always apply.
Submitting Privacy Rights Requests:
If you would like to exercise your privacy rights, contact us using the details set out in the
Contact Us
section below. If you would like to withdraw consent to our use of analytics cookies, our
cookie notice
explains how to do this.
Where you are given the option to share your personal information with us, you can always choose not to do so. If we have requested your consent to processing and you later choose to withdraw it, we will respect that choice in accordance with our legal obligations.
However, choosing not to share your personal information with us or withdrawing your consent to our use of it could mean that we are unable to perform the actions necessary to achieve the purposes of processing described (see section
How We Use Your Personal Information
) or that you are unable to make use of the services and products offered by us. After you have chosen to withdraw your consent, we may be able to continue to process your personal information to the extent required or otherwise permitted by applicable data protection and privacy laws or regulations.
Non-Discrimination:
If you exercise any of the above privacy rights, we will continue to treat you fairly and without discrimination. If you exercise your rights under this Privacy Notice, you will not be denied or charged different prices or rates for the Antom Services, or provided a different level or quality of goods or services than others.
Verification of Your Identity:
Depending on the nature of your request, we will ask you for identifying information and attempt to match it to information that we maintain about you in order to verify your identity. Not all of the above request types will be subject to verification. If we are unable to verify your identity with the degree of certainty required, we will not be able to respond to your request. We will notify you to explain the basis of the denial.
Authorized Agents:
You may designate an agent to submit requests on your behalf. When submitting a request through the methods described above, the agent must identify itself as your authorized agent. Depending on the type of request being submitted, we may request additional verification to confirm you have authorized the agent to act on your behalf.
9. ADDITIONAL CALIFORNIA PRIVACY DISCLOSURES
For purposes of the California Consumer Privacy Act (“
CCPA
”), as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act (“
CPRA
”), please also note the following specific information about how we collect, use, and share California residents’ personal information:
Depending on our interactions with you, we may collect, use, and disclose for our business and commercial purposes the following categories of personal information set forth in the CCPA: identifiers; payment and customer records information; commercial information; internet or other electronic network activity information; and sensitive personal information. See
section 1
above for more details.
We collect and use the above categories of personal information for the business and commercial purposes described in
section 3
above.
We collect these categories of personal information from the sources described in
section 2
above.
We may disclose each of these categories of personal information to the categories of third parties as described in
section 4
above.
10. HOW DO WE PROCESS PERSONAL INFORMATION ABOUT CHILDREN?
Our services are not directed towards children under 18 years old, nor does Antom knowingly collect information from children under 18. If you are under 18, please do not use the Antom Services or submit any personal information to us.
If you, acting as a guardian of a child, have relevant questions in respect of a child’s personal information, please contact us using the details set out in the
Contact Us
section below.
11. THIRD PARTY SERVICES AND SITES
We may provide links to third party websites and services (including other online merchant sites) for your convenience and information. These services and websites may operate independently from us. Linked services and websites may have their own privacy notices or policies, which we strongly suggest you review if you visit any linked services and websites. To the extent any linked websites and services you visit are not owned or controlled by us, we are not responsible for (i) these websites’ or services’ content, (ii) any use of these services or websites by you, or (iii) the privacy practices of these services or websites.
12. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY NOTICE
We may change, amend or revise this Privacy Notice from time to time. We will notify you of any substantive or material change in this Privacy Notice through a combination of updating this webpage, sending push notifications, e-mails or letters, by phone or by publishing announcements on our websites. You can review this Privacy Notice any time at the homepage of our websites.
Once posted on our website, the new Privacy Notice will become immediately effective unless stated otherwise.
13. CONTACT US
If you have questions or requests about the privacy of your personal information, please contact us by email via
Privacy-OpenPlatform@antom.com
or at the following business address if you are in:
the European Economic Area or Switzerland: Alipay (Europe) Limited S.A., Privacy Office, 11-13, 9, rue du Laboratoire, L-1911 Luxembourg.
As required under applicable law, please note that we may take steps to ask you to provide further information to verify your identity before granting you access to information or acting on your request to exercise your rights.
Sub-policy 2
https://weibo.com/signup/v5/privacy:
微博个人信息保护政策
概要
微博高度重视用户个人信息的合法使用和保护。本《微博个人信息保护政策概要》旨在以简洁、清晰、易懂的方式向您介绍微博App处理您个人信息的基本情况。如您需要了解完整的《
微博个人信息保护政策
》，可直接跳转至下文查阅。
我们如何收集和使用您的个人信息
为协助您注册微博账号，提供您开启的微博服务，您需要向我们提供手机号码、电子邮箱、通讯地址等个人信息。如您需要使用某些特定功能（例如身份认证、寻找通讯录好友、标记精准位置、结算收益等），您可能还需要向我们提供
精准位置信息、通讯录、身份证号码、面部识别特征、支付账号等敏感个人信息
，届时我们会明确向您告知收集使用该等信息的目的和必要性。
在您使用微博的过程中，我们还会记录您的使用行为信息（例如您访问过的页面或者点击过的链接），并结合您的部分设备信息，用以评估您操作行为的安全风险，保障微博的稳定运行，并向您展示您可能感兴趣的信息。该等信息通常不能直接识别您的个人身份。
更多详情请见我们的《
个人信息收集清单
》。
我们需要开启哪些设备权限
我们的部分功能需要调用您的设备权限，例如位置权限、通讯录权限、麦克风权限、摄像头权限、日历权限、相册权限、运动与健身权限等。我们会采用系统弹窗或应用弹窗的方式询问您是否授权。您可以随时在微博的设置选项或设备的设置功能中选择开关相关权限。
位置权限：为您提供签到分享服务，帮助您在直播、直播预约和发布的内容中进行位置标记，并用于微博安全保障、为您提供更精准和个性化的服务和内容（如您的设备支持该等选项，您有权在开启定位权限时选择向我们提供精准位置信息或者粗略位置信息）；
通讯录权限：帮助您发现和添加通讯录中的微博好友；
麦克风权限：发送语音消息，帮助您进行视频直播、直播互动，以及完成音视频内容的拍摄和发布；
摄像头权限：扫描二维码、帮助您进行视频直播、直播互动、完成身份认证，以及完成音视频内容和照片的拍摄和发布；
日历权限：为您预约微博直播，或提供预约提醒服务；
相册权限：设置头像图片，以及完成照片的发布；
运动与健身权限：读取您的步数，以便在微博运动打卡贴纸中显示您的步数。
更多详情请见我们的《
设备权限清单
》。您不同意开启特定权限通常只影响您使用其对应的特定功能。尤其是，您可以在不开启敏感权限的情况下使用浏览资讯，编辑、发布、评论、转发微博，与好友聊天互动等基本功能。
我们如何共享您的信息
我们只会在必要的目的和范围内向第三方共享您的个人信息，主要场景包括提供您选用的微博服务，帮助您参加活动并寄送礼物，为您推送个性化广告，进行安全风控评估，以及统计分析微博的运行情况。在某些场景下，我们还会利用第三方SDK协助提供服务。
详情请见我们的《
第三方合作清单
》。
我们如何保存您的信息
保存位置：中国境内
保存期限：为您提供微博服务所必要和法律法规及监管规定要求的时限
保存期满的处理方式：删除或进行匿名化处理
您如何管理您的信息
您可以在微博的设置选项或者通过联系我们：
访问、修改、复制、删除您的个人信息；
撤回您的同意；
注销您的账号；或者
行使其他法定的个人信息主体权利。
我们如何做好未成年人保护
如果您未满14周岁，请您与父母开启微博的“青少年模式”，详细了解《
微博儿童个人信息保护政策
》，并经父母确认前述政策后再行使用微博。
如何联系我们
您可以通过拨打客服电话（400-096-0960s）或者私信联系 @微博客服 便捷地与我们联系，我们会在法定期限内及时答复您的请求或申诉。
微博个人信息保护政策
更新日期：2022年
3
月
3
日
生效日期：2022年
3
月
3
日
为切实保护微博用户个人信息，优化用户体验，微博（以下或称
“
我们
”
，指北京微梦创科网络技术有限公司）根据现行法规及政策，制定《微博个人信息保护政策》（以下简称
“
本政策
”
）。本政策将详细说明我们在获取、使用、管理及保护用户个人信息方面的政策及措施。
我们努力用通俗易懂、简明扼要的文字进行表达，并对本政策中与您的权益密切相关的条款采用粗体字进行标注以提示您注意。
因此，在您使用微博前，请务必仔细阅读并充分理解本政策，在确认充分理解并同意后再使用微博服务。
重要提示：
1
本政策适用于我们以包括但不限于网站、客户端、小程序、H5、快应用、组件、widget以及随技术发展出现的新形态向您提供的各项产品和服务，无论您是通过计算机设备、移动终端还是其他设备获得的微博服务。
本政策不适用于：
通过微博接入的第三方产品或服务（包括任何第三方网站）收集的信息，可能包括在个性化推荐中向您显示的产品或服务和广告内容，或者微博中链接到的其他产品或服务；
帮助微博进行广告宣传的第三方收集的信息；
在微博中开展广告活动的第三方所收集的信息。
您使用这些第三方服务（包括您向这些第三方提供的任何个人信息），将受这些第三方的服务条款及隐私政策约束（而非本政策），具体规定请您仔细阅读第三方的相关条款。请您妥善保护您的个人信息，仅在必要的情况下向第三方提供。
2
请您了解，本政策中所述的客户端及相关服务可能会根据您装载客户端设备的型号、系统版本、浏览器版本、软件应用程序版本等因素而有所不同。最终的产品和服务以您所使用的微博客户端为准。
3
本政策中的相关术语，如无特殊约定的，均采用适用的数据保护法律规定之解释。
“适用的数据保护法律”主要指中国个人
信息
保护相关的法律法规（《个人信息保护法》《数据安全法》《民法典》《网络安全法》）及其配套实施规则、国家标准和监管要求（为避免疑义，不包括香港特别行政区、澳门特别行政区及台湾地区法律）。
4
您知悉并理解，我们向您提供的部分服务可能需要处理您的敏感个人信息，该等敏感个人信息会采用粗体字进行标注以提示您注意。我们仅会基于您的同意、为您提供您需要的服务或出于履行法定义务的需要处理您的敏感个人信息，该等处理活动不会对您的权益造成不利的影响。我们会依法采取与相关敏感个人信息风险水平所匹配的安全和技术措施，防止未经授权的访问以及个人信息泄露、篡改、丢失。
在本政策中，我们会依法向您披露处理您敏感个人信息的必要事项（包括但不限于处理目的、方式和敏感个人信息的种类等），并在微博中以弹窗或单独页面等形式再次提示您以及征求您的单独同意（适用的数据保护法律另有规定的除外）。
本政策将帮助您了解以下内容：
1、我们如何收集和使用您的个人信息
2、Cookie及相关技术告知
3、我们如何委托处理、共享、转让及公开披露您的个人信息
4、我们如何保护您的个人信息
5、我们如何存储您的个人信息
6、您的个人信息主体权利
7、我们如何收集和处理未成年人的个人信息
8、本政策的更新
9、如何联系我们
一、
我们如何收集和使用您的个人信息
1
您自愿向我们提供的个人信息
1.1
注册和登录账号
在您注册微博账号或使用账号管理功能添加其他账号时，我们会通过注册
和登录
流程收集您的账户昵称、密码、密码保护选项、电子邮箱、手机号码。
若您以其他方式关联登录微博，我们会向关联第三方请求您的个人信息，对于我们要求但第三方无法提供的个人信息，我们仍可能会要求您提供：（
1
）当您使用
QQ
账号登录时，我们会访问获取您的
QQ
头像、昵称、地区和性别信息；（
2
）当您使用微信账号登录时，我们会获取您的微信头像、微信昵称、性别和地区信息；（
3
）当您使用
Apple ID
登录时，我们会获取您
Apple ID
的电子邮箱地址。为了确保账号安全和落实网络实名制，在您使用其他方式关联登录、使用微博的某些功能时，您可能仍然需要绑定有效的手机号码。
收集这些信息是为了帮您创建微博账号和对您进行实名验证，如果您拒绝提供这些信息，将影响您注册使用微博。
为了您可以便捷地登录、使用我们以及关联方提供的产品，我们采用统一账号体系，您可以使用微博账号登录、使用微博以及其他产品。如您在任一款产品中对账号信息（包括账号密码、密码保护选项、电子邮箱、手机号码）进行修改，该等修改将会自动同步至您的统一账号。您理解并同意，如您在任一款产品中实施账户注销，将可能会影响您使用其他产品。
另外，如果您希望为您未满14周岁的孩子设置
“
青少年模式
”
，我们会收集
您的孩子的账户昵称、性别、出生年月信息
。详情请见我们制定的《
微博儿童个人信息保护政策
》。
1.2
在您
浏览
微博信息流时，我们会根据您的设备信息、IP地址、
位置信息
、个人主页信息以及您的行为信息（即历史浏览、评论、赞、关注信息），向您提供个性化内容推荐服务。
您可以在微博设置中自主控制个性化内容推荐服务的开启和关闭（路径：微博-我-设置-隐私设置-个性化内容推荐），不会影响您正常使用微博的其他功能。
针对微博内基于位置为您提供的相关信息和服务（例如信息和广告推送、位置标记、地点签到、“同城”服务、微博发布器的话题\地点\天气\超话推荐引导），如您的设备支持该等选项，我们将在您开启定位权限后收集您的
精准位置信息
或者粗略位置信息。您知悉并理解，我们可能会依赖其他信息（例如IP地址、Wi-Fi接入点、移动信号基站位置等）来判断您所在的大致位置，并为您提供基于该等位置的信息和服务。
1.3
发布与互动
在您发布或转发微博、发表评论或与其他用户发送私信时，我们将收集您发布的内容（包括文字、图片或视频）。如您在发布微博时所使用的图片或视频含位置信息,我们会提取该等位置信息，并将其作为您标记位置信息的备选项；您也可以自主选择或者根据我们的推荐和引导，为您拟发布的微博内容标记地理位置。
如果您拒绝开启定位权限或提供位置信息，您将无法在发布的内容上标记位置信息。
1.4
在您使用地点签到分享功能时，我们将收集您的
位置信息
。
如果您拒绝提供位置信息，您将无法使用此项功能。
1.5
在您使用发现通讯录好友功能时，我们将收集您的
通讯录信息
，以便您可以发现和添加联系人为微博好友。
如果您拒绝提供这些信息，您将无法使用此项功能。
1.6
微博直播
在您观看直播时，我们不会额外收集您的信息。在您发起直播时，您需要向我们提供您的真实姓名和身份证号码，以便我们按照相关法律法规的要求对您进行实名认证，并开启设备上的摄像头和麦克风。在您发布直播预约时，您需要提供预约直播的介绍信息和指定开播时间，并拍摄或上传直播的预告视频。
如您希望与所观看的主播进行互动，您可能需要开启您设备上的摄像头和麦克风；您在使用免流量观看直播功能时，我们可能还需要根据您的
IMSI
确认您的免流服务资格。如您计划创建直播预约，您还可以开启设备上的日历权限，以便我们创建日程并在直播开始前进行提醒，您还可以根据意愿调整您直播的封面图片或标注您直播的位置。
如果您拒绝提供这些信息或开启相关权限，您将无法使用该等信息和权限相对应的功能，但不会影响您观看、发起或预约直播。
1.7
微博钱包功能
在您使用微博钱包功能时，您将需要绑定您的支付宝账号，我们将收集您的支付宝账号授权我们获取的信息（包括姓名、登录名、企业名称、昵称、头像、性别、地区和用户状态）以及支付宝账号与微博账号的绑定关系，以便您完成提现或者使用钱包余额支付。如果您拒绝进行绑定，您将无法使用微博钱包的提现和余额支付功能。
1.8
在您使用视频创作和内容管理功能时，我们将收集和向您展示您的视频内容、视频封面、视频描述，与你有关的评论、互动等信息，以便您进行查阅和管理。
如您需要上传视频，您需要授权我们访问相册或外部存储信息，否则我们将无法获取您设备中的视频内容。如您需要进行视频创作，您可能还需要开启设备上的摄像头和麦克风。
如您需要结算视频在平台上的收益，您需要向我们提供您的真实姓名、
支付宝账户
、手机号码、
身份证号码
，以便我们验证您的身份并向您打款。
如果您拒绝提供这些信息，我们将无法为您结算相关收益。
1.9
当您编辑您的个人主页时，您可以编辑您的昵称、头像、性别、生日和所在地信息，可以根据实际情况主动填写简介、感情状况、家乡、学校、公司等拓展信息。
如您拒绝提供拓展信息，不会影响您编辑您的个人主页或者使用微博的其他功能。
如您需要修改头像，您需要授权我们访问相册或外部存储信息，否则我们将无法获取您设备中的文件内容。如您需要进行头像拍摄，您可能还需要开启设备上的摄像头。
1.10
当您使用微博认证功能（包括身份认证、兴趣认证、金
V
认证、超级话题认证、视频认证、文章
/
问答认证，以及我们不时新增的其他认证类型）或者其他需要进行实名认证的服务（例如开通微博小店）时，我们会根据您所使用的服务类型收集您的姓名、手机号码、
身份证信息、
职业信息，在您申请认证时还需要收集您的
面部识别特征
进行身份核验
。收集这些信息是为了帮助您完成身份认证。我们对您的这些个人信息会加以最大程度的保护，如果您不提供这些信息，我们将无法提供相关服务。
其中，针对部分涉及公共信息传播的账号（例如实名官方账号），我们将强制收集主要责任人（例如账号运营人）的
身份证信息
，以维护公共传播秩序。除上述情形以外，我们一般不强制收集用户的身份证信息。
1.11
在您使用微博
“
同城
”
服务时，我们会收集您的
位置信息
，以便我们基于您的地理位置为您展示
“
同城
”
用户的微博内容。
如您拒绝提供精确
位置信息
，我们将仅依赖城市级别的粗略位置信息为您提供“同城”服务，您也可以通过切换城市的方式浏览其他
“
同城
”
微博内容。
同时，如您不希望您的微博在
“
同城
”
中展示，您可以在微博设置中将其关闭，不会影响您正常使用微博的其他功能。
1.12
在您使用微博内提供的拍摄道具、影集制作等工具时，如您选择使用的是需要与图像中的人脸贴合的工具，我们将需要识别您的面部特征值信息，以提供更好的视觉效果。在此过程中，除非另有明确说明并征得你的单独同意，我们不会回传、存储或向第三方提供上述信息，此信息将仅在你的设备（例如手机）本地处理。
如果您拒绝提供面部特征值信息，您将无法使用相关工具，但是不会影响您使用微博的其他功能。
1.13
当您参加微博内的营销活动（例如，在微博积分乐园使用积分换取礼品）时，我们会收集您的姓名、手机号码、通讯地址。
收集这些信息是为了向您寄送礼品，如果您拒绝提供这些信息，我们将无法向您发放礼品。
1.14
在您参与微博用户任务中心的摇一摇领红包活动时，我们将收集您的位置信息，以便于基于您的地理位置匹配同时参与活动的用户。
如果您拒绝提供位置信息，您将无法使用摇一摇功能，您拒绝提供这些信息不会影响您使用微博的其他功能。
1.15
在您使用客服中心管理账号时，根据您所使用的服务类型（包括但不限于找回登录名、找回密码、修改密码、绑定手机等），您可能需要向我们提供昵称、真实姓名、登录名、身份证号、手持证件照照片、注册邮箱、当前密码、原密码、注册地、常用登录地、手机号码、支付宝账号等不同的信息，实现不同的账号管理功能。
如果您拒绝提供这些信息，您将无法使用该项信息对应的功能，但是不会影响您使用微博的其他功能。
如您使用“舞弊举报”功能需要上传文件，您需要授权我们访问相册或外部存储信息，否则我们将无法获取您设备中的文件内容。如您需要进行照片拍摄，您可能还需要开启设备上的摄像头。
1.16
在您使用我们提供的搜索服务时，我们会收集您搜索的关键字信息、搜索历史记录、设备信息（包括您使用的设备属性、连接和状态信息，例如设备型号、设备标识符（如IMEI/
                  AndroidID/ IDFA/ OPENUDID/ GUID/
                  OAID）、设备MAC地址、电信运营商等软硬件特征信息）。为了提供高效的搜索服务，部分信息会暂时存储在您的本地设备中。
在此，您需要注意的是，单独的搜索关键字信息无法识别您的个人身份，其不属于您的个人信息，因此我们有权以其他的目的对其进行使用；只有当您的搜索关键字信息与您的其他信息互有联系并可以结合识别您的个人身份时，我们会将您的搜索关键字信息作为您的个人信息，与您的搜索历史记录一同按照本政策进行处理与保护。
1.17
在您使用微博时，我们会根据您的设备信息、
IP
地址和位置信息向您推送个性化广告。
在使用上述信息时，我们会进行去标识化处理，使得相关信息无法与您的真实身份直接关联。如果您拒绝个性化广告推送服务，可以在微博设置中将其关闭（路径：微博-我-设置-隐私设置-个性化广告推荐），但不影响您正常使用微博的其他功能。
1.18
在某些特殊情况（如评估用户特定使用行为的合规性）下，我们可能会要求您提供相关书面证明的复印件或扫描件。我们会在收到您的材料后妥善处理您的信息并及时向您反馈。
1.19
如您在使用微博过程中向我们提供了联系方式（如手机号码），我们或与我们合作的第三方可能通过短信向您发送商业性信息。如您不愿接收这些信息，您可以通过手机短信中提供的退订方式进行退订，也可以直接与我们联系进行退订。
1.20
在某些特殊情况（如评估用户特定使用行为的合规性）下，我们可能会要求您提供相关书面证明的复印件或扫描件。我们会在收到您的材料后妥善处理您的信息并及时向您反馈。
1.21
我们如在上述场景之外获得您的个人信息，将重新征得您的明示同意，并在获得您明示同意前向您充分说明应用场景与获取您相关信息的内容与范围，适用的数据保护法律另有规定的除外。
2
我们间接收集的个人信息
当您在微博中使用接入的第三方应用时，我们为提供对接技术支持等目的，可能从此类第三方应用的开发者及其技术服务提供商处获取您必要的个人信息，例如设备信息、操作行为日志信息。
如果涉及您的敏感个人信息，我们将单独向您取得授权。如您拒绝我们收集相关个人信息，可能导致第三方应用的全部或部分功能无法实现，但是不影响您使用微博的其他功能。
此类第三方应用的开发者及技术服务提供商可能依据其提供的隐私政策直接收集、使用您的个人信息，但我们不会获取这些个人信息。建议您在接受相关服务和提供个人信息前阅读并确认理解该等隐私政策。
3
我们自动收集的个人信息
当您通过网站、客户端、小程序等服务入口使用我们的服务时，我们可能自动从您的设备处收集您的
IP
地址、设备型号、唯一设备识别码、浏览器型号、粗略位置信息（例如国家或者城市信息）、安装的应用信息、传感器信息以及其他的设备技术信息，我们也会收集一些您使用我们服务的日志信息，例如访问过的页面或者点击过的链接。
收集该等信息主要为了保障服务的安全运行，也可以使我们更好地了解您，比如您来自哪里以及我们的服务有哪些吸引您的内容。我们将该等信息用于内部分析，以及为您提升服务质量和服务相关性（如向您推荐您可能会感兴趣的信息和内容）。我们同时也需要留存相应的日志来记录我们网站、移动客户端等服务入口的运行状态，以符合法律法规的规定。
这些信息一般通过我们使用的
cookie
或者类似的追踪科技来进行收集，详情请见下方的
“Cookie
及相关技术告知
”
部分。
4
我们获取的设备权限
为向您提供便捷、优质的服务，我们可能会调用您设备上的一些权限。在您使用相应功能时会看到弹窗提醒，询问您是否授权。
您可以在客户端或设备的设置功能中选择关闭部分或全部权限。在不同设备中，上述权限的开启和关闭方式可能有所不同，具体请参考设备及系统开发方的说明或指引。
关于微博调用权限的具体情况，请见《
设备权限清单
》。
5
根据适用的数据保护法律的相关规定，在以下
情况下，我们有权在不征得您授权同意的情况下处理（包括收集、使用、委托处理、共享、转让和公开披露）您的个人信息：
5.1
为订立、履行您作为一方当事人的合同所必需；
5.2
为履行我们的法定义务所必需；
5.3
为应对突发公共卫生事件，或者紧急情况下为保护自然人的生命健康和财产安全所必需；
5.4
为公共利益实施新闻报道、舆论监督等行为，在合理的范围内处理您的个人信息；
5.5
依照法律规定在合理的范围内处理您自行公开或者其他已经合法公开的个人信息；
5.6
法律、行政法规规定的其他情形。
6
除非您以删除、撤回同意或其他方式拒绝我们处理，在您使用微博期间，我们将在符合适用的数据保护法律、与本政策所声明的目的具有直接或合理关联的范围内使用您的个人信息。例如，在对您的个人身份信息进行去标识化处理后进行分析和商业化利用，或者在合理范围内使用您自行公开的信息（不影响您通过微博内提供的隐私设置项（如设置私密微博，或者设置仅公开半年微博等）来调整部分信息的可见性）
。
二、
Cookie及相关技术告知
1
Cookie和相关技术可以帮助网站辨认注册用户，计算用户数量，通常被各网站用来判定完成注册的用户是否已经实现登录，我们使用cookie及相关技术主要为了实现以下功能或服务：
1.1
保障产品或服务的安全、高效运转。我们可能会设置认证与保障安全性的
cookie
，以便确认您是否安全登录服务，或者是否遇到盗用、欺诈及其他不法行为。这些技术还会帮助我们改进服务效率，提升登录和响应速度。
1.2
简化您的操作步骤。使用此类技术，可以帮助您省去重复填写个人信息、输入搜索内容的步骤和流程，帮您获得更轻松的访问体验。
1.3
为您推荐、展示、推送您可能感兴趣的内容或账号。我们可能会利用此类技术了解您的偏好和使用习惯，进行数据分析，以改善产品服务、推荐您感兴趣的信息或功能，并优化您对广告的选择。
2
如您希望禁用cookies，您可以对浏览器进行配置：选择"拒绝cookies"或"当网站发送cookies时通知您"。鉴于我们的服务是通过支持cookies来实现的，完成关闭cookies的操作后，您访问微博可能受到影响或不能充分获得我们的服务。您不禁用cookies时，可能会得到提示，例如是否在下一次进入此网站时保留用户信息以便简化登录手续（如自动登录）。
三、
我们如何委托处理、共享、转让及公开披露您的个人信息
1
委托处理
为了提升信息处理效率，我们可能会委托第三方代表我们处理您的个人信息。对我们委托处理个人信息的第三方，我们会与其签署委托处理协议，要求其按照协议的约定、本政策以及适用的数据保护法律的要求来处理个人信息。
2
共享
为了向您提供微博的相关服务，保障微博服务的稳定运行以及其他合理目的，我们可能会在以下特定情形下向其他个人信息处理者共享您的个人信息。详情请见《
第三方合作清单
》。
对我们与之共享个人信息的第三方，我们会评估其收集信息的合法性、正当性和必要性，对其数据安全环境进行调查，并要求其按照本政策以及
适用的数据保护法律的
要求来处理个人信息。
2.1
实现微博的服务及功能的信息共享
请您理解，微博的某些功能和服务由第三方（包括我们的关联方）提供，为实现该等功能和服务，我们可能会与相关第三方共享您必要的信息，以便这些第三方向您提供相关的功能和服务，向您展示或推送您可能感兴趣的信息和内容。
2.2
帮助您参加营销推广活动的信息共享
为帮助您参加营销推广活动，我们可能会与第三方共享您的信息。当您选择参加我们举办的营销推广活动时，根据不同活动的需要，您可能需要向我们提供姓名、手机号码、通信地址。经过您的明示同意，我们会将上述信息与第三方共享，以便第三方能及时向您提供服务。
2.3
实现广告相关的信息共享
为实现程序化广告推送，我们可能会与广告合作伙伴（包括广告主和其他广告服务提供商）共享去标识化或匿名化处理后的信息，
以帮助其在不识别您个人身份的前提下提升广告的有效触达率
。
未经您授权，我们不会将您的个人身份信息（即可以识别您身份的信息，例如姓名或手机号码）与广告合作伙伴共享。
2.4
实现安全与分析统计的信息共享
为维护您和其他微博用户的正当合法权益，保障微博服务的稳定运行，我们会与数据安全合作伙伴共享脱敏后的您的设备信息、联网信息。此外，为分析微博服务的使用情况，提升您的使用体验，我们会与数据分析合作伙伴共享脱敏后的您的微博使用行为情况信息。
3
微博服务中某些功能的技术模块由第三方SDK协助提供，有关微博客户端中接入的第三方SDK收集和使用用户信息的具体情况，请见《
第三方合作清单
》。
4
如我们因合并、分立、解散、被宣告破产等原因需要转让您的个人信息的，我们会向您告知接收方的名称或者姓名和联系方式，并要求接收方按照本政策的约定处理您的个人信息的。如接收方变更原先的处理目的和方式的，其应当依法重新取得您的授权同意（
适用
的数据保护
法律
另有
规定的
除外）。
5
除非依法取得您的同意
，
或者根据法律法规的规定所为
，
我们不会在除本政策述明的情况以外转让或者公开披露您的个人信息
。
6
您应当理解，您在使用微博服务过程中，可以向特定的人发送照片、身份信息、位置信息等个人信息，也可以基于我们的服务向不特定人共享自己的照片、位置信息、身份信息等个人信息。您因为这些主动共享、披露行为导致您个人信息被他人知晓的，我们不承担相关责任。
四、
我们如何保护您的个人信息
1
我们将尽一切合理努力保护我们获得的您的个人信息，并由专门的数据安全部门对个人信息进行保护，防止您的个人信息在意外的、未经授权的情况下被非法访问、复制、修改、传送、遗失、破坏、处理或使用。
目前，微博已通过了国家网络安全等级保护（三级）的测评和备案，在信息安全方面已达到国内权威认证标准的要求，并已获得了相应的认证。
2
我们采取以下技术措施来保护您的个人信息：
2.1
我们的网络服务采取了传输层安全协议等加密技术，通过
https
等方式提供浏览服务，确保用户个人信息在传输过程中的安全；
2.2
通过采取加密技术对用户个人信息进行加密保存，并通过隔离技术进行隔离；
2.3
在个人信息使用时，例如个人信息展示、个人信息关联计算时，我们会采用包括内容替换、加密脱敏等多种数据脱敏技术增强个人信息在使用中的安全性；
2.4
设立严格的数据使用和访问制度，采用严格的数据访问权限控制和多重身份认证技术保护个人信息，避免您的个人信息被违规使用；以及
2.5
采取专门的数据和技术安全审计，设立日志审计和行为审计多项措施。
3
此外，我们还采取了以下的其他措施来保护您的个人信息：
3.1
通过建立数据分类分级制度、数据安全管理规范、数据安全开发规范来管理规范个人信息的存储和使用；
3.2
建立数据安全专项部门，负责安全应急响应组织，来推进和保障个人信息安全；
3.3
加强员工个人信息保护安全意识。我们还会举办安全和隐私保护培训课程，加强员工对于保护个人信息重要性的认识；以及
3.4
适用的数据保护法律明确要求采取的其他个人信息保护措施。
4
尽管已经采取了上述合理有效措施，并已经遵守了相关法律规定要求的标准，但我们仍然无法保证您的个人信息通过不安全途径进行交流时的安全性。因此，您应采取积极措施保证个人信息的安全，例如定期修改账号密码，不将自己的账号密码等个人信息透露给他人。
5
网络环境中始终存在各种信息泄漏的风险，当出现意外事件、不可抗力等情形导致您的信息出现泄漏时，我们将极力控制局面，及时告知您事件起因、我们采取的安全措施、您可以主动采取的安全措施等相关信息。我们会制定应急处理预案，并在发生用户信息安全事件时立即启动应急预案，努力阻止这些安全事件的影响和后果扩大。一旦发生用户信息安全事件后，我们将按照法律法规的要求，及时向您告知：安全事件的基本情况和可能的影响、我们已经采取或将要采取的处置措施、您可自主防范和降低风险的建议、对您的补救措施。我们将及时将事件相关情况以推送通知、邮件、信函、短信及相关形式告知您，难以逐一告知时，我们会采取合理、有效的方式发布公告。同时，我们还将按照相关监管部门要求，上报用户信息安全事件的处置情况。
6
请您理解，我们提供的个人信息保护措施仅适用于微博。一旦您离开微博，浏览或使用其他网站、服务及内容资源，我们即没有能力及义务保护您在微博以外的网站提交的任何个人信息，无论您登录或浏览上述网站是否基于微博的链接或引导。
五、
我们如何存储您的个人信息
1
存储地点
我们依照适用的数据保护法律的规定，将境内收集的您的个人信息存储于中华人民共和国境内。目前，我们不会将您的个人信息在跨境业务中使用、储存、共享和披露，或将您的个人信息传输至境外。
2
如果今后的业务发生变更，我们可能需要将您的个人信息传输至其他国家或地区。这些国家或地区可能设有不同的数据保护法，甚至未设立相关法律。
在这种情况下，我们将会依据相关适用的数据保护法律的规定，确保您的个人信息得到与境内同等水平的保护，向您告知必要事项，依法落实相应的合规手续，并征求您的单独同意（适用的数据保护法律另有规定的除外）。
3
存储时间
我们仅在本政策所述目的所必需的期间和法律法规及监管规定要求的时限内保留您的个人信息。我们将会按照适用的数据保护法律规定的期限保存您的个人信息。超出法定保存期限后，我们会将您的个人信息删除或做匿名化处理。
六、
您的个人信息主体权利
我们非常重视您对个人信息的管理，并尽全力保障您对于
个人信息的访问、更正、删除、撤回同意以及其他法定权利
，使您拥有充分的能力维护您的隐私和个人信息安全。
1
访问、修改、复制、删除您的个人信息
1.1
当您完成微博的账号注册后，您可以随时访问、修改、复制您的个人信息。
1.2
发生以下情形，您可以向我们提出删除个人信息的请求：
1.2.1
如果我们处理个人信息的行为违反法律法规；
1.2.2
如果我们处理个人信息的行为违反了与您的约定；
1.2.3
如果我们终止微博的运营及服务，或者您撤回您的授权同意；
1.2.4
法律、行政法规规定的其他情形。
若我们决定响应您的删除请求，我们还将同时尽可能通知从我们处获得您个人信息的第三方，要求其及时删除，除非法律法规另有规定或这些第三方已获得您的独立授权。
1.3
对难以直接在客户端访问、修改、复制、删除的个人信息，或者行使其他法定权利，您也可以通过本政策提供的联系方式，将相关申请提交给我们。
2
撤回同意
微博中特定的业务功能将需要基于您授权同意提供的信息或者开启的设备权限才能得以完成，您可以通过关闭相应业务功能的方式撤回该等同意。当您撤回同意后，我们无法继续为您提供对应的功能，也不再处理您相应的个人信息。但您撤回同意的决定，不会影响我们此前基于您的授权而开展的个人信息处理。
3
注销账号
您可以在微博客户端【我】-【设置】-【账号与安全】-【注销账号】进行账号注销，有关注销的流程和内容，请参见注销账号页面《注销须知》和《重要提醒》。
请您理解，注销账号是不可恢复的操作。鉴于我们采用统一账号体系，一旦您注销您的账号，我们将删除有关您账号的一切信息（包括您使用同一账号登录的我们以及关联方提供的其他应用中的信息），但法律法规另有规定的除外。您也无法通过已注销的账号重新获得微博及其他应用的相关服务。
4
响应您的请求
4.1
为保障安全，我们会在验证您身份后及时处理您的请求。对于无端重复、需要过多技术手段（例如，需要开发新系统或从根本上改变现行惯例）、给他人合法权益带来风险或者非常不切实际的请求，我们可能会予以拒绝。如存在以下情形之一时，我们可能无法响应您的请求：
4.1.1
与我们履行法律法规规定的义务相关的；
4.1.2
与国家安全、国防安全直接相关的；
4.1.3
与公共安全、公共卫生、重大公共利益直接相关的；
4.1.4
与刑事侦查、起诉、审判和执行判决等直接相关的；
4.1.5
我们有充分证据表明您存在主观恶意或滥用权利的；
4.1.6
出于维护您或他人的生命、财产等重大合法权益又很难得到本人授权同意的；
4.1.7
响应您的请求将导致您或他人、组织的合法权益受到严重损害的；
4.1.8
涉及商业秘密的。
5
如果我们终止服务或运营，我们会至少提前三十日向您通知，并在终止服务或运营后对您的个人信息进行删除或匿名化处理。
七、
我们如何收集和处理未成年人的个人信息
1
若您是未满18周岁的未成年人，在使用微博前，应在您的父母（或其他监护人）监护、指导下共同阅读并决定是否同意本政策，我们根据国家相关法律法规的规定保护未成年人的个人信息。
2
如果您是未满14周岁且希望使用微博的儿童，请您告知您的家长（或其他监护人）以及前往微博中的“青少年模式”详细了解《
微博儿童个人信息保护政策
》，我们需要在您开始使用微博前取得您的家长（或其他监护人）的明示同意。
八、
本政策的更新
1
为给您提供更好的服务以及随着我们业务的发展，本政策也会随之更新。对于重大变更，我们还会提供更为显著的通知（我们会通过包括但不限于邮件、短信、私信或在浏览页面做特别提示等方式，说明本政策的具体变更内容）。
本政策所指的重大变更包括但不限于：
1.1
我们的服务模式发生重大变化。如处理个人信息的目的、处理的个人信息类型、个人信息的使用方式等；
1.2
我们在所有权结构、组织架构等方面发生重大变化，导致实际收集和处理您的个人信息的主体发生变化，如业务调整、破产并购等引起的所有者变更等；
1.3
个人信息共享、转让或公开披露的主要对象发生变化；
1.4
您参与个人信息处理方面的权利及其行使方式发生重大变化；
1.5
我们负责处理个人信息安全的责任部门、联络方式及投诉渠道发生变化时；
1.6
个人信息安全影响评估报告表明存在高风险时。
2
我们会在网站、客户端（设置-“关于微博”）上发出更新版本，并在生效前通过网站公告或其他适当方式提醒您相关内容的更新，以便您及时了解最新版本的本政策。
您同意并继续使用微博，即意味着您同意本政策（含更新版本）的内容。
九、
如何联系我们
如您对于本政策或相关事宜有任何问题，特别是认为我们的个人信息处理行为损害了您的合法权益，您可随时通过以下方式与我们取得联系。
我们将尽快审核所涉问题，并按照适用的数据保护法律的要求和期限及时予以回复。
客服热线：
400-096-0960
在线客服：
@
微博客服，私信联系微博客服
常用办公地址：北京市海淀区西北旺东路
10
号院西区
8
号楼新浪总部大厦
Sub-policy 3
http://cache.amap.com/h5/h5/publish/238/index.html:
高德隐私权政策
生效日期：
2024
年
12
月
31
日
更新日期：
2024
年
12
月
24
日
欢迎您使用我们的产品和服务！我们深知个人信息对您的重要性，您的信赖对我们非常重要，我们将严格遵守法律法规要求采取相应的安全保护措施，致力于保护您的个人信息安全可控。基于此，高德（或简称“
我们
”）制定本《高德隐私权政策》（下称“本政策”
/“
本隐私政策
”
），帮助您充分了解在您使用我们产品和服务的过程中，我们会如何收集、使用、共享、存储和保护您的个人信息以及您可以如何管理您的个人信息，以便您更好地作出适当的选择。
在您开始使用我们的产品和服务前，请您务必先仔细阅读和理解本政策，特别应重点阅读我们以
粗体
/
粗体下划线
标识的条款，确保您充分理解和同意之后再开始使用。
除本政策外，在特定场景下，我们还会通过即时告知（含消息、公告等）、功能更新说明等方式，向您说明对应的信息收集目的、范围及使用方式，这些即时告知及功能更新说明等构成本政策的一部分，并与本政策具有同等效力。
本政策中涉及的专业词汇，我们尽量以简明通俗的表述向您解释，以便于您理解。
如对本政策内容有任何疑问、意见或建议，您可通过本政策文末的联系方式与我们联系。
根据《常见类型移动互联网应用程序必要个人信息范围规定》，高德地图为地图导航类应用，基本功能为定位和导航，为实现基本功能所需要处理的必要个人信息为位置信息、出发地、到达地。如您同意本隐私政策，仅代表同意使用基本功能时处理相关个人信息，如您使用高德地图其他扩展功能，我们会在您使用具体扩展功能时另行征求您的同意。
本隐私政策将帮助您了解以下内容：
一、本隐私政策的适用范围
二、我们如何收集和使用您的个人信息
三、数据使用过程中涉及的合作方及转移、公开个人信息
、运营主体变更
四、您的权利
五、信息的存储
六、适用法律与争议解决
七、政策的更新
八、未成年人保护
九、联系我们
附录：相关定义
一、本隐私政策的适用范围
本政策适用于高德以网站、应用程序、小程序、应用程序编程接口（
API
）
/
软件开发工具包（
SDK
）及其后台系统、操作系统以及随技术发展出现的新形态向您提供的各项产品和服务，以及包含前述产品和服务的硬件终端（包括但不限于手机、手表、车载导航仪、智能后视镜、智能车盒、智能三角警告牌等，下称“高德产品和服务”）。
我们及关联方就其向您提供的产品或服务单独设有隐私政策的，则相应产品或服务适用相应隐私政策。我们及关联方就其向您提供的产品或服务未单独设有隐私政策的，则本政策同样适用该部分产品或服务。
您具体获得的高德产品和服务的内容可能因为您使用的软件版本、搭载设备及服务国家和地区不同而有所差异，如果在部分版本、搭载设备（如高德地图车机版，高德地图车镜版）或国家和地区中不涵盖某些服务内容或未提供特定功能，本隐私政策条款中涉及到上述服务
/
功能及相关个人信息的内容将不适用。
除本政策说明的相关信息收集使用活动外，本政策不适用于其他第三方向您提供的产品和服务。
当您通过高德产品或服务使用第三方提供的产品和服务时，您的信息应当适用第三方的个人信息收集使用规则，我们会在具体服务页面明确告知您产品和服务由特定第三方提供，并强烈建议您在使用上述第三方产品和服务（特别是与个人信息相关的服务）前先行了解、确认产品和服务提供方的隐私保护情况。
二、我们如何收集和使用您的个人信息
为实现向您提供高德产品和服务的基本功能及履行法律法规规定的义务，您须授权我们收集、使用的必要信息；
如您拒绝提供必要信息，您将无法正常使用高德产品和服务
。为了您使用基本功能获得更好的服务质量和效果，您可选择单独同意或不同意我们收集、使用的非必要信息；
如您拒绝提供，您将无法达到我们拟达到的功能效果，不会导致您无法使用我们的基本功能。
我们收集和使用您个人信息的基本功能场景具体如下：
（一）
地图、定位和导航
1
、定位和导航
若您使用我们提供基于位置提供的相关服务，我们会收集和处理您的动态位置信息、设备信息（如
IP
地址、
GNSS
信息，基站信息、
WiFi
状态、
WiFi
参数、
WiFi
列表、
SSID
、
BSSID
、信号强度信息，蓝牙信息、传感器信息（矢量、地磁、加速度、陀螺、方向、光敏、压力、重力、计步、台阶检测）、设备信号强度信息）进行定位。
（
1
）若您使用驾车、新能源、货车、摩托车、骑行、步行、跑步、公交地铁、探路、电子狗、巡航、停车记录等导航和路线规划相关服务，我们会收集您的起终点位置、规划线路和位置信息，此类信息为必要信息。
（
2
）若您使用定位服务，
我们会收集您的
设备信息、
动态位置信息和其他服务日志信息，前述信息均为必要信息。
（
3
）为了向您和其他高德用户提供实时路况、路况预测和智能交通信息服务，例如红绿灯倒计时、路况提示、绿波导航等，我们会使用您和其他高德用户的位置信息进行数据统计和分析，并基于此对交通信息和状况作判断供您出行决策参考。
（
4
）若您在导航中使用听歌功能并登录第三方账号，高德将从第三方获取您的第三方账号头像、昵称、会员身份、个人歌单及音乐内容（如收藏、最近播放、个性推荐歌曲），此类信息为非必要信息。
您使用位置相关服务需开启设备位置权限，步行导航另需开启
存储、相机权限，语音交互另需开启麦克风权限
。
您可以通过系统授权关闭相关权限，但您可能将无法获得相关服务或功能，或者无法达到相关服务拟达到的效果
。
2
、浏览和信息展示
（
1
）
若您基于位置浏览地图、附近、周边，分类频道、分类榜单的
地图兴趣点信息和生活服务信息，我们会收集您的位置信息、浏览信息、点击信息
、设备信息（设备标识符（
Android ID
、
OAID
、
Harmony OAID
、
IDFA
、
OpenUDID
）、设备参数及系统信息）和其他服务日志信息，
此类信息为必要信息。
（
2
）若您使用收藏夹功能时，您无需登录高德账号即可使用默认收藏夹收藏地点；若您想要自行创建收藏夹收藏或创建地点、指南、路线、图文和地图，需要登录高德账号，我们会收集您记录和发布的
文字、图片、
位置
等收藏夹信息和其他服务日志信息，
此类信息为必要信息
。我们
经您同意后公开展示您的收藏夹信息、昵称和头像，作为高德指南向其他高德用户推荐。如您通过照片选点方式添加收藏地点，您需要授权相册权限，我们会获取您选中照片的拍摄位置（但不会保存照片信息）
，
此类信息为非必要信息。
3
、搜索
若您使用搜索服务，
我们的服务器会自动记录您的活动信息，包括您手动输入的搜索关键词信息、通过唤醒词唤醒语音交互后的语音输入信息、搜索记录、位置信息、浏览的信息和点击的信息、
设备信息（设备标识符
Android ID
、
OAID
、
Harmony OAID
、
IDFAUDID
、
OpenUDID
）和其他服务日志信息
。
您使用语音交互搜索服务需开启设备麦克风权限
。
您可以通过系统授权关闭相关权限，但您可能将无法获得相关服务或功能，或者无法达到相关服务拟达到的效果
。
4
、地图信息和数据共建
在您使用高德产品和服务过程中，您可以对您发现的地图信息和数据更新情报、高德产品和服务中存在的错误或问题向我们提交反馈，以便我们提升地图数据的丰富性和准确性，您登录高德账号后可以就地点新增、地点错误、道路不通、路况信息等向我们反馈，
我们会收集您的反馈记录
（如图文信息、
语音信息、位置信息
、手机号及不同类型反馈问题所需的其他信息
，此类信息为必要信息
。
您可以授权相机、照片和视频（存储）权限，如相机或照片包含定位权限，您上传的图片信息将包含您的位置信息，您可通过手机系统关闭对手机相机或照片定位权限
及您使用上述功能产生的服务日志信息。
我们还会基于您的位置信息、收藏地点、搜索记录、导航信息向您推送待反馈信息，邀请您为更多用户分享贡献地图信息和数据。
（二）消息通知
1
、消息通知
为了向您进行消息告知、身份验证、安全验证、用户使用体验调研、争议处理，或为了向您提供您可能感兴趣的服务、功能或活动等商业性信息，我们（或委托第三方）可能会使用您在注册、登录或绑定环节或参与问卷收集的手机号、邮箱以短信、电话（包括智能外呼）、邮件，或通过高德产品和服务的消息、通知、公告等功能向您发送相关信息。
您可以通过“我的”
-“
设置
”-“
关于高德地图
”-“
隐私管理
”
取消授权我们向您提供商业性信息，或通过
手机短信中提供的退订方式或
与我们联系
进行退订
；您可以通过弹窗页面上的“跳过”或相关按钮关闭弹窗推送信息；您也可以在您的设备“设置”中选择开启
/
关闭高德地图的通知权限，或通过“我的”
-“
设置
”-“
推送通知设置
”
进行消息通知设置。此外，对于您在“消息”中收到功能消息，您可以进入相应消息页面进行免打扰设置。
2
、
分享和其他
（
1
）您可以基于我们的分享功能组件
与他人、社交网络分享您的或您收藏或您标记的位置、路线、地图和信息
。
为了向您提供上述功能，我们会收集您的分享历史、分享关系
及其他服务日志信息
。
（
2
）在您使用分享口令功能时，您的剪切板功能会被调用，您可通过“设置”
-“
关于高德地图
”-“
隐私设置
”
关闭剪切板使用设置（关闭后，将无法正常使用口令功能）。
（
3
）当您使用“摇一摇”功能时，我们会调用设备的加速度传感器，以识别判断设备是否摇动。请您理解，单独的设备传感器数据不涉及任何个人位置信息且无法与其他信息结合用于识别特定自然人的身份。
（
4
）
如您在高德产品和服务中发布或分享的信息包含他人的个人信息甚至敏感个人信息您需在发布或分享前征得权利人的同意；您公开发布的信息中涉及儿童个人信息的，还需取得儿童监护人同意。前述情形下相关权利人或儿童监护人有权联系我们，要求更正或删除涉及其自身或其监护儿童个人信息的内容。
（三）客服服务
1
、当您与我们联系或就您使用高德产品和服务有关问题进行咨询、投诉、举报或申请售中、售后、争议纠纷处理时，为了保障您的账户及系统安全，
我们需要您提供必要的个人信息（如手机号、昵称、邮箱、历史记录，具体需要我们处理的问题类型存在差别）以核验您的用户身份，同时，为了帮您核查问题，我们会使用您的账号信息、订单信息或服务记录信息。
2
、为便于与您联系、尽快帮助您解决问题或记录相关问题的处理方案及结果，我们
（或委托第三方）
可能会保存您与我们的沟通、通信
/
通话记录及相关内容（包括账户信息、订单信息、您为了证明相关事实提供的其他信息，或您留下的联系方式信息）。
3
、为了提供服务及改进服务质量的合理需要，我们（或委托第三方）可能通过您注册、登录或使用高德产品和服务时绑定的手机号主动与您联系，我们还可能使用您的其他信息，包括：软件运行界面、
您使用高德产品和服务的活动记录、
您与客服联系时提供的相关信息，您参与问卷调查时向我们发送的问卷答复信息。
（四）安全保障服务
为履行法律规定的安全保障义务，维护和提高您使用我们及我们关联方、合作伙伴提供产品和服务的安全性，并保护您或其他用户或公众的人身安全、财产安全、账号安全、电子商务交易安全，更好地预防钓鱼网站、欺诈诈骗、网络漏洞、计算机病毒、网络攻击、网络侵入、恶意程序等安全风险，更好的监测识别涉诈异常账号，更准确地识别违反法律法规或高德产品和服务相关协议和规则情况
，我们需要收集您的设备信息包括
设备标识符（
IDFA
、
Android ID
、
OAID
、
Harmony OAID
、
OpenUDID
）、应用信息（应用崩溃信息、通知开关状态、本应用运行中的进程及其他本应用相关信息）、设备参数及系统信息（设备类型、设备型号、操作系统及硬件相关信息），设备网络环境信息（
IP
地址及其他网络相关信息）、重力传感器信息、运营商信息
，同时可能使用或整合您的账号信息、服务日志信息，并可能使用或关联整合我们、我们的关联方以及合作伙伴取得您授权或依据法律共享的信息，来综合判断您账户及交易风险、进行身份验证、识别违法违规情况、检测及防范安全事件，并依法采取必要的记录、审计、分析、处置措施。
（五）设备权限调用
1
、高德在提供服务过程中，
会调用您的一些设备权限，具体调用的权限以您使用的具体功能和服务所需以及您实际开启的设备权限位置。您可以在设备的设置功能或
“
隐私设置
”
中查看权限状态，并可自行选择开启或关闭部分或全部权限。请您注意，您开启任一权限即代表您授权我们可以收集和使用相关个人信息来为您提供对应服务，您一旦关闭任一权限即代表您取消了授权，我们将不再基于对应权限继续收集和使用相关个人信息，也无法为您提供该权限所对应的服务。但是，您关闭权限的决定不会影响此前基于您的授权所进行的信息收集及使用。
2
、在不同设备中，权限显示方式及关闭方式有所不同，请您参照设备或系统开发说明与指引。
您的设备系统可能会在必要信息授权的同时开放其他权限，高德自身无法通过手动或自动设置关闭授权。
您可
点击此处
查看应用申请与使用情况说明。
（六）
Cookie
和
同类
技术的服务
Cookie
和同类设备信息标识技术是互联网中普遍使用的技术。当您使用我们的服务时，我们可能会使用相关技术向您的设备发送一个或多个
Cookie
或匿名标识符（以下简称“
Cookie
”），以收集、标识和存储您访问、使用本产品时的信息。我们承诺，不会将
Cookie
用于本隐私政策所述目的之外的任何其他用途。我们使用
Cookie
主要为了保障产品与服务的安全、高效运转，可以使我们确认您账户与交易的安全状态，排查崩溃、延迟的相关异常情况，帮助您省去重复您填写表单、输入搜索内容的步骤和流程。
同时，我们可能会利用
Cookie
向您展示您可能感兴趣的信息或功能，进行数据分析，并优化您对广告的选择，改善产品服务及用户体验。大多数浏览器均为用户提供了清除浏览器缓存数据的功能，您可以进行相应的数据清除操作，或可修改对
Cookie
的接受程度或拒绝我们的
Cookie
。您可能因为这些修改，无法使用依赖于
Cookie
的服务或相应功能。
（七）信息的汇聚融合、个性化推荐、自动化决策和数据分析
1
、 您同意我们将通过我们自身或受托方技术，对您在使用高德产品和服务过程中合法收集的设备信息（备标识符（
IDFA
、
Android ID
、
OAID
、
Harmony OAID
、
OpenUDID
）、设备参数及系统信息（设备类型、设备型号、操作系统及硬件相关信息），设备网络环境信息（
IP
地址，
WiFi
信息，
SSID
、
BSSID
、蓝牙信息、基站信息及其他网络相关信息）、运营商信息）或其他取得您授权的信息进行汇聚融合、识别分析或进一步加工，
预测并形成多种类及不同颗粒度的能够反映您的行为习惯和兴趣爱好的特征信息（下称“特征信息”）。在确保个人信息均处于同一业务实体的控制之下且不改变数据安全保证能力和管理水平的情况下，为给您提供一致化的体验，我们可能会将不同设备、不同高德产品和服务中合法收集的信息进行关联和汇聚，包括将您的设备信息或电话号码与您的高德账号信息相关联。此类汇聚融合的信息不包含可以直接识别您个人身份的信息，我们会保障信息在汇聚融合后的安全处理。
上述信息会用于如下目的和场景：
（1）用于自动化决策，向您推送个性化展示信息和
/
或商业营销信息，例如向您展示或推送可能感兴趣或相关度更高的内容（包括部分搜索结果），对展示的内容进行排序。
如您对我们的信息展示或广告内容不感兴趣，您可以点击
“
我的
”-“
设置
”-“
关于高德地图
”-“
隐私设置
”
关闭个性化推荐或个性化广告推荐。您理解，不同设备上的关闭路径可能有所差异，若您无法找到关闭按钮，您可以通过人工客服方式与我们联系。
如在使用我们提供的站内搜索服务时，需要查看不针对其个人特征的排序，可以在搜索结果页面点击“推荐排序”，选择其中的“距离优先”、“好评优先”等进行设置。
您可以通过
高德算法原理说明
了解更多个性化推荐和自动化决策信息处理情况。
（
2
）对上述信息进行去标识化后的研究、统计分析、预测、大数据计算等，用于帮助评估、改善、设计我们提供的各类产品和服务，以便我们提供更加准确、个性及便捷的服务，或为商业决策提供产品和服务支撑及开展运营活动等；
（
3
）按照业内领先的去标识化、匿名化、假名化等数据安全技术，以及基于情况使用联邦学习、安全多方计算、机密计算等隐私保护计算技术，在无法识别特定个人的前提下，对我们所收集的数据进行分析挖掘和处理，我们将采取技术措施和其他必要措施进行处理，以无法识别或反推个人信息的形式对数据进行聚合性、匿名性的群体性分析与研究，也可能将数据用于机器学习或算法模型训练，并提供数据技术服务，例如：
帮助优化广告投放营销效果、辅助商业决策分析、开展商业选址分析、开展智慧交通数据分析和辅助交通管理决策等。
收集和使用个人信息的其他规则：
为实现向您提供
高德产品和服务
的扩展功能，您可选择单独同意或不同意我们收集、使用的信息。
如您拒绝提供，您将无法正常使用相关扩展功能或无法达到我们拟达到的功能效果，不会影响您使用我们的基本功能。若您使用扩展功能，您需要登录高德账号。扩展功能个人信息处理规则详见本政策附录二。
请您理解，我们向您提供的服务是不断更新和发展的。如您选择使用了前述说明当中尚未涵盖的其他服务，基于该服务我们需要收集您的信息的，我们会通过页面提示、交互流程、协议约定的方式另行向您说明信息收集的范围与目的，并征得您的同意。
我们在此特别提醒您：我们致力于打造多样的产品和服务以满足您的需求。
因我们向您提供的产品和服务种类众多，且不同用户选择使用的具体产品
/
服务范围存在差异，故基本
/
扩展功能及对应收集使用的个人信息类型、范围会有所区别，详见具体的产品
/
服务功能。
针对我们在上述各项具体功能场景下收集和使用的您的个人信息，您可通过“我的”
-“
设置
”
查看我们的个人信息收集清单。
三、数据使用过程中涉及的合作方及转移、公开个人信息
、运营主体变更
（一）数据使用过程中涉及的合作方
1
、基本原则
我们与合作方合作时，将遵守以下原则：
（
1
）
合法正当与最小必要原则：
数据处理应当具有合法性基础，具有正当的目的，并以实现处理目的最小范围为限。
（
2
）
用户知情权与决定权最大化原则：
数据处理过程中充分尊重用户对其个人信息处理享有的知情权与决定权。
（
3
）
安全保障能力最强化原则：
我们将采取必要措施保障所处理个人信息的安全，审慎评估合作方使用数据的目的，对这些合作方的安全保障能力进行综合评估，并要求其遵循合作协议的有关要求。
2
、委托处理
我们可能委托授权合作方处理您的个人信息，以便授权合作方代表我们为您提供某些服务或履行职能。我们仅会出于本政策声明的合法、正当、必要、特定、明确的目的委托其处理您的信息，授权合作方只能接触到其履行职责所需信息，且我们将会通过协议要求其不得将此信息用于其他任何超出委托范围的目的。如果授权合作方将您的信息用于我们未委托的用途，其将单独征得您的同意。
3
、共同处理
对于共同处理个人信息的场景，我们会与合作方根据法律规定签署相关协议并约定各自的权利和义务，确保在使用相关个人信息的过程中遵守法律的相关规定、保护数据安全。
4
、合作场景
（
1
）信息服务
高德地图为您打造了丰富的出行及生活等信息服务，当您在订购
/
咨询
/
使用的商品及
/
或服务由第三方提供时，
为了保证第三方向您提供产品及
/
或服务所确需，我们会向第三方提供您
（或实际使用人）的姓名、手机号、
身份信息（部分场景涉及）、订单信息、位置信息、咨询服务相关浏览记录信息（如咨询的楼盘、房型、车型、拟咨询地点的位置信息等）等。
当您需要基于订购的具体商品及
/
或服务开具发票时，如您订购的具体商品及
/
或服务由第三方提供发票，我们将向该服务提供方提供您的开票信息（发票抬头类型、发票抬头、税号、日期、手机号、邮箱地址、收件人、订单信息），如果您需要开具纸质发票，您还需向其提供收件人、手机号、配送地址信息。
（
2
）广告和分析服务
A.
广告推送与投放服务
：为了实现广告、推广及相关分析服务，并优化与提升广告与推广的有效触达率，我们会向广告主或推广方，或提供相关分析服务的合作方提供您的去标识化或匿名化后的
OAID
、
IDFA
、
位置信息和标签信息。
B.
统计分析服务：为了
用于分析、衡量、提升广告与推广服务的有效性，我们会向广告主或推广方，或提供相关分析服务的合作方（如秒针）提供您的
OAID
、
IDFA
、
广告的点击信息、浏览信息
、展示以及转化数据等信息
。
（
3
）安全与统计分析
A.
保障使用安全：
为提高您使用我们及我们关联方、合作伙伴提供服务的安全性，保护您或其他用户或公众的人身安全、财产安全、账号安全、交易安全，更好地预防钓鱼网站、欺诈、网络漏洞、计算机病毒、网络攻击、网络侵入、恶意程序等安全风险，更好的监测识别涉诈异常账号，更准确地识别违反法律法规或高德产品和服务相关协议和规则情况
，我们的合作方可能会使用必要
的账号信息
、
会员信息、
交易信息、
设备信息（设备标识符（
IDFA
、
Android ID
、
OAID
、
Harmony OAID
、
OpenUDID
）、应用信息（应用崩溃信息、通知开关状态、本应用运行中的进程及其他本应用相关信息）、设备参数及系统信息（设备类型、设备型号、操作系统及硬件相关信息），设备网络环境信息（
IP
地址及其他网络相关信息）、重力传感器信息、运营商信息）、
位置信息
和其他服务日志信息。
为确保用户账号安全，在我们识别出您注册、登录账号所使用的手机号码存在二次放号风险时，我们会将您的手机号码、手机号注册或绑定的时间提供给通信运营商做二次放号查验，以保障您的账号安全。
B.
分析产品情况：
为分析高德产品及
/
或服务的稳定性，提供分析服务的合作方可能需要使用服务情况、设备标识信息、应用总体安装使用情况等信息。
C.
学术科研：
为提升相关领域的科研能力，促进科技发展水平，我们在确保数据安全与目的正当的前提下，可能会与合作方（如科研院所、高校等机构）使用去标识化或匿名化的数据。
（
4
）其他第三方服务
如果您使用征信机构（如百行征信、朴道征信等）、金融机构或其他机构的服务而授权其向第三方查询您的信息时，我们会基于您的前述授权同意与本政策，对您的特征信息进行综合统计、分析或加工处理并将数据处理结果提供给前述机构。请注意，我们不会提供您的原始信息而仅会提供上述数据处理结果。如您需要取消授权，您可以联系您授权的机构或联系我们处理。
（
5
）第三方
SDK
为保障高德产品和服务的稳定运行、功能实现，使您能够使用和享受更多的服务及功能，我们的产品和服务中会嵌入授权合作伙伴的
SDK
或其他类似的应用程序。我们会对授权合作伙伴获取有关信息的应用程序接口（
API
）、软件工具开发包（
SDK
）进行严格的安全检测，并与授权合作伙伴约定严格的数据保护措施，令其按照本政策以及其他任何相关的保密和安全措施来处理个人信息。
您可
点击此处
查看我们接入的SDK详情，其中
点击此处
查看高德地图车机版接入的SDK详情。
（
6
）其他合作场景
除上述合作场景外，我们将信息委托给支持我们业务的供应商、服务提供商和其他合作伙伴处理，这些支持包括受我们委托提供的技术基础设施服务、分析我们服务的使用方式、提供客户分析与统计、提供客户服务和调查。
您可
点击此处
查看我们的数据合作方情况说明。
（二）转移、运营主体变更
随着业务的持续发展，我们可能会因为合并、分立、收购、重组、资产转让或类似交易和经营调整等原因转移您的个人信息。在发生前述变更时，我们会通知或以公告形式您告知接收方的名称或者姓名和联系方式，并按照法律法规及不低于本隐私政策所载明的安全标准要求接收方保护您的个人信息，接收方变更原先的处理目的、处理方式的，我们将要求接收方重新征得您的授权同意。
（三）公开披露
我们仅会在以下情况下，公开披露您的个人信息：
1
、基于您的主动选择及其他单独同意的情况下，我们可能会公开披露您的个人信息；
2
、如果我们确定您出现违反法律法规或严重违反高德相关协议及规则的情况，或为保护高德用户或公众的人身财产安全免遭侵害，我们可能披露关于您的个人信息
，包括相关违规行为以及高德已对您采取的措施。
（四）停止运营
如果我们停止运营产品及
/
或服务，将及时停止继续收集您的个人信息。我们会送达通知或以公告的形式向您发送停止运营的告知，并对我们所持有的与已关停的产品及
/
或服务相关的个人信息进行删除或匿名化处理。
（五）依法豁免征得您的授权同意的情形
请您理解，在下列情形中，根据法律法规及国家标准，合作方使用，或我们转移、公开您的个人信息无需征得您的授权同意：
1
、根据您的要求订立或履行合同所必需：当您选择使用或订购由第三方提供的商品或服务时，为了顺利为您完成预订服务、售后服务以及保障服务安全，我们将基于服务所必需向服务提供方提供您的个人信息。
2
、为履行法定职责或法定义务所必需：我们可能会根据法律法规规定、诉讼、争议解决的必要，或按行政、司法机关依法提出的要求，以及其他法定义务履行的必需，共享您的个人信息。
3
、
为应对突发公共卫生事件，或者紧急情况下为保护自然人的生命健康和财产安全所必需。
4
、
为公共利益实施新闻报道、舆论监督等行为，在合理的范围内处理个人信息。
5
、
在合理的范围内处理您自行公开的个人信息，或者其他已经合法公开的个人信息（如合法的新闻报道、政府信息公开等渠道合法公开的个人信息）。
6
、
法律法规规定的其他情形。
四、您的权利
您可以通过以下方式查阅和管理您的信息，
我们会在符合法律法规要求的情形下响应您的请求
：
（一）查阅、更正和补充
除法律法规规定的例外情况，无论您何时使用我们的服务，我们都会力求让您顺利访问自己的个人信息
。您可以通过如下方式或产品其他功能行使您的查询、更正和补充权利：
1
、账户信息
：登录高德地图，点击“我的”
-
“头像”
/“
主页
”-“
编辑资料
”
，可查询、修改或补充您的个人资料；点击“我的”
-
“设置”
-
“账号与安全”设置、更改您的密码。
2
、使用信息
：您可以在高德产品和服务中查阅或清除您的搜索记录、导航记录及历史轨迹。如在高德地图
APP-“
我的
”-
“主页”
-“
足迹人生
”
看到您的相关信息。
3
、订单信息
：您可以在高德产品和服务中查阅或清除您的订单记录、交易记录及发票记录。如，打开高德地图
APP-“
我的
”-“
全部订单
”
，您可以查询到您的各个服务订单，由于订单为第三方服务商回传，不能在高德内进行更改。
如您为高德地图车机版登录用户，您可按照如上路径在手机版
高德地图
APP
行使您的查询、更正和补充权利。
对于您无法直接通过上述方式行使您的查询、更正和补充权利，您可以通过本隐私政策第九条联系渠道联系高德。
（二）复制及转移
如您想获取我们所收集的关于您个人基本资料、行程信息的副本，您可以通过本隐私政策第九条联系渠道与我们取得联系，我们将在
15
日内回复您的获取请求。您也可以通过“我的”
-
“设置”
-
“关于高德地图”自行下载个人基本资料。
（三）删除
1
、您可以通过“（一）查阅、更正和补充”或产品其他功能路径主动删除信息行使您的删除权利，或申请注销账户删除您的全部信息。
2
、在以下情形中，您可以通过本隐私政策第九条联系渠道向我们提出删除个人信息的请求：
（
1
）如果我们处理个人信息的行为违反法律法规；
（
2
）如果我们收集、使用您的个人信息，却未征得您的明确同意；
（
3
）如果我们处理个人信息的行为严重违反了与您的约定；
（
4
）如果我们的处理目的已实现、无法实现或者为实现处理目的不再必要；
（
5
）如果我们停止提供产品或者服务，或者保存期限已届满。
若我们决定响应您的删除请求，我们还将同时尽可能通知从我们处获得您的个人信息的主体，并要求其及时删除（除非法律法规另有规定，或这些主体已独立获得您的授权）。
当您或我们协助您删除相关信息后，因为适用的法律和安全技术限制，我们可能无法立即从备份系统中删除相应的信息，我们将安全地存储您的个人信息并限制对其的任何进一步的处理，直到备份可以清除或实现匿名化。
（四）改变授权范围
您可以通过以下方式改变或者撤回您授权我们收集和处理您的个人信息的范围：
1
、在“我的
-
设置
-
账号与安全”中管理授权，解除第三方账号绑定，管理已授权登录的应用。
2
、在
“
我的
-
设置
-
关于高德地图
-
隐私设置
-
系统权限设置
”
中管理
APP
使用的系统权限授权。
3
、通过您所使用的设备系统权限管理页面管理您所使用的系统权限授权。
4
、通过修改个人资料、删除个人信息、关闭功能等方式撤销授权。
5
、在您设备的操作系统
“
设置
”
功能界面，可以选择管理广告标识符
(
如
OAID)
的相关授权；您也可以通过“我的
-
设置
-
关于高德地图
-
隐私管理
-
程序化广告设置“进行设置
。
对于您无法直接通过上述方式改变授权，您可以联系客服进行修改，
但请注意，对于部分类型的个人信息，如是实现高德基本功能所必须的信息或者我们履行法律法规规定的义务所必需的信息，我们可能无法响应您改变授权范围的请求
。当您撤回授权后，我们将不再处理相应的个人信息。但您撤回授权的决定，不会影响我们此前基于您的授权而开展的个人信息处理。
（五）注销账户
如您注册了高德账号，您可以通过以下方式申请注销您的账户：
1
、在
“
我的
-
设置
-
账号与安全
-
账号注销
”
提交账号注销申请（高德地图车机版可通过
“
我的
-
设置
-
其他
-
账号注销
”
）；
2
、联系客服，申请注销您的账户。
为了保护您或他人的合法权益，我们需要在为您注销账号前验证您的身份，并结合您对高德产品的使用情况判断是否支持您的注销申请。
如若您的账号内有通过高德信息服务跳转生成的订单，或您的叫车功能中有尚未支付的订单，或您未与第三方账号解绑或关闭第三方服务，则我们不会立即支持您的请求。
在您主动注销账户之后，我们将停止为您提供产品或服务，并根据适用法律的要求删除或匿名化处理您的个人信息，或停止除存储和采取必要的安全保护措施之外的处理，但法律法规另有规定的除外。
（六）约束信息系统自动决策
在某些业务功能中，我们可能仅依据算法在内的非人工自动决策机制做出决定。如果这些决定影响您的合法权益，您可以通过通过本隐私政策第九条联系渠道联系联系我们。
（七）响应您的上述请求
对于您或可能的您的监护人、近亲属及其他有权主体向我们提出上述请求，以及中华人民共和国法律与其他适用法律规定的您的相关个人信息权利，您可以通过本隐私政策第九条联系渠道联系我们或直接向我们的个人信息保护负责人发起请求。我们将在
15
天内做出答复。
为保障您的账户安全和您的个人信息安全，您向我们提出上述请求时，我们可能会先验证您的身份（如增加账户核验、要求您提供书面请求或其他合理方式），然后再处理您的请求。
对于您合理的请求，我们原则上不收取费用，但对多次重复、超出合理限度的请求，我们将酌情收取一定费用。对于与您的身份不直接关联的信息、无合理理由重复申请的信息，或者需要过多技术手段（如需要开发新系统或从根本上改变现行惯例）、给他人合法权益带来风险或者不切实际的请求，我们可能会予以拒绝。
五、信息的存储
（一）存储期限
我们只会在达成本政策所述目的所需的期限内保留您的个人信息，除非法律有强制的留存要求，如《中华人民共和国网络安全法》要求网络日志留存不少于六个月，《中华人民共和国电子商务法》要求商品和服务信息、交易信息保存时间自交易完成之日起不少于三年。
我们判断个人信息的存储期限主要依据以下标准：
1
、完成与您相关的服务记录，以应对您可能的查询或投诉；
2
、保证我们为您提供服务的安全和质量；
3
、您是否同意更长的留存期间；
4
、根据诉讼时效的相关需要；
5
、是否存在关于保留期限的其他特别约定或法律法规规定。
在超出保留期间后，我们会根据适用法律的要求删除或匿名化处理您的个人信息。
（二）存储地域
原则上，我们在中华人民共和国境内运营中收集和产生的个人信息，将
存储在中国境内
。如您有以下情形下，我们会在履行法律规定的义务后，向可能的境外实体提供您的个人信息：
1
、适用的法律有明确规定；
2
、获得您的单独同意；
3
、为了履行与您订立的合同。
针对以上情形，我们会按照本政策依法保护您的个人信息安全。
（三）安全措施
1
、数据保护技术措施
我们会采取符合业界标准、合理可行的安全防护措施保护您的个人信息，防止个人信息遭到未经授权访问、公开披露、使用、修改、损坏或丢失。例如，我们会使用加密技术提高个人信息的安全性，在您的浏览器与服务器之间交换数据时受
SSL
协议加密保护，我们提供
HTTPS
协议安全浏览方式；我们会使用受信赖的保护机制防止个人信息遭到恶意攻击；我们会部署访问控制机制，尽力确保只有授权人员才可访问个人信息。目前，
我们的重要信息系统已经通过网络安全等级保护的测评和
ISO27001
、
ISO27701
认证。
2
、数据保护管理组织措施
我们建立了行业内先进的以数据为核心、围绕数据生命周期进行的数据安全管理体系，从组织建设、制度设计、人员管理及产品技术的维度提升个人信息的安全性。我们通过培训课程和考试，不断加强员工对于保护个人信息重要性的认识。
（四）个人信息安全事件的响应
如果我们的物理、技术或管理防护设施遭到破坏，导致信息被非授权访问、公开披露、篡改或毁坏，导致您的合法权益受损的，我们会及时启动应急预案，采取合理必要的措施，以尽可能降低对您个人的影响。如发生个人信息安全事件，我们还将按照法律法规的要求向您告知安全事件的基本情况和可能的影响、我们已采取或将要采取的处置措施、您可自主防范和降低风险的建议、对您的补救措施。我们将以短信、电话、推送通知及其他合理渠道告知您，难以逐一告知的，我们会采取合理、有效的方式发布公告。同时，我们还将按照监管部门要求，上报个人信息安全事件的处置情况。
（五）账户安全风险的防范
在使用高德产品和服务时，您不可避免地要向交易或服务相对方披露个人信息，或与第三方建立联系时向其披露个人信息。请您妥善保护自己的个人信息，仅在必要的情形下向他人提供，不轻信通过其他交易工具进行交易，以免信息被窃取甚至遭遇电信网络诈骗。
如您担心自己的个人信息尤其是您的账户或密码发生泄露，请您立即联络
高德
客服
以便我们根据您的申请采取相应措施。您也可以在高德地图
APP
“我的
-
设置
-
账户与安全
”
自主进行“设备管理”。
（六）特别提示
1
、互联网并非绝对安全的环境，电子邮件、信息发布、社交软件、交易平台等与其他用户的交流方式无法
确定是否完全加密，请您在进行交互使用时，注意保护您个人信息的安全。
2
、请您理解，由于计算机及互联网技术的飞速发展及同步速度的限制，可能存在或出现各种恶意或非恶意的攻击手段。
虽然高德持续致力于提升和加强安全措施，以保护您的信息免遭意外或破坏，但仍无法始终保证信息的百分之百安全。
3
、您使用产品或服务时所用的系统和通讯网络，或硬件设备等高德均无法控制，
请您了解并注意保护您的个人信息安全。
4
、您的个人信息经匿名化处理后将形成可以使用及流通的数据，高德对此类数据的保存及处理无需另行通知并征得您的同意。
六、适用法律与争议解决
（一）适用法律
本政策的执行、解释及争议的解决均适
用中华人民共和国法律，且不考虑任何冲突法。
（二）争议解决
您和高德就本政策内容或其执行发生任何争议的，双方应友好协商解决；
如双方无法协商解决争议时，双方同意应将争议提交至被告住所地人民法院裁决。
七、政策的更新
本政策将根据业务模式的调整或更新不定期进行修订，该等修订构成本隐私权政策的一部分。
未经您的明确同意，我们不会削减您按照本隐私权政策所享有的权利。
我们会在主页面或消息通知、产品公告栏或其他适当的方式发布对隐私权政策所做的变更。
如果变更的条款会削减您的权利或增加您的义务（即发生
“
重大变更
”
），我们还会提供更为显著的通知（包括在手机版产品或服务的主页面或消息通知、产品公告栏，网页版产品公告栏）等方式告知您。若您继续使用我们的产品或服务，即表示您同意修订后的隐私政策。
本政策所指的重大变更包括但不限于：
1
、产品的业务模式发生重大变化。如处理个人信息的目的、处理的个人信息类型、个人信息的使用方式；
2
、业务调整、交易并购引起的隐私政策的主体变更，且新主体接收方变更原先的处理目的、处理方式；
3
、个人信息共享或公开披露的主要对象发生变化；
4
、用户个人信息权利及其行使方式发生重大变化；
5
、我们的联络方式及投诉渠道发生变化时；
6
、个人信息保护影响评估报告表明产品存在对个人权益有重大影响时。
我们还会将本政策的历史版本在
专门页面
存档，供您查阅
八、未成年人保护
（一）我们非常重视未成年人的个人信息保护
我们推定您具有相应的民事行为能力。若您是已满
14
周岁未满
18
周岁的未成年人或者因智力、精神健康状况而不具有完全民事行为能力，请在您的法定监护人指导和陪同下共同阅读并同意本隐私政策；若您是未满
14
周岁的未成年人，请您的父母或法定监护人为您阅读并同意本隐私政策。请您及您的法定监护人特别注意未成年人保护内容。
若您是未成年人的父母或其他监护人，请您关注未成年人是否是在取得您的授权同意之后使用我们的服务。
（二）补救措施
1
、如果您未能取得您监护人的同意或您未同意您的被监护人使用我们的服务并向我们提供信息
，
请您或被监护人立即停止使用我们的服务并及时与我们取得联系。
2
、在收到您的书面通知而知晓
，高德在未事先获得监护人同意的情况下收集了未成年的个人信息时，高德会立即停止相关信息收集及使用。
九、联系我们
（一）联系渠道
如果您对本隐私政策有任何疑问、意见或建议，或您在使用高德产品或服务时，就您的个人信息的收集、使用、共享、查询、删除、更正等相关事宜有任何意见或建议，您可以通过如下方式联系我们：
1
、
高德客服电话
：
4008100080
2
、
高德客服邮箱
：
gd.service@autonavi.com
3
、
个人信息保护负责人邮箱：
Personal_Information_Officer@autonavi.com
（仅响应个人信息保护相关问题）
（二）特别提示
1
、高德提醒您
，如您反馈的问题涉及您的个人信息，尤其是您的敏感信息，请您不要直接在电话或邮件中进行透露，我们将会在确保您个人信息安全的情况下与您进一步沟通。
2
、部分情况下
，为保障您个人信息的安全，我们可能需要您提供书面请求，或以其他方式证明您的身份。我们将在收到您的反馈并验证您的身份后
15
日内答复您的相关请求。
（三）其他
1
、
您可以通过如下
途径查询个人信息保护相关的公告内容
：
https://map.amap.com/doc/serviceitem.html
2
、
您可以将您的权利通知及支持性资料发往以下地址：
中国北京市朝阳区望京东园4区4号楼
高德地图总部小邮局
，个人信息保护负责人，邮编
100012
。
附录一：名词解释
高德：
指高德产品和服务的提供者北京高德图强科技有限公司。
关联方：
指现在或将来控制北京高德图强科技有限公司、受其控制或与其处于共同控制之下的任何公司、合法机构以及上述公司、合法机构的合法继承人。“控制”是指（
1
）直接或间接持有过半数的投票权；或（
2
）直接或间接享有过半数的可分配利润；或（
3
）直接或间接控制董事会半数以上成员的组成；或（
4
）直接或间接持有过半数的注册资本。
设备信息：
包括设备标识符（
IDFA
、
Android ID
、
OAID
、
Harmony OAID
、
OpenUDID
）、应用信息（应用崩溃信息、通知开关状态、本应用运行中的进程及其他本应用相关信息）、设备参数及系统信息（设备类型、设备型号、操作系统及硬件相关信息），设备网络环境信息（
IP
地址，
WiFi
信息，
SSID
、
BSSID
、蓝牙信息、基站信息及其他网络相关信息）、传感器信息（矢量、地磁、加速度、陀螺、方向、光敏、压力、重力、计步、台阶检测）、运营商信息、剪切板。以产品实际采集情况为准。
服务日志信息：
包括浏览记录、点击查看记录、搜索查询记录、收藏、交易、售后、关注分享信息、发布信息，以及
IP
地址、浏览器类型、电信运营商、使用语言、访问日期和时间。
去标识化：
指个人信息经过处理，使其在不借助额外信息的情况下无法识别特定自然人的过程。
匿名化：
指个人信息经过处理无法识别特定自然人且不能复原的过程。
附录二：扩展功能个人信息处理规则
1
、
《用车信息服务个人信息处理规则》
2
、
《足迹服务协议及个人信息处理规则》
3
、
《群组服务协议及个人信息处理规则》
4
、《
酒旅服务个人信息处理规则
》
5
、《
汽车服务个人信息处理规则
》
6
、《
到店团购个人信息处理规则
》
7
、
《家人地图服务协议》
8
、
《地图小程序服务协议》
9
、《
内容发布个人信息处理规则
》
10
、《
咨询服务个人信息处理规则
》
11
、《
信息交互服务个人信息处理规则
》
12
、《
车辆信息处理规则
》
13
、《
高德油耗个人信息处理规则
》
14
、《
通行费助手个人信息处理规则
》
15
、《
widget
卡片个人信息处理规则
》
16
、《
高德运动个人信息处理规则
》
17
、《
趣游个人信息处理规则
》
18
、《
记录足迹个人信息处理规则
》
19
、《
高德账号服务个人信息处理规则
》
20
、
《
顺风车信息服务平台个人信息处理规则
》
21、《借钱技术服务个人信息处理规则》