App Privacy Policy
Barnstorm Games (“We”) are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This policy sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us.  Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it. By clicking on “Sign Me Up” you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this policy.
For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998 (the
Act
), the data controller is Barnstorm Games with its registered office at 6th Floor, 2 London Wall Place, London, EC2Y 5AU.
Our nominated representative for the purpose of the Act is Duncan Backus who can be contacted at support@barnstormgames.com.
Information we may collect from you
We may collect and process the following data about you:
Information you give us.
You may give us information about you by filling in forms in our apps or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise. The information you give us may include your name, address, e-mail address and phone number.
Uses made of the information
We use information held about you in the following ways:
Information you give to us.
We will use this information:
to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us and to provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us;
to provide you with information about other goods and services we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about;
to provide you, or permit selected third parties to provide you, with information about goods or services we feel may interest you. If you are an existing customer, we will only contact you by electronic means (e-mail or SMS) with information about goods and services similar to those which were the subject of a previous sale or negotiations of a sale to you. If you are a new customer, and where we permit selected third parties to use your data, we (or they) will contact you by electronic means only if you have consented to this;
only where expressly requested by you, to permit Endemol Shine UK Limited to send you and keep you updated with information by email about ‘Tenable’ including ‘Tenable’ products and casting. If you have opted in to receive such emails and no longer wish to receive future emails, please email tenablemail@endemolshineuk.com
to notify you about changes to our service;
Disclosure of your information
We may share your personal information with any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, as defined in section 1159 of the UK Companies Act 2006.
We may share your information with selected third parties including:
Business partners, suppliers and sub-contractors for the performance of any contract we enter into with them or you.
Advertisers and advertising networks that require the data to select and serve relevant adverts to you and others
We may disclose your personal information to third parties:
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.
If Barnstorm Games or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Barnstorm Games, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Where we store your personal data
The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”). It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. Such staff maybe engaged in, among other things, the fulfilment of your order, the processing of your payment details and the provision of support services. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
Your rights
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. We will usually inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend to use your data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data.  You can also exercise the right at any time by contacting us at support@barnstormgames.com.
Access to information
The Act gives you the right to access information held about you. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the Act. Any access request may be subject to a fee of £10 to meet our costs in providing you with details of the information we hold about you.
Changes to our privacy policy
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be updated in this app and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our privacy policy.
Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to support@barnstormgames.com.
This document was last updated on May 6, 2020