SHARE SELECTION
Car crash for Musk as value of Tesla halves: Shares tumble 50% in three months as recession fears rock global markets
High Street faces wave of closures and job losses as firms struggle with soaring costs after Budget tax raid
Carney resists Trump threat: Former Bank of England governor may just be what Canada, the Commonwealth and the G7 needs, says ALEX BRUMMER
Ford recalls popular plug-in hybrid family SUV but warns fix isn't ready as it tells owners NOT to charge the car
Spend more of your pension financial advisers tell majority of retirees ahead of inheritance tax changes
Why does the teachers' pension scheme keep asking if I've remarried or live with someone? STEVE WEBB replies
I made awful financial mistakes in my 20s and lost thousands... now I'm jealous of wealthier friends: VICKY REYNAL replies
How you could save £2,500 on your energy bill... by living near an electricity pylon
MARKET WATCH: World's largest ship broker Clarkson loses a fifth of its value as tariffs and war hit business
BP shake-up is 'resonating' with investors, insists boss Murray Auchinclos
GP surgery owner Assura may quit the London stock market after US buyout giant KKR bids £1.6bn
Top Chemring investor says any offer should 'strongly consider' the firm's future earning power
High-tech firm foiling luxury fakes with quantum physics set for London stock market
SMALL CAP IDEA: London-listed Greatland Gold reaping huge profit from takeover of Telfer mine in Australia
Most popular stocks and funds ahead of the Isa deadline next month: Are defence stocks the new Magnificent Seven?
Paying a mortgage is now a FIFTH cheaper than renting - but there's one region where tenants still pay less
Britain's banger capitals revealed: The 10 towns and cities where people drive the oldest cars
British skiers are flocking to Norway for family holidays: SIMON LAMBERT visited Norefjell to find out why
Government issues urgent warning to millions over DWP payment set to be scrapped in weeks - here's what to do
Slashing the cash Isa allowance will make investing seem like the booby prize, says RACHEL RICKARD STRAUS
Drivers 'confused' by electric cars, ministers warned - and one in five are 'diehard' against ever owning one
Driving lesson and test scams surge 92% in six months says major bank: Here's how to ensure you don't fall victim
Fancy a fixer-upper? Four dust-covered classic cars salvaged from garages after 40 years to sell at auction for up to £75k
He's upset world leaders and created turmoil on global markets - but nothing scares Trump more than the $5 dozen: What is the obsession with eggs?
Previous
Next
Associated Newspapers Ltd
Privacy & Cookies Policy (the “Policy”)
Last updated: 25 February 2025
Previous version: 26 March 2024
1. What is this Policy for?
This Policy explains how we protect and handle any personal information we collect, including via our websites, our apps, our social media pages/accounts, email, telephone and in person. It also covers any personal information we receive from third parties and provides you with an overview of your rights.
By using our products and services, including browsing our websites, registering, logging in or signing up for newsletters or marketing, you agree that we may use your personal information as outlined in this Policy. There may be occasions when we share responsibility for the processing and protection of your personal data in connection with your use of our products and services as joint controllers with our partners (please see Section 2
Who we are
for additional information). In such instances our partners will process your personal data in accordance with their privacy notices.
You can control online behavioural advertising cookies on this website via your
Privacy Settings
. Further details on this can be found under Cookies and other identifiers in Section 15 below.
Users in certain jurisdictions, such as residents of the United Kingdom, the European Union and U.S. States with a comprehensive consumer privacy law, have specific rights which are set forth in Sections 10 and 11 below.
2. Who we are
dmg media
is an international multi-channel media company which is home to some of the UK’s most popular brands, including the
Daily Mail
,
The Mail on Sunday
,
Daily Mail Australia
,
Mail+
,
DailyMail+
,
Mail+ Editions
,
MailOnline
,
MailOnline Ireland
,
Irish Daily Mail
,
The Irish Mail on Sunday
,
Metro
,
This is Money
,
You Magazine
,
MyMail
,
MailPlus
,
MailShop
,
MailWineClub
,
MailTravel
,
MailFinance
,
MailExperiences
,
MailBookshop
,
The Mail (Mail Subscriptions)
,
The i
,
inews
and
Eliza
.
These brands are all trading styles of
Associated Newspapers Ltd.
which is the controller of your personal data for the purposes of data protection law.
These brands also share infrastructure, systems and technology and all fall under the data control of Associated Newspapers Ltd. These brands work together to understand how our users interact with our products and services, and to share insights to improve our products and services.
If you are a MyMail member and have linked your account with your Nectar account, Associated Newspapers Ltd. and Nectar Loyalty Ltd. (“
Nectar
”) will each be data controllers of your personal data. Associated Newspapers Ltd will handle your personal data in accordance with this Policy and Nectar will handle your data in accordance with Nectar’s
Privacy Policy
and
Cookie Policy
.
If you engage with certain online bargains, discounts, last-minute vouchers, best buys and/or similar promotional offers (“
Offers
”) made available on our websites, or make use of the DailyMail Extras extension for desktop web browsers (“
Extension
”), we shall process your data as joint controllers with Global Savings Group Ltd (“
GSG
”) and its affiliate CupoNation GmbH, who assist GSG as a marketing partner. GSG will handle your data in accordance with its
Privacy Policy
and CupoNation GmbH will handle your data in accordance with its
Privacy Policy
and
Cookie Policy
.
3. What kinds of information do we collect?
We use the term “personal information” – also called “personal data” in the laws of some states and countries – to refer to information that reasonably identifies, relates to, describes, or can be associated with you. Data that has been deidentified or that otherwise cannot reasonably be related back to a specific person is not considered personal information. Once we treat data as deidentified, we commit not to attempt to reidentify such information. The precise definition of personal information may vary depending on your state or country of residence, but we take the same approach to protecting your privacy.
We collect the following types of personal information about you from various sources by different methods:
Information you have provided to us:
We collect information such as your name, telephone number, address, email address when you create and log into an online account, subscribe to one of our titles, sign up for our newsletter or marketing communications, respond to one of our competitions/promotions or Offers, order or register your interest in one of our products, use the Extension or post a comment under an article, in addition to, where you or your organisation provide us with products or services, the name of your organisation and bank and account details and information relating to a particular transaction.
Subscription Services – Third Parties
If you take out a subscription service for digital or paper products, we use third party companies to support us. They set you up with the subscriptions you want, on-line, print or both. These companies provide us with identity, entitlements, and subscriptions management, customer journey / audience conversion and personalisation services. The personal data that Piano, Zephyr, Stripe and HH&S collect on our behalf when you subscribe, creates an identity that may include your name, email, payment details (from credit/debit card or electronic payment systems, such as Apple Pay), password, newsletter preferences, payment tokens, address information and personal preferences. Piano will handle your personal data in accordance with its
Privacy Policy
and
GDPR
policy. You can also see the HH&S
Privacy Policy
You can see the Stripe privacy Notice
here
.
This information may be collected via your device’s browser, an online web form, a data capture form, an app, by email, by telephone, or by post.
When you visit our website or app, we shall create a unique identifier (“UID”) that allows us to recognise you when you use our website or apps, including if you log in from a different device or platform.
Information from your device:
We collect information from and about the device you are using when you interact with one of our websites, apps or other products/services, including adverts.
This may include:
Device Type:
Information about your operating system, hardware, software, browser type in order to tailor the experience to your device (e.g. screen resolution).
Device Operations:
Information about your operations and behaviours performed on your device to tailor the experience based on how you or similar users have interacted with our content.
Unique Identifiers:
Device IDs, UIDs and Advertiser IDs in order to save your preferences against an identifier to refer to on subsequent pages and to display advertising.
Device Settings:
Information from your device’s setting (such as access to your GPS location or other information related to the location of your device) so that we know which version of the website to serve you.
Network/Connections:
Your IP address, so that we can recognise your geographical location.
Cookies:
Data from cookies or similar technologies placed on your device which tells us about your use of our websites and/or selected third party websites. Some cookies are also placed by third parties. Please see Section 15 on Cookies and other identifiers below for more information about our use of cookies and other similar technologies.
Information collected by the Extension.
Unique identifiers:
A unique installation ID or similar identifier is also processed to recognise the Extension you have installed.
Access Data:
With regard to each of your visits to our websites and the URLs and domains you visit while the Extension is installed, GSG’s web servers record technical information which your browser automatically transmits. This includes the IP address used to connect your computer or mobile device to the internet (including in truncated form), the browser type and version you use, the operating system, date and time of your access, whether Java is on or off, whether cookies are accepted or rejected.
Usage Data:
GSG collects further information about your visit to our websites and your usage of its services and content and the URLs and domains you visit while Extension is installed. That information includes the full URL clickstream to, through and from the Extension (including date and time), visited sub-pages, information you searched for, response times, length of visits to certain pages, email openings and which banners or links on the website or in an email were clicked on, browsing activity (such as scroll positions, clicks and mouse movements), search queries, the URL of the website you visited immediately beforehand. GSG uses such data for a variety of purposes (e.g. to better understand your needs and preferences so that GSG can improve the Extension, its other services and their functions and to provide you with more relevant and interest-based contents).
Device Data:
In case of Extension, screen size, time zone setting, and geographical identifiers.
For more information on how GSG processes your information and how to exercise your rights, please visit GSG’s
Privacy Policy
.
Posting comments
When you comment on an article or otherwise post content via features that we make available on our website (including message boards, blogs, and other public forums, as described in Section 5 of this Privacy Policy), the information you post and your username are publicly accessible. This information can be viewed and collected by other people. We strongly suggest that you avoid using any personal details to create your username or otherwise sharing any personal details (especially information that can be used to identify you directly such as your name, age, address and name of employer). We are not responsible for the privacy of the information you make publicly accessible via the comments section. Please see our Terms and House Rules for more information.
Information about transactions made
If you purchase anything or make any other financial transactions on any of our properties (e.g. on MailShop), we collect information about your purchase and ask for information including your name, email address and delivery address, to be forwarded on to the partners who are responsible for delivering your order. This may include payment information such as your credit/debit card number where we are engaging a third party to process payments on our behalf.
Information from partners
Where you have registered or created an account with one of our websites, we may obtain information about you from other companies who have obtained your permission (through their own privacy policies) to share information about you.
We may overlay demographic and lifestyle data from CACI to help us understand what you might be interested in for insight and marketing purposes (also known as profiling). CACI data are built using a variety of sources, including publicly available data (such as the electoral register and UK Census records) or from surveys and polls where you have given permission for your data to be shared. For more information on these partners and how you can opt-out of having your data shared with us from these sources for profiling purposes, please see the section entitled “Marketing Personalisation” in Section 7 below.
Social media
If you log-in to our websites through a social media site, such as Facebook, X (f/k/a Twitter) or Google, you are granting permission to such company to share your user information with us. This will include your name and email address plus any other information you have permitted them to share with third parties. If you remove our website from your Facebook, X (f/k/a Twitter) or Google account, we shall no longer have access to this information.
We use plugins from social media networks and other platforms on our websites, that may allow you to share content with these networks/platforms or use their services on our websites. For more information, please see Section 7 of this Policy.
Browser pop-up notifications
When you consent to receiving pop-up browser notifications from one of our websites, we collect the following information:
the URL of the page you were on when you were subscribed;
your country code;
your device type;
your browser name and version;
whether the notification was shown to you; and
the topics of the notification you have clicked on or interacted with.
Information about other people
By supplying us with information about someone else, you confirm that they have authorised you to provide us with their information (including sensitive personal data) on their behalf.
4. Legal bases for processing your data under UK GDPR and EU GDPR
We rely on the following legal bases to process your personal data under the UK General Data Protection Regulation (“
UK GDPR
”) and the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“
EU GDPR”
).
Contract:
We process some of your data as a necessary part of performing our contractual obligations to you. For example, to ensure that products you buy can be delivered to you, to provide you with access to your digital subscription or to provide a prize to which you have won.
Consent:
Some processing activities will only be done where we have sought your prior consent. If we require your consent, we shall provide you with full details of the information that we would like and the reason we need it. Once given, you have the right to withdraw your consent again at any point and we shall be obliged to stop processing your data and delete it unless we can demonstrate that another legal basis applies.
Legal obligation:
There may be situations where we need to use your information to comply with legal and regulatory obligations or defend claims. This includes publishing information about competition winners.
Legitimate interests:
We process some of your data because it is in our legitimate interests to do so. Where this is the case, we have considered the impact that using your information may have on you and limited our use to only what is strictly necessary. Where we are using this as our basis, we can provide you with an explanation of why the processing is in our interests and you are free to contest this decision if you wish.
Examples of our legitimate interests processing activities include:
supporting a free press and individual and societal rights to receive information;
developing, delivering and maintaining relevant and engaging products services and advertising; and
understanding who our audiences are in order to improve our content and services.
5. How we may use your information
Journalism
We use personal information for journalistic activities to support a free press and to support individual and societal rights to receive information.
Legal basis for these processing activities: Legitimate interests
Comment services, message boards, blogs and other public forums
Our websites may provide functionality to comment on articles, as well as message boards, blogs and other user generated content facilities. Anything that you share will become public information. You should always be careful when deciding to disclose your personal information. We process your registration data and any comments or content that you voluntarily submit in accordance with our legitimate interests in providing users with the ability to comment on articles and use other user content features that we make available. The information you post and your username are publicly accessible and can be viewed and collected by other people. We strongly suggest you avoid sharing any personal details, and especially information that can be used to identify you directly such as your name, age, address and name of employer in your comments. We are not responsible for the privacy of the information you make publicly accessible via the comments section. Please also see the information in Section 3 about posting comments and content for more information about protecting your privacy when you use these features.
Use of our comments functionality and other services mentioned above is also subject to our Terms (
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/terms
) and House Rules (
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/home/article-1388145/House-Rules.html
).
We use a third-party service provider, OpenWeb Technologies Ltd, to provide some of these features and to moderate comments and content, but we remain the data controller in respect of this activity.
Legal basis for these processing activities: Legitimate interests (or consent if required)
User Content Moderation
We monitor comments and any other content that you post via our comment services, message boards, blogs and other user generated content facilities for offensive/objectionable content and disruptive behaviour that breach our Terms.
Legal basis for these processing activities: Legitimate interests
Delivering services
By using our websites, apps and other products and services, we may process your information, including your name, phone number and email address, for the purpose of providing you with such products and services and managing our relationship with you, which shall include (without limitation):
carrying out ecommerce activities;
managing your accounts, entitlements and subscriptions;
communicating with you in relation to your account or service, service updates or other non-marketing communications;
delivering customer services and support;
contacting you when a checkout journey is not completed if you have provided your information;
dealing with and responding to you about a comment you have submitted on our message boards or other such user generated content facilities;
ensuring the integrity of votes, competitions and polls;
maintaining records of our communications with you if you get in contact with us; and
responding to press complaints submitted both direct to us and via the
Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO)
.
Legal basis for these processing activities: Consent (if requested) or legitimate interests or contract
running competitions effectively and informing you if you have been successful in any competitions or promotions.
Legal basis for this processing activity: Contract or legal obligation
We may also record phone calls or customer enquiries via online chat for quality, training and management purposes.
Legal basis for this processing activity: Legitimate interests or contract
Digital events
We may use your personal data (such as your name, email address, etc.) to provide you with digital event functionality and content, including recordings, user generated content and chat functionality. This may also include speeches or presentations, chat content, questions, poll results and audio-visual content incorporating your likeness, image or opinions.
This content may be retained and reused by us for later business purposes (for example for reuse at subsequent events or to allow webinar access at a later stage).
Legal basis for processing this data: Consent (if requested) or legitimate interests
Direct marketing, newsletters and browser push notifications
In accordance with your preferences and data protection legislation, we may use your information, including your name, email address, and phone number, to send you direct marketing communications, newsletters and to carry out marketing analysis.
Our marketing communications may be personalised to you, meaning that we may select content that is most suited to you or that you are most likely to engage with. For further information, please see the next section (“
Personalisation / identifying your interests / audience segmentation / audience conversion / ecommerce activities
”).
This may include communications by email, post, telephone, SMS or app notifications about our products and services, events and special offers. This also includes browser push notifications where you have consented to receiving these. We may also send you periodic emails to inform you about the any changes to our products and services where we have permission to do so.
Where we send these email marketing communications by email, we may send you such communications when we have your consent, or when you are an existing customer who has previously bought or subscribed to a similar product or service from us. You may opt out of email marketing communications when your personal information is first collected as part of that purchase or subscription.
You may also unsubscribe from receiving email marketing or newsletters at any time by clicking the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of each email. If you unsubscribe from email marketing or newsletters, we shall keep your email address to ensure that we do not send you any marketing in future.
Legal basis for processing this data: Consent (if requested) or legitimate interests
Personalisation / identifying your interests / audience segmentation / audience conversion / ecommerce activities
We use your information, including your UID and Usage Data, as described below, to provide you with a greater personalised experience when you visit or use one of our sites or apps, and for insight and marketing purposes.
We make assumptions and draw inferences about attributes and your interests based on the kind of articles and content you click on or read. We may also assess your level of engagement with our articles and content.
We use this information to divide (or “segment”) our users and customers into groups that are likely to share certain attributes or interests (these groups are also known as “audiences”). This helps us show you more relevant content/adverts and helps our advertisers target more effectively. It also helps to assist us in our marketing efforts by ensuring that our marketing communications are sent to those people who are most likely to engage with our content.
Our partner, Piano, assists us in understanding user journeys (e.g. which pages our users are visiting the most, which pages lead to the greatest audience conversion, etc.), user session length on our website/app, testing the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns, and optimising our website/app based on audience data. Please see Piano’s
Privacy Policy
and
GDPR
policy.
Please note you have the right to object to profiling for marketing purposes at any time. If you wish to opt-out of having your personal information profiled for personalisation purposes, you can do so via the
Privacy Settings
.
Legal basis for this processing activity: Consent (if requested) or legitimate interests
Cookie Matching
Where you have given consent, we check to see if you have a cookie ID when you visit one of our properties. We are then able to compare the cookie ID we have to see if we know who you are. See Section 15 on Cookies for more information.
Legal basis for this processing activity: Consent
Data matching and lookalike audience building
We allow partners to reach audiences on our platforms via data matching where they have appropriate permissions. We use your UID (together with other associated personal data such as email address) to carry out such data matching. This is conducted at an aggregate level or an individual level, depending on how targeted our partners want to reach audiences on our platforms. Your UID is stored with an independent third party data management platform (DMP) who will match UIDs with the data from advertisers with whom we partner. This matching is based on common identifiers (such as email address). This matching is completed using a data clean room where neither we nor the advertiser will have access to each other’s data.
The data overlap between our audiences and these partners is useful to understand if an advertising campaign would be effective.
As part of the matching process, we segment audiences based on predefined attributes. These audiences may be similar to our partners’ existing audiences and are therefore called “lookalike audiences”. For example, a female fashion brand may want to reach “women interested in fashion”. This helps them find the right audiences and we are able to show you more relevant advertising.
You may amend your settings in order to avoid UID matching taking place in the future by contacting us (see Section 18 below) or by adjusting your account settings.
Legal basis for this processing activity: Consent (if requested) or legitimate interests
Tailored advertising
We use advertising to fund some of our websites and apps. Some advertising is ‘contextual’ meaning it is shown due to the particular webpage you are presently viewing. Other advertising, known as “online behavioural advertising” is shown to you based upon your likely interests, which are inferred from your browsing history. This information is collected through the use of cookies and similar technologies or your UID. For more information on controlling your tailored advertising preferences, please see Section 15 on Cookies below.
Sometimes we allow advertisers to show advertisements directly on our website and apps, which are tailored to you based upon information they have obtained, such as your browsing history on their own websites.
Other times we shall arrange for our customers to be shown advertisements on our own or other websites or apps. These advertisements are tailored to you with information we have obtained from your browsing on our websites and apps via cookies.
Where we arrange for our customers to be shown advertisements, we use technological and contractual mechanisms to protect your cookie data and to ensure that your browsing data used for advertising is not used by advertisers or other website owners for other purposes, such as linking online behavioural advertising data with your contact details, unless you have provided the advertiser or other website with your express permission to do this.
When you are shown an advertisement, our advertising systems do not know who you are or your contact details (such as your name, email address or postal address).
Your IP address may also be used, in connection with our legitimate interests to tailor the advertising we arrange to be shown.
We may also target advertising on social media sites to specifically include customers who have registered for our products and services.
Legal basis for this processing activity: Consent (if requested) or legitimate interests
Location based services and advertising
Where we provide services that utilise your device’s location, such as local weather or news, your location will be determined either from a lookup of your IP address in a “GeoIP” database which lists information provided by your ISP (usually your closest town or borough).
Sometimes we can collect the precise location directly from the device (such as through GPS or Wi-Fi on mobile devices) but only where you have granted permission for us to access this location information via your device settings. We use such information to provide you with a more tailored, relevant experiences when using our websites/apps.
Where you have granted permission to access your device’s location and consented to us to use your data for advertising purposes, this location information may be used to tailor the advertising you receive, including showing you certain advertisements when you are in the vicinity of a particular location.
Legal basis for this processing activity: Consent
Measurement and analytics
We may use certain information (such as the websites that you visit and advertisements you see or click on and emails you interact with) to help us, advertisers and other promotional partners measure the effectiveness and distributions of their advertisements and promotions as well as the effectiveness of our own services and communications.
Legal basis for this processing activity: Consent (if requested) or legitimate interests
Ad blocker detection
We collect information from your device to detect whether you’re using an ad blocker. This is to determine if we are able to show you advertising. As an advertising funded publisher, we rely on the ability to show you advertising.
Legal basis for this processing activity: Legitimate interests
Surveys and market research
We collect information via online survey units (Pulse Poll) and via our online research community of our readers (Matters Community) to help us better understand our readers and how they engage with the advertising they are shown. We collect this information when you voluntarily contribute or we invite you to contribute to any of our surveys, polls or forum discussions on our websites or online research community, for example when we ask you questions about your behaviour or response to adverts seen. We will also use your responses to our surveys, polls or forum discussions to send you targeted advertising, where we have your permission to do so. How we use data relating to our online survey units is covered by this Policy. For more information about how we use data relating to our online research community, please see our separate
Matters Community Privacy Policy
.
Legal basis for processing this data: Consent (if requested) or legitimate interests
Improving our services and products
We may use your information to monitor and improve our products, content and services. This may include (without limitation):
developing the design and style of our products and services to make improvements;
carrying out statistical, technical and logistical analysis to inform our strategic development; and
blocking disruptive use and ensuring the security of our products and services.
If you have registered on our websites or apps, we may analyse the information we hold on you in aggregate with our other customers to improve our advertising systems.
Legal basis for this processing activity: Legitimate interests
Disclosures permitted or required by law
Your data will be disclosed where we are obliged to do so by law. We may also disclose your information in order to protect or enforce our rights or the rights of others and for the prevention and detection of crime.
Legal basis for these processing activities: Legitimate interests or legal obligation
Regulatory compliance
We may share your personal data with the Audit Bureau of Circulations Ltd so they can verify aggregated statistics about circulation and usage of our products or review our policies, processes and procedures for compliance with relevant standards. You can view their privacy policy by following this
link
.
Legal basis for processing this data: Legitimate interests
Receipt of services from suppliers
If we have engaged you or the organisation you represent to provide us with products or services (for example, if you or the organisation you represent provide us with services such as IT support or financial advice), we will collect and process your personal data in order to manage our relationship with you or the organisation you represent, to receive products and services from you or the organisation you represent and, where relevant, to provide our products and services to others
Legal basis for processing this data: Legitimate interests or contract
6. If you fail to provide your personal data
Where we are required by law to collect your personal data, or we need to collect your personal data under the terms of a contract we have with you, and you fail to provide that personal data when we request it, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you. This may apply where you do not provide the personal data we need in order to provide the services you have requested from us. In this case, we may have to cancel the provision of the relevant services to you, in which case we will notify you.
7. How we may share your information
Sharing with third-party partners
Partners:
When you purchase goods or services from us, we partner with specialist companies (including payment companies) to fulfil your order and provide certain customer services. This includes vendors on MailShop who you may have bought something from and specialist companies who assist us in obtaining ratings and reviews of product(s) and/or service(s), namely, YouGarden, Clifford James Consultants Limited, KH Direct Ltd, and Aspire Furniture Ltd.
We usually remain the data controller of your information and the other companies only process data under our instructions and cannot use the information for their own purposes. If one of our third-party partners acts as data controller of your personal data (whether or not as a data controller in common with us) we shall let you know before you register for the service.
You can access the privacy policy of YouGarden
here
, Clifford James Consultants Limited
here
, KH Direct Ltd
here
, and Aspire Furniture Ltd.
here
.
Legal basis for processing this data: Contract
Service Providers:
We may pass your information to our processors – companies that we use to provide services on our behalf, for example for delivery services and prize fulfilment companies. These processors can only use your information in accordance with our instructions and for no other purpose.
Legal basis for processing this data: Contract or consent (if requested) or legitimate interests
Promotions:
Sometimes we bring you promotions in association with other companies. If you enter such promotions, the other company will use the information you submit and we provide to them as a data controller in line with their own privacy policies. We shall let you know the precise arrangement at the time you provide your personal information.
Legal basis for processing this data: Consent (if requested) or legitimate interests
Cobranded products / affiliate marketing
: We regularly partner with industry affiliates to bring you special deals on products and packages you may find of interest. These include travel providers on MailTravel and financial service providers on MailFinance or This is Money. These providers collect marketing permissions for us and share data back with us about your purchases in order for us to measure the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns.
If you decide to book a holiday with an affiliate, use their advisory services or set up an account, or purchase a financial product, these affiliates will be data controllers of the information you have provided them in order to administer your relationship with them and will handle your information in accordance with their own privacy policies.
Legal basis for processing this data: Legitimate interests
Functionality:
We may share information about you with suppliers that we engage to help us provide our services and/or functionality of our websites and apps.
Legal basis for processing this data: Consent (if requested) or contract or legitimate interests
Advertisers:
We may provide third party advertisers with reports containing aggregate statistical data about our websites’ and apps’ audience to determine the reach of their target audience. This aggregated information may include demographic data such as age range and/or geographic location of groups of our customers.
This aggregated data does not include contact details (such as names, addresses or email addresses) that can be used to personally identify you or contact you.
Legal basis for processing this data: Consent
Online Behavioural Advertising partners:
We allow third parties to collect and use information obtained during your browsing activities in order to deliver tailored advertisements to you. These parties are listed in our
Privacy Settings
tool where we provide you with their details, links to their privacy notices and the ability to opt out of their use.
We may provide Online Behavioural Advertising partners, including DMPs, LiveRamp and ID5, with a unique UID or information that could be used to (re)create one – such as a hashed version of your email address, and they can collect or receive information about your browser and device, such as type of browser, browser language, browser settings, cookie information, device type, operating system, IP address and ISP information. This can help our selected DMP match our UIDs with data belong to our partners by using a clean room where neither we nor the partner has access to each other’s data. This match is noted against our UID and use cases are established demonstrating lookalike groupings of potential interest to our partners.
This data sharing can also help partners continue to make advertising and site/app content relevant to users even if browser cookies are cleared, for example by re-creating deleted cookies (if you have consented to this).
Please note that ID5 may also use your user ID and/or internet activity information (such as browsing history) to provide, maintain and improve their services and products. This includes research and development activities (e.g. conducting machine learning to better optimise the efficiency of their products and services) and investigating, protecting against and deterring malicious activity (such as fake traffic). For further information, please see ID5’s privacy notice
here
.
To withdraw your consent for those cookies or to otherwise opt out of their services directly, please visit
https://liveramp.com/opt_out/
and
https://id5-sync.com/privacy/optout
. You can also control their use on our sites, or opt out of all non-essential site tracking, via our Privacy Settings Tool linked to above. Our Privacy Settings Tool also specifies which partners rely on your consent and which partners rely on legitimate interests to use your data.
Legal basis for processing this data: Consent (if requested) or legitimate interests
Marketing personalisation:
We may match your data with data held by CACI, to add extra lifestyle and demographic insight information to your account with us which we then use to make our marketing more relevant to you (subject to your communication preferences and our internal policies and procedures). We can only obtain this information where they have your permission to share this information with us in line with their privacy policies. You can opt-out of having your personal information profiled in this way by contacting us, or our joint controllers, or adjusting your account settings. For more information about these activities and the data provided, and to opt out of their programmes directly, please visit them at CACI.
Legal basis for processing this data: Consent (if requested) or legitimate interests
Facebook insights data:
Facebook Ireland Ltd (“
Facebook
”) provides us with statistics and insights (“
Page Insights
”) that help us understand the use of our Facebook Fan Pages (e.g. Daily Mail, Daily Mail Celebrities, Daily Mail Australia, Daily Mail Sport, Daily Mail Animals, Daily Mail Videos, etc.). When you visit or interact with one of our Facebook Fan Pages, we shall process your personal data as joint controllers with Facebook.
Facebook is primarily responsible for the data processing when you visit one of our Fan Pages. However, we use Page Insights and information you provide via your Facebook profile to define our audiences, customise advertisements and create Fan Pages to match the interests of our visitors.
For further information from Facebook about:
Page Insights and how to exercise your rights, please see
here
;
the determination of the responsibilities within this joint controller relationship please see
here
;
the placement of cookies by Facebook when visiting a Facebook Fan Page, please see
here
; and
protecting your privacy at Facebook, please see
here
.
Legal basis for processing this data: Legitimate interests
Social media plugins
: Some of our websites use social media plugins to help you share content more easily with your friends.
Social Media Plugin
Privacy policy
Facebook Share Button
Facebook Messenger Share Button
Facebook Like Button
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
Twitter Share Button
Twitter Follow Button
https://twitter.com/en/privacy
Pinterest Share Button
Pinterest Follow Button
https://policy.pinterest.com/en-gb/privacy-policy
Flipboard Share Button
Flipboard Follow Button
https://about.flipboard.com/privacy/
Instagram Follow Button
https://help.instagram.com/519522125107875
Snapchat Follow Button
https://www.snap.com/en-GB/privacy/privacy-policy
If you do not click on the respective buttons, no personal data will be collected and stored by the social media company.
If you are logged onto to your Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, Flipboard, Instagram or Snapchat account, certain user data (including your IP address at the time) may be collected and linked to your social media account information by the respective social media company.
We receive no personal data from the social media companies about which articles you have clicked or seen on our websites. However, we do receive summarised, aggregated statistical reports on the use of these plugins.
Legal basis for processing this data: Legitimate interests
DMGT group:
Associated Newspapers Ltd. is part of the Daily Mail and General Trust plc Group (“
DMGT
”). Members of DMGT may, use and share, within that group, the information you provide and other information held about you for the purposes set out in this Policy. For more information about the DMGT group please see the
DMGT website
and the
DMGT Privacy Policy
.
Legal basis for processing this data: Legitimate interests
Change of Control:
We may transfer, sell or assign any of the information described in this Policy to third parties as a result of a sale, merger, consolidation, change of control, transfer of assets or reorganisation of our business.
Legal basis for processing this data: Legitimate interests
Ipsos Iris Online Audience Measurement Solution
: When you visit our website, we may collect certain personal data about you for an online audience measurement project that analyses internet users’ behaviour and profile across different websites, applications and devices in the UK. In order to do this, our website will contain tags which is a script used to gather personal data on a website; this means when visiting the site, we can record the amount of active time spent on each web page by each user and will be reported by type of device.
We will also use digital fingerprint technology, also known as "
Machine Identification
", to gather certain information about your device, hardware and software, such as: IP address, unique device identifier, display settings of your monitor, type of browser used and type of operating system. This information will be converted into a unique serial number (the digital "fingerprint") and determines if it matches previous fingerprints.
Ipsos MORI, a specialist research agency will be carrying out this research, in conjunction with UKOM, the UK Online Measurement company. To carry out this research, Ipsos MORI and their trusted partner, DotMetrics, will need to receive the information gathered about your device, hardware, software and webpage activity in order to carry out the research and analysis. This information will only be shared with Ipsos MORI and DotMetrics, if we have obtained the relevant consent from you when you initially accessed our website.
Please be assured that Ipsos MORI takes its data protection and information security responsibilities seriously and applies various precautions to ensure your personal data is protected from loss, theft or misuse. Your personal data will only be used for research and analysis purposes in line with the
Market Research Society Code of Conduct
and associated regulations and guidelines. All reporting for this research will be anonymous. Ipsos MORI will only retain your personal data in a way that can identify you for as long as is necessary to support the research project and findings.
To contact Ipsos MORI about this specific research, please email compliance@ipsosiris.com
Legal basis for processing this data: Legitimate interests or consent (if requested)
8. Details of transfers to third countries and safeguards
Any organisation who has access to your information in the course of providing services on our behalf will be governed by contractual restrictions and/or technical limitations to make sure they protect your information and comply with applicable data protection legislation.
When transferring your personal data outside the United Kingdom (UK) or the European Economic Area (EEA), we will comply with our legal and regulatory obligations in relation to your personal data, including having a lawful basis for transferring personal data and putting appropriate safeguards in place to ensure an adequate level of protection for the personal data. Where these organisations are based outside of the UK or the EEA in a jurisdiction that has not been deemed adequate by the EU Commission, we shall, if appropriate, enter into EU Commission approved model clauses with these organisations to ensure appropriate safeguards are in place. We will take reasonable steps to ensure the security of your personal data in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
9. Joint Controller Processing
We sometimes work with other organisations and process data collected by them as Joint Controllers. This means that both we, and the other organisation, have responsibilities to process your data in accordance with relevant Data Protection and Privacy laws. Where this is the case, you may approach either ourselves, or the other organisation, to fulfil any data subject requests in relation to your data. We will process any personal data under this arrangement in accordance with this Privacy Notice. If you wish to know more about our Joint Controller arrangements in this regard, please contact us at dataprotection@dmgmedia.co.uk.
Facilitation of the Advertising served on GB News’ website is conducted under a Joint Controller relationship between ourselves and GB News. Their privacy notice, which will apply to how they process personal data under this agreement, can be seen
here
.
10. Your rights under the UK GDPR and the EU GDPR
In certain circumstances, for example if you are a UK or EEA resident, you may exercise the rights available to you (with some exceptions and restrictions) under the UK or the EU data protection laws as follows:
Access:
If you wish to exercise your right to access a free copy of your data, you can contact us, or our joint controllers, at the contact details provided below at Section 18.
Portability:
If you wish to receive personal data that you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, or transmit this data directly to another controller, please contact us, or our joint controllers, at the contact details provided below. Please note that this right applies only to the information that is processed by automated means, on the basis of consent or performance of a contract.
Deletion:
To ask us to delete your personal data, please contact us, or our joint controllers, at the contact details provided below. However, there may be circumstances where we are legally entitled to retain certain data.
Rectification
: If you wish to update or rectify your data, you can do this directly by accessing your account settings.
Restriction:
To request the restriction or suppression of your personal data, please contact us, or our joint controllers, at the contact details provided below.
Revoke consent for direct marketing:
: If you wish to object to the processing of your data for direct marketing, you can opt-out by updating your settings or clicking on the ‘unsubscribe’ link in any marketing email or newsletter you receive from us.
Opt-out of online behavioural advertising:
You are able to control whether we and our partners may use your information for online behavioural advertising related purposes when you visit our websites via our Consent Management Platform that appears when you first visit our sites, or by going to the
Privacy Settings
.
Objection to automated profiling:
If you wish to opt-out of having your personal information profiled for personalisation purposes, you can adjust your account settings or contact us directly at the contact details provided below.
Objection to legitimate interests:
If you wish to object to our processing of your data where we are pursuing our legitimate interests or those of a third party, please contact us, or our joint controllers, at the contact details provided below stating the nature of and reasons for such objection.
Complain:
You also have the right to lodge a complaint about us with your local supervisory authority, for example the
Information Commissioner’s Office
in the UK.
Exercising Your Rights
To exercise your rights under the GDPR, please contact us, or our joint controllers, at the contact details provided below in Section 18, indicating the type of right you would like to exercise and that you are making the request under the GDPR. In case of requests for deletion, please note there may be circumstances where we are legally entitled to retain certain data (see Section 13
Data retention and account deletion
).
We may seek to verify the identity of the person submitting the request.
Where you are making a request via a third party, we need to be satisfied that the third party making the request is entitled to act on your behalf and may ask the third party to provide evidence of this entitlement. If we are satisfied that the third party has the appropriate authority, we will respond directly to that third party.
11. Your rights under certain U.S. State Laws
This section of the Policy applies solely to visitors, users, and others who are residents of California, Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, Texas, Oregon, Montana, Delaware, Iowa, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Tennessee, Minnesota, Maryland or another U.S. State with a similar comprehensive consumer privacy law (collectively, “Covered States”). You may have specific rights regarding your personal information under: the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act, Colorado Privacy Act, Connecticut Data Privacy Act, Utah Consumer Privacy Act, Texas Data Privacy and Security Act, Oregon Consumer Privacy Act, Montana Consumer Data Privacy Act, New Hampshire Data Privacy Act, Delaware Personal Data Privacy Act, Iowa Consumer Data Protection Act, Nebraska Data Privacy Act, New Jersey Data Protection Act, Tennessee Information Protection Act, Minnesota Consumer Data Privacy Act, Maryland Online Data Privacy Act, or similar laws in other U.S. States (collectively, "State Privacy Laws"). This section describes your rights under the State Privacy Laws, explains how you can exercise those rights, and provides an overview of the types of personal information we collect. To be clear, these rights are granted only to the extent that you are considered a consumer of Covered State and we are acting as a “controller” or “business” (as applicable) under State Privacy Laws with respect to your personal information.
Under the State Privacy Laws you may have the following rights:
Right to know
. You have the right to know about the categories and the specific personal information that we may collect, the purposes for collecting that personal information, the categories of third parties to whom we may disclose that personal information and whether we disclose personal information for business purposes or for commercial purposes that would be considered a “sale” or “share” under the State Privacy Laws. If you are a resident of Delaware, you also have the right to obtain a list of the categories of third parties to which we have disclosed personal information of Delaware consumers.
Right to data portability
. You have the right to obtain a copy of your personal information that you previously provided to us in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format that allows you to transmit the data to another business without hindrance, where the processing is carried out by automated means.
Upon receipt of a valid and verifiable request from you, we shall disclose to you both the categories and specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you, the categories of sources from which the personal information is collected, the business or commercial purpose for collecting that personal information, the categories of third parties which whom we share that information.
You have a right to receive the above twice per year. If we provide the information electronically, it will be in a in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format that allows you to transmit the information to another entity without hindrance from us.
Right to delete.
You have the right to request that we delete any personal information that we have collected from you unless retention of that information is permitted under applicable law. Please note that if you request deletion of your personal information, we may deny your request or may retain certain elements of your personal information if it is necessary for us or our vendors to:
Complete the transaction for which the personal information was collected, provide a good or service requested by you, or reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform a contract between our business and you.
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity; or prosecute those responsible for that activity.
Debug to identify and repair errors that impair existing or intended functionality.
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise his or her right of free speech, or exercise another right provided for by law.
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the deletion of the information is likely to render impossible or seriously impair the achievement of such research, if you have provided informed consent.
To enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with your expectations based on your relationship with us.
Comply with a legal obligation.
Otherwise use the personal information, internally, in a lawful manner that is compatible with the context in which you provided the information.
Right to correct
. You have the right to request the correction of any personal information we maintain about you.
Right to opt-out
. You have the right to opt out of the processing of your personal information for purposes of: (i) targeted advertising (or “share”, as defined under the CCPA); (ii) the sale of personal information for monetary consideration; or (iii) profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you, unless you reside in Iowa or Utah. As of the latest date of this notice:
• We DO process personal data and "share” it with third parties for the purposes of targeted advertising;
• We DO NOT “sell” personal data under State Privacy Laws for monetary consideration;
• We DO NOT engage in profiling decision based on your personal data that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you.
You can exercise such opt-out rights by opening our
Privacy Settings
tool by clicking on the “
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
” button at any time. This will opt-you out of cookie placement and the collection of your data by online advertising service providers. We will also treat Global Privacy Control browser signals as opt-out of sale/share requests. You can also exercise your data rights by going to our
FAQ
page and selecting the following DailyMail+ US: DailyMail+ US: My Data.
Exercising Your Rights
To exercise your rights under the State Privacy Laws, please contact us, or our joint controllers, at the contact details provided below in Section 18, indicating the type of right you would like to exercise and that you are making the request under the State Privacy Laws.
In order to process your deletion and/or access request, we are permitted by law to collect certain information about you to verify your identity. For example, if you have an account with us, you can use your account information to verify. If, however, we cannot verify your identity from the information already maintained by us, we may request additional information from you, which shall only be used for the purposes of verifying your identity under the State Privacy Laws, and for security or fraud-prevention purposes, such as a passport or driver’s license.
A consumer in California, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Nebraska, Montana, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Oregon, and Texas consumer and elsewhere as permitted by State Privacy Laws has the right to use an authorised agent to submit a request on their behalf if the consumer provides the authorised agent written permission signed by the consumer. We may also require that the consumer verify their identity directly with us and confirm that they have provided the authorised agent permission to act on their behalf.
We will make every effort to respond to your request within 45 days from when you contacted us. If you have a complex request, the State Privacy Laws allow us up to 90 days to respond. We will still contact you within 45 days from when you contacted us to let you know we need more time to respond.
If we decline to take action on a request that you have submitted, we will inform you of our reasons for doing so and provide instructions for how to appeal the decision. Depending on your state of residence you may have the right to appeal within a reasonable period of time after you have received our decision. If you have used this appeal right, within 60 days (45 days for residents of Colorado) of our receipt of your appeal, we will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If we deny your appeal, we will provide you with a method for contacting your state attorney general’s office to submit a complaint.
Right to nondiscrimination
. You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise of your privacy rights. Unless permitted by the State Privacy Laws, we will not:
Deny you goods or services;
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties;
Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services; or
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
Explicit Notice
We and our advertising partners collect personal information (such as the cookies stored on your browser, the advertising identifier on your mobile device, or the IP address of your device) when you visit our site or use our app. We, and our third-party business partners, use this information to tailor and deliver ads to you on our site or app, or to help tailor ads to you when you visit others’ sites or use others’ apps. To tailor ads that may be more relevant to you, we and/or our partners may share the information we collect with third parties.
If you do not wish for us or our partners to use and disclose your personal information to third parties in this manner, which may be considered a “sale” under certain State Privacy Laws, select the applicable control from the “
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
”
link
.
Please note that although we shall not sell your personal information after you click that button, we shall continue to share some personal information with our partners (who will function as our service providers or processors in such instance) to help us perform advertising-related business functions such as, but not limited to:
measuring the effectiveness of our ads;
managing how many times you may see an ad;
reporting on the performance of our ads;
ensuring services are working correctly and securely;
providing aggregate statistics and analytics;
improving when and where you may see ads; and/or
reducing ad fraud.
If you access this site or app from other devices or browsers, visit the link below from those devices or browsers to ensure your choice applies to the data collected when you use those devices or browsers. If you use different browsers, devices or platforms, you will need to opt out on each browser, device or platform.
Additionally, although clicking the “
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
”
link
will opt you out of the sale of your personal information for advertising purposes, it will not opt you out of the use of previously collected and sold personal information or all context-based advertising.
Personal Information We Collect
Information regarding our collection, use and disclosure of personal information are detailed elsewhere in this Policy. To help consumers make informed privacy decisions, the State Privacy Laws create and define categories of personal information, and our practices regarding personal information are organized below into the aforementioned categories. Please note that some types of personal information may apply to multiple categories.
In the past 12 months, we have collected the categories of personal information described in Table 1 below for the business or commercial purpose(s) indicated. Depending on your level of interaction with us, we may not have collected your personal information from all of the categories.
Table 1: Categories of Personal Information
Category
Purposes
Identifiers
Providing Content Services, Auditing, Data Security & Fraud Prevention, Troubleshooting, Develop and improve services, Commercial Interests, Content Personalisation, Subscription & Loyalty Programs.
Customer records information
Providing Content Services, Auditing, Commercial Interests, Develop and improve services, Content Personalisation, Subscription & Loyalty Programs,
Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law
None
Commercial information
Providing Content Services, Auditing, Commercial Interests, Develop and improve services, Content Personalisation, Subscription & Loyalty Programs.
Internet or other similar network activity information
Providing Content Services, Auditing, Commercial Interests, Data Security & Fraud Prevention, Troubleshooting, Develop and improve services, Content Personalisation, Subscription & Loyalty Programs.
Geolocation data
Providing Content Services, Auditing, Commercial Interests, Data Security & Fraud Prevention, Troubleshooting, Develop and improve services, Content Personalisation, Subscription & Loyalty Programs.
Table 2: How We Use and Disclose Your Personal Information
Table 2 below describes the sources for each category of personal information we collect, the entities to whom we (i) may disclose your personal information; (ii) we may sell your personal information; and (iii) with whom we may share your personal information for cross-context behavioural advertising and targeted advertising.
Category
Source
Shared with
Identifiers
Directly from consumers
Website cookies
Our Affiliates; customer service providers; payment processors;  Social Media platforms and Third-Party Services providers; advertising networks; advertising platforms; data analytics providers; our security, fraud, and legal compliance partners.
Customer records information
Directly from consumers
Customer service providers; payment processors; Third-Party Services providers.
Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law
N/A
Commercial information
Directly from consumers
From our Third-Party Services providers
Our Affiliates; customer service providers; payment processors; data analytics providers; our security, fraud, and legal compliance partners.
Internet or other similar network activity information
Directly from consumers
From our Third-Party Services providers
Our Affiliates; customer service providers; Social Media platforms and Third-Party Services providers; advertising networks; advertising platforms; data analytics providers; our security, fraud, and legal compliance partners.
Geolocation data
Directly from consumers
From our Third-Party Services providers
Our Affiliates; customer service providers; payment processors;  Social Media platforms and Third-Party Services providers; advertising networks; advertising platforms; data analytics providers; our security, fraud, and legal compliance partners.
California “Shine the Light”
Under California Civil Code Section 1798.83 (“
Shine the Light
”), if you reside in California, you have the right to ask us one time each year if we have shared personal information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make a request, please send us an email at the contact details provided below in Section 18, and indicate that you are a California resident making a “Shine the Light” inquiry. Requests are free of charge.
12. Your rights under the LGPD
This section describes your rights under the Brazil general data protection law (“
LGPD
”) and explains how you can exercise those rights.
This section of the Policy applies to:
Personal data collected in Brazil;
Personal data processing activities that are carried out in Brazil;
Personal data processing activities whose purpose is to process personal data of individuals in Brazil; and/or
Personal data processing activities whose purpose is to offer or provide goods or services to individuals in Brazil.
In certain circumstances, for example if you are a Brazil resident, you may exercise the rights available to you (with some exceptions and restrictions) under the LGPD. Please see Section 10 above for details of the rights of information, access, portability, deletion, correction, revoke consent for direct marketing and opt-out of online behavioural advertising. Also, see Section 10 above for details of how to exercise your rights. Please include in your request that you are making your request under the LGPD.
13. Data retention and account deletion
We store your data for no longer than necessary in relation to the purpose under which such data was collected. This is determined on a case by case basis and depends on things such as the nature of the data provided, why it was collected, the legal basis we rely upon to process the data, and our relevant legal or operation retention requirements. For example, if you request to delete your account, we still have to retain some data for fraud prevention purposes and financial auditing.
Please note that we evaluate deletion requests against our processing for the purposes of journalism, which includes original content and accompanying comments. When we receive a request to delete your personal data from our organisation, we are prepared to anonymise your comments by removing your email address and alias from your public account profile. In doing so, your comments are disassociated with your public account profile and therefore you are no longer publicly identified as the author of your comments. However, we keep your data because we may receive claims for libel and or/defamation in relation to user comments.
Please see our
Terms
and
House Rules
for more information.
14. Children and young people
Our websites, apps and other products and services are not aimed at children. We do not intentionally target, or otherwise process information from individuals who are under the age of 16.
We do not create interest segments specifically designed for the purpose of online behavioural advertising to children who are under the age of 16.
You must be at least 16 years of age to consent to online behavioural advertising via your Privacy Settings. If you are aged under 16, please ask for permission from your parent or guardian before giving us your information or using our websites or apps.
If you are a parent or guardian of a child under 16, please contact us, or our joint controllers, if you are aware that your child has used our websites or apps or otherwise provided their information to us without your consent. We shall delete or otherwise cease processing your child’s personal information within a reasonable time.
In accordance with industry best practice guidelines, we may retain your information for a reasonable amount of time to make sure that we do not contact you in the future.
15. Cookies and other identifiers
When you use our websites and apps or interact with our emails, we may collect information using cookies or similar technologies. We may also collect information using your email address. For the purposes of this section, we use the word “
cookies
” for simplicity.
What are cookies and how do they work?
Cookies are small files that are downloaded to your computer or mobile device when you visit a website. Your browser sends these cookies back to the website every time you visit the site again, so it can recognise you. This allows websites to tailor what you see on the screen.
Do you use other technologies which are similar to cookies?
Yes, we use the following:
Web beacons:
Our websites, apps and emails often contain small invisible images known as “
web beacons
” or “
tracking pixels
”. These are used in a way similar to cookies to:
understand when a particular part of a webpage, email or app is viewed;
understand how successful an article or an email marketing campaign has been; and
verify any clicks through to links or advertisements contained in emails.
Tracking URLs:
These are web links that allows us to measure when a link is clicked on. They help us measure the effectiveness of campaigns and advertising and the popularity of articles that are read.
Device identifiers:
We use device identifiers on mobile devices in the same way as cookies are used on web browsers. A device identifier is a unique number on your device which allow us to remember your device.
We use these similar technologies on websites, emails and apps, for the same purposes and in much the same way as we use cookies on websites. We shall use “
cookies
” and “
websites
” below as shorthand for “cookies and similar technologies” on “websites, emails and in apps”.
What do you use cookies for?
Cookies and other online tracking technologies are an important part of the internet. They make using websites much smoother and affect lots of the useful features of websites.
There are many different uses for cookies, but for within our sites, they fall into the following groups:
Cookies that are needed to provide the service you have asked for (Essential / Strictly Necessary)
Some cookies are essential so you can move around our websites and use their features. Without the use of these cookies parts of our websites would not function. For example:
your username and keeping you logged in during your visit – without cookies you might have to log in on every page you go to; and
when you add something to the online shopping basket, cookies make sure it is still there when you get to the checkout.
Cookies that collect information about your choices and preferences (Functional / Preference)
These cookies collect information about your choices and preferences, and allow us to remember things like:
remembering a location you’ve provided us with so we can show you relevant content to where you are and to provide local weather forecasts;
if you have filled in a survey, so you’re not asked to do it again; and
showing “related article” links that are relevant to the page you are looking at.
Cookies used to understand how people use our products and services (Analytics)
We use analytics cookies to gather information about what pages, links and sections of our apps are popular and which ones do not get used so much to help us keep our sites relevant and up to date. They are also useful to be able to identify trends of how people navigate our sites so we can identify improvements to make to the customer journey.
We may combine information collected by analytics cookies with other information that you provide to us. For instance, if you have registered for an account with us, we may combine your contact details other information you provide us with the browsing history from your device collected by analytics cookies (including data collected from before you registered and when you are signed-out).
We may also use this combined information to improve our products and services. For instance, we may analyse this information in aggregate to improve our advertising systems.
Our properties may also feature Nielsen proprietary measurement software, which will allow you to contribute to market research, such as Nielsen TV Ratings. To learn more about the information that Nielsen software may collect and your choices with regard to it, please see the Nielsen Digital Measurement
Privacy Policy
.
Cookies used to show advertising that is relevant to you (Tracking and Advertising)
Some advertising, known as “online behavioural advertising” is tailored to you and uses information collected by first party and third-party cookies based your web browsing activity.
Cookies are placed on your browser to remember the websites you have visited. Also, when you log into your account, we can recognise your UID. Advertising based on what you have been looking at is then displayed to you when you visit websites who use the same advertising networks.
To help us deliver relevant advertising using cookies, we use Google Marketing Platform. Click
here
to find out more about Google Marketing Platform.
Additionally, to help us deliver relevant advertising using cookies and track audience conversion, we use Facebook Ads. You can find more information about Facebook Ads
here
.
We also use these cookies in order to:
know how many advertisements we serve, how many times these are clicked or hovered over with a mouse cursor, how many advertisements we show to a given user and how many customer actions these generate;
understand which customers reach a sale or other action page on an advertiser’s site. This allows us to monitor how many sales or actions we achieve for an advertising client, and therefore, how effective our advertising is; and
protect our advertisers’ brands, we often use a technology that scans the page to ascertain that it is safe from profane, sensitive and potentially brand-negative topics, before serving an ad there. This process is called “
ad verification
”.
Ad-blockers:
We and our advertisers may use information from within our webpages to determine whether you have an ad-blocker enabled. This information may be stored or associated with your device (including through the use of cookies) to re-insert advertisements on our websites and to understand how our customers use ad-blockers. The advertisements that are re-inserted may include those from ad-blockers’ “white lists” or that promote our own products and services. We reserve the right to restrict your access to some or all of our website while you have an ad blocker turned on.
Do Not Track:
Our websites do not respond to “
Do Not Track
” browser settings; however, we treat Global Privacy Control signals as an opt-out of selling or sharing of personal information or targeted advertising under the State Privacy Laws.
Managing Cookies:
You can change your cookie settings on this website at any time via your
Privacy Settings
. Please note that this consent tool is not supported on certain versions of Internet Explorer. Please change your browser in order to exercise your rights under the UK GDPR or the EU GDPR.
Cookies can also be controlled using the following instructions:
Mobile Devices
: When using a mobile device, you can opt-out of receiving online behavioural advertising by selecting “
Limit Ad Tracking
” in the Settings of your Apple iPhone or iPad, or the “
Opt out of interest-based ads
” in the Settings on your Android device. You may also be able to reset your unique identifier used for online behavioural advertising (referred to as an “
Advertising ID
”) in the Settings on your Apple or Android device.
Online Behavioural Advertising cookies:
: If you are primarily concerned about third party cookies generated by advertisers, you can turn these off by going to
Your Online Choices
.
Web-Beacons:
You can usually prevent the operation of web-beacons by changing your web-browser
Privacy Settings
and your ad choices, or for those in emails, by switching off images in your email client or viewing emails using only the “text” display (rather than “HTML” display’). See the “Help” section of your email client for instructions. Please see the
All About Cookies
website for further information about managing your options.
You can also visit the trade body representing these advertising platforms where you can control your third-party online advertising preferences by going to the
Network Advertising Initiative
.
Browsers:
The links below take you to the help sections for each of the major browsers that will tell you how you can manage your cookies:
Firefox
Internet Explorer
Microsoft Edge
Chrome
Safari OS
Safari iOS
Android
Blackberry
Windows Phone
Please note that our website, apps and other products and services may not work correctly (or at all) if you change certain preferences. For example, you may not be able to purchase products via our websites. However, you may still be able to place an order via our telephone order line.
Where you use our apps, similar technologies to cookies are used for analytics, it is not presently possible to opt-out of these similar technologies. If you are not happy to be included in our analysis, please do not use our apps.
Please also note that after applying these settings, you will continue to receive advertising, however, it may not be tailored to your likely interests using information collected from cookies and similar technologies on your device.
16. How we protect your personal information
Personal information is maintained on our servers or those of our vendors, and is accessible by authorized employees, representatives, and agents as necessary for the purposes described in this privacy policy.
We use reasonable and appropriate physical, technical, and organizational safeguards designed to promote the security of our systems and protect the confidentiality, integrity, availability, and resilience of personal information. Those safeguards include: (i) the pseudonymization and encryption of personal information where we deem appropriate; (ii) taking steps to ensure personal information is backed up and remains available in the event of a security incident; and (iii) periodic testing, assessment, and evaluation of the effectiveness of our safeguards.
However, no method of safeguarding information is completely secure. While we use measures designed to protect personal information, we cannot guarantee that our safeguards will be effective or sufficient. In addition, you should be aware that Internet data transmission is not always secure, and we cannot warrant that information you transmit utilizing the Properties is or will be secure.
17. Updates to this Policy
We reserve the right to make changes to this Policy. Where changes are made, we shall post the revised Policy here with an updated effective date. Please check regularly for any changes to this Policy. Your continued use of our products and services after the effective date of the revised Policy (or such other act specified at that time) will constitute your consent to those changes. However, we will not, without your consent, use your personal information in a manner materially different from what was stated at the time your personal information was collected.
18. How to contact us
If you have any queries or comments about this Policy or wish to exercise any of your rights under the UK GDPR, the EU GDPR, the State Privacy Laws or other laws, we encourage you to contact us at: dataprotection@dmgmedia.co.uk or using the free toll numbers for California on 877-439-7822 and Virginia on 888-583-2992,
Alternatively, you can write to us at:
Legal Department – Data Protection & Privacy
Associated Newspapers Limited
Northcliffe House
2 Derry Street
London, W8 5TT
U.K.
Alternatively, you can also write to us at
:
Associated Newspapers (Ireland) Limited
Top Floor,
Two Haddington Buildings,
20-38 Haddington Road,
Dublin 4,
D04 HE94
Republic of Ireland
You can write to our DPO at
:
Dunphy-Moriel Legal Services Ltd.
F.A.O. Data Protection office - Associated Newspapers Ltd.
85 Great Portland Street
First Floor
London, W1W 7LT
UK
Advertisement
Share or comment on this article: 
                        Privacy & Cookies Policy (the 'Policy')
e-mail
Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
POPULAR MONEY SECTIONS
Take me to…
Best savings rates tables
Find the best mortgage calculator
Power Portfolio investment tracker
Stock market data and share prices
This is Money's podcast
This is Money's newsletter
The best DIY investing platforms
The best bank accounts
The best cash Isas
The best credit cards
Save on energy bills
Compare broadband and TV deals
How to find cheaper car insurance
Investing Show videos
Financial calculators
Search
Enter search term
Search
Search within
All articles
Share prices
Advertisement
DON'T MISS
Why are water bills rising by up to 47% next month?
Britain's 'first-ever electric sports car maker' founded by former Tesla execs debuts £65k featherweight EVs
ECB boss Christine Lagarde warns over trade war inflation risk as Europe retaliates to Trump's tariffs
Number of maxed out Junior Isas surges by 45% as parents and grandparents utilise £9k limit
Higher rate tax trap snares 680,000 more people - are you being caught?
Five golden rules you MUST follow to build a tax-free super Isa - and maximise your allowance
Housing market in doldrums over Trump tariffs: Demand slumps to its lowest level since 2023
HMRC makes major change to side hustle tax and will adopt US-style snoop scheme to tackle tax evasion
It IS ethical to back defence firms, insists Legal and General boss Antonio Simoes amid growing backlash against 'woke' investing
Want to win a French chateau? Apply to be on Channel 4's new show!
My dad's neighbour wants to cut down hedges that have given him privacy for years. Can he stop them? DEAN DUNHAM replies
Ivanka Trump may be the World Bank's ace card as it fights for survival: ALEX BRUMMER
What is a Bed & Isa? The smart move to protect your investments from tax
How to sort out ALL your savings in just an hour on your lunch break
The 20 most cashless cities revealed... plus the ones that are holding out
Pension gurus on top-ups and sums behind a comfortable retirement: This is Money podcast
MOST READ MONEY
I want to leave my second home to my grandchildren: What's the most tax efficient way to do it?
Teachers are eligible for Blue Light Discount - what is it and is it worth the fee?
My battle plan to ride out the TRUMP SLUMP - and make your investments great again: JEFF PRESTRIDGE
Nationwide hands £50 cash bonus to members - will you get paid one?
Don't let your bank pull this sneaky trick to cut your rate, says SYLVIA MORRIS
Used EVs 'close to tipping point' where they become more popular than second-hand petrol and diesel cars, study claims
Debenhams is back! Struggling Boohoo group rebrands its fashion empire - but historic department store chain will remain online only
Carpet in the bathroom, foam in the attic - the telltale signs that dream home will turn into a giant money pit
Half of parents happy to let grown-up kids live at home as rents and house prices soar
The colossal tax raid that explains why high earners say they don't feel rich: SIMON LAMBERT
Money owed on mortgages reaches RECORD high
Volvo considering axing estate cars FOR GOOD: Is it the end of the road?
Asian investment trusts offer a cheap opportunity in a volatile market: The INVESTING ANALYST
This week marks 25 years since the dot-com bubble peaked - here's what AI investors can learn from it
Car crash for Musk as value of Tesla halves: Shares tumble 50% in three months
How the pension freedom 'class of 2015' nearly doubled their money
Ford recalls 26,000 plug-in hybrid SUVs but warns fix isn't ready  and tells owners NOT to charge due to battery fire risk
Most popular stocks and funds ahead of Isa deadline - are defence stocks the new Magnificent Seven?
Government issues urgent warning over DWP payment set to be scrapped in weeks - here's what to do
British skiers are flocking to Norway: SIMON LAMBERT visited Norefjell to find out why
Do you live in one of the 10 areas of Britain where people drive the oldest cars?
A mortgage is now a FIFTH cheaper than rent - but there's one region where tenants still fork out less
'Bank of Dave' boss DAVE FISHWICK reveals his best financial decision
Drivers 'confused' by electric cars, ministers warned - and one in five are 'diehard' against ever owning one
Slashing cash Isa allowance will make investing seem like a booby prize: RACHEL RICKARD STRAUS
Major bank issues warning over huge surge in driving lesson and test scams
Fancy a fixer-upper? Four classic cars salvaged from garages after 40 years to sell at auction for up to £75k
Chinese cars: Are they ethical, should you be concerned about spyware and why are they so cheap?
EDF launches new fixed energy tariff CHEAPER than April's price cap
Pet insurance has become so costly that owners are cancelling, says JEFF PRESTRIDGE
Half of mortgage lenders now offer cheaper rates for properties with top eco credentials
The reason Donald Trump is making a meal over the price of the humble egg
Donald Trump's power will be contained by financial markets, says HAMISH MCRAE
John Lewis staff bonus at risk as Budget tax hikes hit High Street
My dad is going to gift me £90,000 to sidestep inheritance tax - will I still be able to claim Universal Credit?
I paid for renovations to my holiday let - do I need tax help over new rules in April? HEATHER ROGERS
Cost of first and second class stamps will go up AGAIN in April
Five of the best cash Isas: We pick the top fixed-rate and easy-access deals
With defence spending set to kickstart manufacturing, it's time to cash in on rebirth of UK industry
Volvo's new EV gunning for the Tesla Model 3
DMG Media and its partners process, store and/or access information on a device.
We and our
partners
process, store and/or access data such as IP address, unique ID and browsing data to display personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement audience research and services development.  To collect this data, we use cookies or similar tracking technologies ("Cookies"). We and our partners usually rely on your consent for such processing, but in some cases, we may rely on legitimate interest.
Click "
Got it
" if you are happy for us and our partners to collect and use this data for the purposes set out above. Alternatively, click "
Manage Settings
" to learn more about how we and our partners use this data as well as how you can
reject or change our use of Cookies
or otherwise
opt out of our processing
of your data.
You can control how your data is used, view our 1160 partners and view more info at any time via the Cookie Settings link in our
Privacy Policy
. Your preferences will apply to this website only.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.nectar.com/about/privacy-and-legal/privacy-policy:
Privacy Policy
Table of contents
Introduction
What personal data do we use?
Personal data you share with us
Additional personal data we receive about you
How we will use your personal data , and our basis for doing so
Who will we share your personal data with?
International Transfers
How long will you keep my personal data?
Your choices and rights
Contact us
Introduction
By participating in the Nectar programme in the United Kingdom (the “Programme”), we will collect and use personal data about you and any additional collectors within your account. Companies participate in the Programme by offering Nectar points (“Points”) or a place to redeem them (we call these companies “Nectar Partners”). Through participating in the Programme we will learn about what you buy, and you may receive offers and marketing from Nectar Partners, the companies whose products they sell or advertise (“Brands”) and other third parties through various Marketing Channels (by this we mean ways of receiving advertising or offers, including email, post, SMS, our Nectar app and Nectar Connect, and may include other digital channels such as websites, apps, social media and advanced TV).
This privacy policy explains what personal data we collect, the way we use it and why, the circumstances when we may share it, and your choices and rights with respect to your personal data.
What personal data do we use?
Personal data you share with us
Account Information
This is personal data such as your name, home address, email, and telephone number that you share with us when you create your Nectar account.
Transaction Information
When you shop with our Nectar Partners and use your Nectar card, e.g. when you swipe your card or buy something on an account you’ve linked with Nectar, we receive personal data about that transaction. This can include details about the transaction such as what you purchased and where you purchased it. If you use Nectar Connect, you also share transactions and transaction history related to the payment card you signed up with, you can find out more about Nectar Connect by visiting
https://www.nectar.com/about/privacy-and-legal/nectar-connect
.
Programme Analytics
This is personal data regarding how you interact with the Programme. This includes:
which offers you engage with and use
the Points redemptions you make
how you interact with and experience our websites and apps
predictions about your interests, shopping habits and characteristics – we call these “profiled characteristics”
Surveys and Market Research
This is personal data that you share with us when you take part in surveys, questionnaires or market research run by us, our Nectar Partners, or research partners.
Contact Centre Information
This is the contents of chats, calls and correspondence with our Contact Centre or with our chatbot on the Nectar website, and any associated data.
Competitions Data
When you enter competitions operated by Nectar or our Nectar Partners, you may share personal data with us, such as your entry, contact and delivery details.
Device information, cookies & similar technologies
This is personal data from devices you use to access the internet, including our services such as our websites and apps, received via e.g. cookies and other similar technologies such as pixels. This could be information such as IP addresses, MAC addresses, unique IDs such as advertising IDs, location data, information about your browser, or details contained in URLs used in our communications with you (e.g. offer links in emails).
Cookies are small data files that websites or apps place on your device. To find out more about cookies and similar technologies, please visit our
Cookie Policy
.
Back to top
Additional personal data we receive about you
Data from Nectar Partners and Brands
Nectar Partners and Brands may share personal data with us (e.g. when you link your account) which they have collected during their relationship with you. This may be information such as how you use their website and apps, your transactions with them, competitions, surveys and marketing you’ve responded to, other loyalty schemes you’ve engaged in, or profiled characteristics attributed to you from your interactions with that company.
Data from third party data companies
This is personal data that we receive or use provided by companies that provide customer information or that is publicly available. These might be companies that help us verify or update your address, or companies that provide us with information on your modelled household profile. This could be received at an individual or an anonymous level such as information based on your post code (e.g. Experian, CACI, Royal Mail).
Social Media and Digital Advertising
–
If we market to you using social media or digital advertising platforms (e.g. Google or Facebook), we may use segmentations available on those platforms to help make our marketing more relevant to you.
Anonymous data
When personal data has identifying details removed, that information can become anonymous. This can happen if we remove details such as names and addresses, or aggregate personal data into groups and keep only the information about the groups (e.g. information about people at a post code level or a report of shopping behaviour broken down by age), or when we create models from personal data that identify certain characteristics associated with certain traits (e.g. customers likelihood to buy a particular product or category).
Because we can’t identify people within anonymous data, it is treated differently from personal data and is not covered by this policy.
Pseudonymised data
Pseudonymised data is similar but slightly different from anonymous data. Although identifying details such as names and addresses are removed, it is possible to identify them by reference to a ‘key’ held separately. Pseudonymised data may be used to enhance security and privacy by enabling data to be processed at an individual level without requiring identifying details to do so. Pseudonymised data remains personal data and is covered by this policy.
Back to top
How we will use your personal data, and our basis for doing so
This section explains when we process your personal data, and why we do it. In these use cases, we may use an automated decision-making process which takes into account the types of data listed in each section. For example, when using automated decision-making processes to market to you based on your Nectar profile, we might take into account Transaction Information, Account Information and Programme Analytics.
In some cases, you have the right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which has legal effects for you or affects you in a similarly significant way.
If you are seeking to exercise this right, please contact us using the details in the “Contact Us” section below.
To operate the Programme
We will use your personal data to operate the Programme, including to:
Use
Category of personal data
Legal basis
Manage your Nectar account, and operate our apps and websites and tailor these to you
Account Information
Transaction Information
Programme Analytics
Device information, cookies & similar technologies
Legitimate Interest
Consent (e.g. for Device information, cookies & similar technologies, or if certain sharing of data is on an opt-in basis)
Contractual Necessity
Allow you to link your Nectar account with your accounts at our Nectar Partners
Account Information
Device information, cookies & similar technologies
Data from Nectar Partners and Brands
Legitimate Interest
Consent (e.g. for Device information, cookies & similar technologies, or if certain sharing of data is on an opt-in basis)
Enable you to collect and redeem points at Nectar Partners
Account Information
Transaction Information
Programme Analytics
Device information, cookies & similar technologies
Legitimate Interest
Contractual Necessity
Consent (e.g. for Device information, cookies & similar technologies)
Interact with offers in our app and at Nectar Partners
Account Information
Transaction Information
Programme Analytics
Device information, cookies & similar technologies
Data from Nectar Partners and Brands
Legitimate Interest
Contractual Necessity
Consent (e.g. for Device information, cookies & similar technologies)
Match data with Nectar Partners to aid coordination of marketing of the Programme across Nectar and Nectar Partner channels
Account Information
Data from Nectar Partners and Brands
Legitimate Interest
Match data with prospective Nectar Partners to assess suitability for the Programme
Account Information
Data from Nectar Partners and Brands
Legitimate Interest
Personalise your Nectar experience based on your location
Account Information
Transaction Information
Programme Analytics
Device information, cookies & similar technologies
Legitimate Interest
Consent
Provide other Programme-related services
Account Information
Transaction Information
Programme Analytics
Surveys and Market Research
Contact Centre Information
Competitions Data
Data from Nectar Partners and Brands
Data from third party data companies
Device information, cookies & similar technologies
Legitimate interest
Contractual Necessity
Consent
Ensure that applicable terms and conditions are observed
Account Information
Transaction Information
Programme Analytics
Surveys and Market Research
Contact Centre Information
Competitions Data
Data from Nectar Partners and Brands
Device information, cookies & similar technologies
Legitimate Interest
Contractual Necessity
Consent
Understand how you interact with Nectar and use that information to help create new Nectar features and services
Account Information
Transaction Information
Programme Analytics
Surveys and Market Research
Contact Centre Information
Data from Nectar Partners and Brands
Data from third party data companies
Device information, cookies & similar technologies
Legitimate Interest
Consent (e.g. for Device information, cookies & similar technologies)
Create and apply anonymous data models from and to your personal data for the uses listed above
Account Information
Transaction Information
Programme Analytics
Surveys and Market Research
Data from Nectar Partners and Brands
Data from third party data companies
Legitimate Interest
Analyse your use of the Programme
We will use information about your use of the Programme, our websites and apps to analyse your behaviour for various purposes, including to:
Use
Category of Personal Data
Legal basis
Provide information about you to our Nectar Partners and Brands
Account Information
Transaction Information
Programme Analytics
Surveys and Market Research
Data from Nectar Partners and Brands
Data from third party data companies
Device information, cookies & similar technologies
Legitimate Interest
Consent (e.g. for Device information, cookies & similar technologies)
Improve the Programme, websites and apps
Account Information
Transaction Information
Programme Analytics
Surveys and Market Research
Contact Centre Information
Data from Nectar Partners and Brands
Data from third party data companies
Device information, cookies & similar technologies
Legitimate Interest
Consent (e.g. for Device information, cookies & similar technologies)
Understand how you use the Programme
Account Information
Transaction Information
Programme Analytics
Surveys and Market Research
Data from Nectar Partners and Brands
Data from third party data companies
Device information, cookies & similar technologies
Legitimate Interest
Consent (e.g. for Device information, cookies & similar technologies)
Build a profile about you and your profiled characteristics, based on the personal data we have about you from your use of your Nectar account, our websites and apps, as well as personal data we receive from Partners, Brands and third parties
Account Information
Transaction Information
Programme Analytics
Surveys and Market Research
Contact Centre Information
Data from Nectar Partners and Brands
Data from third party data companies
Device information, cookies & similar technologies
Legitimate Interest
Consent (e.g. for Device information, cookies & similar technologies)
Create and apply anonymous data models from and to your personal data for the uses listed above
Account Information
Transaction Information
Programme Analytics
Surveys and Market Research
Data from Nectar Partners and Brands
Data from third party data companies
Legitimate Interest
Market to you based on your Nectar profile
We will use the information available to us to build a profile of you for marketing purposes, including to:
Use
Category of Personal Data
Legal basis
Personalise the marketing and offers you receive from Nectar, our Nectar Partners and Brands through various marketing channels, including email, post, SMS, our app and Nectar Connect, as well as digital channels such as websites, apps, social media and advanced TV
Account Information
Transaction Information
Programme Analytics
Surveys and Market Research
Contact Centre Information
Data from Nectar Partners and Brands
Data from third party data companies
Device information, cookies & similar technologies
Legitimate Interest
Consent (e.g. for Device information, cookies & similar technologies)
Assess the effectiveness of the marketing activities of Nectar, our Nectar Partners, Brands and third parties
Account Information
Transaction Information
Programme Analytics
Surveys and Market Research
Data from Nectar Partners and Brands
Data from third party data companies
Competitions Data
Device information, cookies & similar technologies
Legitimate Interest
Consent (e.g. for Device information, cookies & similar technologies)
Personalise marketing and offers based on your location
Account Information
Transaction Information
Programme Analytics
Device information, cookies & similar technologies
Legitimate Interest
Consent (e.g. for Device information, cookies & similar technologies)
Create and apply anonymous data models from and to your personal data for the uses listed above
Account Information
Transaction Information
Programme Analytics
Surveys and Market Research
Data from Nectar Partners and Brands
Ta from third party data companies
Legitimate Interest
Use data matches to identify relevant audiences of Nectar collectors and find them on digital channels for the purposes of marketing
Account Information
Device information, cookies & similar technologies
Data from Nectar Partners and Brands
Data from third party data companies
Legitimate Interest
Consent (e.g. for Device information, cookies & similar technologies)
Competitions
We may use your personal data when we run competitions of our own or for our Nectar Partners and Brands. As an example, this could be your Transaction Information if you needed to make a qualifying purchase to enter, or your Account Information if we needed to contact you to give you your prize.
Use
Category of Personal Data
Legal basis
Competitions
Account Information
Transaction Information
Programme Analytics
Surveys and Market Research
Contact Centre Information
Competitions Data
Device information, cookies & similar technologies
Data from Nectar Partners and Brands
Data from third party data companies
Legitimate Interest
Consent (e.g. for Device information, cookies & similar technologies)
Contractual necessity
Conduct Surveys and Market Research
Your personal data may be used to conduct surveys and market research. For example, Transaction Information may be used to identify relevant shoppers for a survey on e.g. frozen foods.
Use
Category of Personal Data
Legal basis
Conduct Surveys and Market Research
Account Information
Transaction Information
Programme Analytics
Surveys and Market Research
Competitions Data
Device information, cookies & similar technologies
Data from Nectar Partners and Brands
Data from third party data companies
Legitimate Interest
Consent (e.g. for Device information, cookies & similar technologies)
Create data models
We combine the personal data we have and analyse it to look for patterns, trends and characteristics that align with a particular outcome – for example, items that are often purchased together, or popular times to redeem points. We use this analysis to create a framework that maps out these patterns, trends and characteristics on an anonymous basis - we call these frameworks “data models” and the process of making them “data modelling”.
Data modelling helps us to analyse the way that groups of people are shopping. For instance, we might look at Transaction Information at Sainsbury’s and see that buyers of ground coffee are starting to buy coffee beans or pods instead - which could be useful information for Nectar Partners who sell coffee machines.
We can then apply data models to a personalised data set, to help us tailor the offers that we show Nectar collectors. For example, sending coffee machine offers to buyers of instant coffee.
In some circumstances we also share personal data with Nectar Partners to enable them to create their own models. Please see the “Who will we share your personal data with?” section for further details.
Use
Category of Personal Data
Legal basis
Create data models
Account Information
Transaction Information
Surveys and Market Research
Competitions Data
Data from Nectar Partners and Brands
Programme Analytics
Data from third party data companies
Legitimate Interest
Back to top
Provide customer service support
We use your personal data when you use our customer service support, e.g. when you call our contact centre or use our chatbot.
Use
Category of Personal Data
Legal basis
Provide customer service support, including verifying your identity, and for the purposes of training and process improvement
Account Information
Transaction Information
Contact Centre Information
Competitions Data
Data from Nectar Partners and Brands
Programme Analytics
Data from third party data companies
Legitimate Interest
Consent
Contractual Necessity
Security and fraud
To protect your Nectar account, to combat fraud and protect our business, we will use your personal data to implement security measures such as Multi-Factor-Authentication, and to investigate and prevent any suspected fraudulent activity across Nectar.
Use
Category of Personal Data
Legal basis
Security and fraud
Account information
Transaction Information
Contact Centre Information
Competitions Data
Data from Nectar Partners and Brands
Programme Analytics
Device information, cookies & similar technologies
Data from third party data companies
Legitimate Interest
Back to top
Who will we share your personal data with?
We may share your personal data within the Sainsbury’s Group (see ‘Who are we?’ section of
https://privacy-hub.sainsburys.co.uk/privacy-policy
), with Nectar Partners and Brands, Service Providers and other organisations (as defined later in this policy).
Sainsbury’s Group
Nectar is part of the Sainsbury’s Group. We share your personal data within the Group for purposes such as:
To operate the Programme
Analyse your use of the Programme
Market to you based on your Nectar Profile
Competitions
Conduct Surveys and Market Research
Create and apply data models
Provide customer service support
Security and fraud
For more information on how Sainsbury’s Group use your personal data, please visit the
Sainsbury’s Group Privacy Policy
.
Nectar Partners
We may share your personal data with Nectar Partners, for purposes such as:
To operate the Programme
Analyse your use of the Programme
Market to you based on your Nectar Profile
Competitions
Conduct Surveys and Market Research
Security and fraud
Create data models
The types of personal data we share with Nectar Partners include:
Account Information
Transaction Information
Programme Analytics
Surveys and Market Research
Contact Centre Information
Competitions Data
Device information, cookies & similar technologies
A list of the current Nectar Partners can be found at:
https://www.nectar.com/about/privacy-and-legal/participating-companies
Nectar Partners – Sainsbury’s Bank
We also share personal data with Sainsbury’s Bank and Argos financial services (see Who are we? section of
https://privacy-hub.sainsburys.co.uk/privacy-policy
)
(referred to collectively in this policy as ‘Sainsbury’s Bank’) to enable them to create data models designed to indicate a shopper’s credit worthiness and insurance risk. Sainsbury’s Bank creates those models by combining datasets of Transaction Information at Sainsbury’s, Argos, Habitat and Tu with datasets such as credit worthiness and credit performance data or insurance performance data. They apply the data models they create to personal data we share with them to offer Nectar collectors a more convenient product (such as pre-approval for credit) or, with your consent, to give you a better deal on a financial product such as credit or insurance.
From time to time we may also enter partnerships which mean that we share more data than is set out above. In those circumstances you will be presented with clear additional information at the point that you choose to link your account. You can find that information by visiting the relevant Nectar Partner’s page within the Nectar app or website.
Brands
We may share your personal data with Brands for the following purposes:
Analyse your use of the Programme
Market to you based on your Nectar Profile
Competitions
Surveys and Market Research
The types of personal data we share with Brands include:
Account Information, with your consent
Pseudonymised Account Information
Device information, cookies & similar technologies
Programme Analytics
Transaction Information
Surveys and Market Research
Competitions Data
Suppliers and Service Providers
We work with different companies so that they can help us run the Programme, as well as deliver other services you require from us or we think you might be interested in. We share the personal data we have with those suppliers and service providers for the following purposes:
To operate the Programme, e.g.:
Mailing houses to send you information or offers by post
Affiliate marketing networks to bring you some of our offers
Companies that provide IT and Cloud infrastructure services and support
Market to you based on your Nectar profile, e.g.:
Online and social platforms such as Google or Facebook
Advanced TV platforms such as Sky AdSmart
Advertising and marketing agencies
Companies which help us deploy our emails, such as Salesforce
Companies which help us deploy SMS and other campaigns through electronic means
Coupons you receive at till
Analyse your use of the Programme, e.g.:
Companies that provide analytics support
Companies that provide data matching support
Competitions, e.g.:
Companies who administer competitions for us so they run smoothly and fairly
Surveys and Market Research, e.g.:
Companies who conduct market research on our behalf or in conjunction with us
Provide Customer Service Support, e.g.:
Companies who run our contact centres, which need your personal data to identify or contact you as well as deal with your query
Create Data Models and anonymise data, e.g.:
Companies which offer anonymisation and data modelling services
Other organisations
We may also share your personal data with other organisations including:
If we're discussing selling or transferring part or all of Nectar, we may share your personal data to prospective purchasers and their advisers - but only so they can evaluate the relevant business
If we are reorganised or sold to another organisation, we may transfer personal data we hold to them so they can continue to provide the Programme to you
If we are required to by law, under any code of practice by which we are bound or where we are asked to do so by a public or regulatory authority
If we need to do so in order to exercise or protect our legal rights, users, systems and services
In response to requests from individuals (or their representatives) seeking to protect their rights or the rights of others. We will only share your personal data in response to requests which do not override your privacy interests. For example, we will not share your personal data with individuals who are merely curious about you, but we will share your personal data to e.g. insurers, solicitors, employers etc. which have a demonstrable legitimate interest in your personal data
Back to top
International Transfers
From time to time we transfer your personal data outside of the United Kingdom for the purposes described in this privacy policy.  When we do this, your personal data will continue to be subject to one or more appropriate safeguards set out in the law. These might be the use of model contracts in a form approved by the Information Commissioner’s Office (“ICO”), having the recipient sign up to an independent privacy scheme approved by regulators, or transferring to a jurisdiction that is subject to a relevant adequacy decision.
Where we put in place appropriate safeguards to protect personal data we transfer, the safeguards may include securing additional legal agreements to protect your information. You can obtain a copy of these agreements by contacting us using the details in the ‘Contact Us’ section below.
Back to top
How long will you keep my personal data?
We will keep your information for as long as is necessary for us to fulfil the purposes that we describe in this policy. As a general rule, however, we will keep the personal data we process for the duration of your membership with the Programme.
If you do not earn or redeem Points for a period of 12 months we may, in accordance with the Collector Rules, deem you to be inactive and suspend or close your account. Your personal data will be kept and securely stored for a further period of 12 months after you are deemed to be inactive, following which we will ensure that your personal data is no longer retained.
If you would like to request deletion of your personal data, please see the ‘Your choices and rights’ section below.
Back to top
Your choices and rights
You have a number of rights under data protection legislation which, in certain circumstances, you may be able to exercise in relation to the personal data we process.
Note that some of the choices or changes you make may impact our ability to maintain your account or provide you with Points or Rewards (for which you can exchange Points collected), and your account may need to be closed. We will notify you if such action is necessary.
Accessing or rectifying your personal data
You can use the Account section of our website or app to:
access and update the contact and personal details we hold about you
view your Points statement and Programme account transaction history
To request a copy of the personal data we hold about you, or to correct inaccurate personal data that you cannot change using our website or app, please contact the Privacy Team using the details in the Contact Us section.
Deletion
To request that we delete the personal data we hold about you, please contact the Privacy Team using the details in the Contact Us section.
Object, Restrict, Withdraw Consent and Port
You can use the Account section of our website or app to:
Opt-out of receiving marketing communications to your device and/or by telephone including calls to your mobile or other number, SMS, and email from us
Opt-out of receiving postal marketing communications from us, Nectar Partners and Brands
Opt-out of your personal data being used to tailor the Digital Advertising you receive on our Digital Advertising page (
https://www.nectar.com/digital-advertising
)
Change your cookie preferences
In most cases, manage the Nectar Partners your Nectar account is linked to
To ask that we restrict, or to object to, the processing of your personal data in ways not listed above or to exercise your right to Data Portability, please contact the Privacy Team using the details in the Contact Us section.
Where we rely on consent as the legal basis on which we process your personal data, you may withdraw that consent at any time. To do so, please contact the Privacy Team. Please note that withdrawing your consent does not impact the lawfulness of our prior processing of your personal data based on that consent.
Back to top
Contact Us
We are Nectar 360 Limited, a company registered in England under number 4224736. Our registered office is at 33 Holborn, London, EC1N 2HT. We are the Data Controller. We are owned by the Sainsbury’s Group.
If you would like to exercise one of your rights as set out in the “Your choices and rights” section above, or you have a question or a complaint about this policy, or the way your personal data is processed, please contact us by one of the following means:
By email:
privacy@sainsburys.co.uk
By post: Nectar Data Protection Officer at Privacy Team, Sainsbury's Supermarkets Ltd, 17th Floor, Arndale House, Manchester, M4 3AL
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the UK regulator, the Information Commissioner. Go to ico.org.uk to find out more.
Back to top
Last updated: 8 March 2022
We value your privacy
We use cookies to help give you the best experience on our site and to allow us and third parties to customise the marketing content you see across websites and social media. For more information see our
Cookie Policy
Manage Preferences
Accept All Cookies
Cookie Preference Centre
Learn more about what each cookie category does and choose your settings (toggle right to opt in or left to opt out).
Cookie Policy
Allow All
Manage Cookie Preferences
Always Active
These technologies are needed to enable our websites and apps to run and to keep it secure.
Cookies Details‎
Performance / Analytics
These technologies tell us how customers use our sites and apps, and provide information to help us improve the website, apps and your browsing experience.
Cookies Details‎
Functional
These technologies allow us to provide enhanced functionality and personalise content for you. For example they're used to recognise you when you return to our website or app. If you do not allow these technologies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookies Details‎
Marketing
These technologies help us decide which products, services and offers may be relevant for you. We use this data to customise the marketing content you see on websites, apps and social media. They also help us and carefully-selected third parties understand the performance of our marketing activities and improve the relevance of the adverts that you see. These technologies are set by us or our carefully-selected third parties.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Performance Cookies
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
View Cookies
Name
cookie name
Sub-policy 1
https://global-savings-group.com/privacy-policy/:
To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.
The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.
The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.
The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.
Manage options
Manage services
Manage {vendor_count} vendors
Read more about these purposes
Accept
Deny
View preferences
Save preferences
View preferences
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Imprint
Home
>
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
When you use our website, you trust us with your information.
Below is the Privacy Policy that explains how we use your data, why we use your data and what we do with your data. This is important, please take the time to read this policy.
Data Privacy Policy Updated: 14.11.2022
This Privacy Policy applies to Atolls.com and Coupons.com. If you visit pages outside these websites, please inform yourself there about the respective handling of your data.
With respect to the website
coupons.com
, Atolls, operates portions of the
coupons.com
website. By visiting and interacting with the
coupons.com
website, you further consent to Atolls collecting, using, and sharing your personal information subject to the terms of this privacy policy.
This Privacy Policy only applies to the following websites: Atolls.com and Coupons.com (“Website”). Other websites connected directly or indirectly with this website, do not fall within the scope of this privacy policy.
Data protection at a glance
Who we are and what we do
Accessing and using the website
Special functions of the website
Newsletter subscription
Sweepstakes, contests etc.
Information from business partners
Cookies
Integration of social networks and other plugins
Use of third party tools
Disclosure of your personal data
Your rights
Contact and data protection officer
Changes to this privacy policy
1 Data protection at a glance
This section gives you a brief overview about the collection, processing and use of your personal data and the use of cookies when you visit and/or interact with this Website, its content and services. The details of our practices and your rights in that regard are explored in greater detail throughout this privacy policy.
In order to provide this Website to you, we collect, process and use the following data.
Access data:
With regard to each of your visits to this Website, our web-servers record technical information which your browser automatically transmits. This includes the internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer or mobile device to the internet, the browser type and version you use, the operating system and date and time of your access.
[Details]
.
Personal data you provide to us:
We collect information about you that you actively provide to us by using special functions of this Website, such as our contact or survey forms. These data includes your email address and/or other details which are necessary for the provision and use of the respective services.
[Details]
. The same applies in case you subscribe to our email newsletter
[Details]
or in case you participate in sweepstakes, contests
[Details]
.
Usage Data:
In addition we actively collect further information about your visit to this Website and your usage of its services and content. That information includes the full uniform resource locators (URL) clickstream to, through and from this Website (including date and time), visited sub-pages, information you searched for, response times, length of visits to certain pages, email openings and which banners or links on the website or in an email were clicked on. We use such data for a variety of purposes. For example we use this information to better understand your needs and preferences so that we can improve this Website and its functions and to provide you with more relevant and interest-based contents.
[Details]
.
Cookies and similar tracking technologies:
We automatically collect such usage data with the help of cookies and similar technologies. We may store unique identifiers in such cookies that can be used to identify your browser on subsequent visits to this Website.
[Details]
.
Third-Party technologies:
We also allow selected third parties to use cookies or similar technologies on this website. These third parties include analytics, advertising networks and other service providers that assist us in providing, evaluating, and improving this website and our services and to provide targeted advertising based on your browsing activities and interests.
[Details]
.
Social media networks and other platforms:
We may use plugins from social media networks and other platforms on this website that may allow you to share content with these networks/platforms or use their services on our Website, e.g. Google Maps. If you use these features, these networks/platforms may use their own cookies to collect data about you.
[Details]
.
Disclosure to third parties:
We may disclose some of your information to business partners in connection with the redemption of promotional offers published on this Website, to affiliated companies who provide joint content and services (such as newsletter and customer support) or to service providers who perform certain services on our behalf, but only to the extent necessary to perform the respective services. Some of the service providers may be located in a country outside Switzerland and the EU/EEA. However, we exclusively work with companies that offer an appropriate data protection level.
[Details]
.
2 Who we are and what we do
This website (“Website”) provides you with free information about current online bargains, discounts, last-minute vouchers and/or similar promotional offers (“offers”).
Operator of this Website is CupoNation GmbH, Radlkoferstraße 2, 81373 Munich, Germany (“CupoNation”, “we”, “us”), a company of Atolls GmbH, Radlkoferstraße 2, 81373 Munich, Germany (“Atolls”). Within Atolls, CupoNation is responsible for the overall strategy, restructuring, product development, marketing strategy and quality assurance for the entire group. In this function CupoNation also decides about the purposes and means of the processing of personal data that is collected in connection with the websites of Atolls. Therefore, CupoNation is the controller of such data.
We collect and process your personal data in accordance with applicable data protection laws, in particular with the GDPR. Insofar as we obtain your consent for the processing of your personal data (e.g. when subscribing for our newsletter or participating in online surveys), Art. 6(1) lit. a GDPR and Art. 6(1) lit. c GDPR serves as the legal basis therefore. In the context of the execution of competitions, Art. 6(1) lit. b GDPR serves as the legal basis for the processing of personal data. Regarding any other processing activities as described in this privacy policy the processing is based on Art. 6(1) lit. f. GDPR, according to which the processing of personal data is permitted, if processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by our company or by a third party, except where such interests are overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of our users which require protection of personal data.
3 Accessing and using the website
3.1 Access data (Log files)
With each call of this Website our servers automatically store general access data about this process in server log files.
These data include:
the called Website
the IP address of the requesting system
the type of browser and version used
the operating system used
We do not aggregate such data with other data sources. The temporary storage of the IP address in logfiles is necessary for technical reasons and to ensure the security of our system, in particular relating to the recognition of misuse. These purposes also constitute our legitimate interest according to Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR. We only retain such data for as long as it is necessary for the stated purposes. IP addresses will be deleted or masked after 14 days at the latest.
3.2 Other data that we may collect
In addition we collect and process information about your use of this Website and interaction with its content and services.
For this purpose we use cookies and similar technologies which contain a unique identifier, consisting of a string which enables websites to recognize devices used to access a website on each subsequent visit throughout its lifetime. These identifiers do not allow us to draw any conclusions as to your identity. For more information about the specific types of cookies and similar technologies served through this website, their purposes and your options to manage them, please refer to our
Cookie policy
.
The information collected may include:
Java on / off
Cookies on / off
IP-address in a shortened form (last three digits of the IP address are deleted)
Referrer-URL (i.e. the previously visited site)
Operating system
Date and time of the visit
Your browsing activity (such as scroll positions, clicks and mouse movements)
Time and duration of page interactions
Search queries made
Clicks on banners and links
Other information about how you interacted with this Website
We may use and disclose such information for the following purposes:
to provide, customize, measure and improve this Website, its content and functionalities
This includes our use of the data to provide, manage and improve the technical and functional aspects of the Website, to design the Website more user-friendly as well as to optimise the selection of its contents and functionalities. This also includes internal business purposes such as troubleshooting, data analysis, testing and research.
to process and record your redemption of promotional offers
As we finance ourselves through commissions to provide our service free of charge to you, we may use information about your visit to our website, i.e. your click on of promotional offers for reporting purposes in order to bill and collect our commission from business partners.
to provide you with personalised content
We also use this information to tailor our content and promotional offers we may display on this Website or send to you to your interests. For this purpose we create pseudonymised usage profiles. These usage profiles help us to better understand your needs and preferences so that we can provide you with individual and interest-based contents and promotional offers. Pseudonymous usage profiles do not allow us to draw any conclusions as to your identity and we do not combine such profiles with data that directly identifies you (e.g. email address), unless you have explicitly allowed us to do so (e.g. as part of your newsletter subscription as explained in
Section 5
of this privacy policy).
for Advertising and (Re-)Targeting purposes
We or more specifically the advertising partners referred to in
clause 10.2
of this privacy policy also use this information in order to deliver targeted advertising on this Website or on websites of third parties which is based on your prior visit to this Website.
We retain this information as long as necessary and relevant for the aforementioned purposes or until you make legitimate use of your right to object to our use of such information. Pseudonymous user profiles are stored for a maximum of 24 months.
You have the right to object at any time to the display of personalised advertising by our advertising partners via the opt-out links provided under
clause 10.2
of this privacy policy. In addition, you can prevent the storage of the cookies used for such purposes by adjusting the cookie settings in your browser software. For more information, please see our
Cookie policy
.
4 Special functions of the website
4.1 Registration on our Website
You might have the possibility to register on our Website for a customer account by entering personal data into the registration mask. If you take this opportunity you may be asked to enter the following personal data:
name
surname
email address
password (encrypted)
In addition your IP address and the date and time of registration will also be automatically stored on our servers. The collection of this data is necessary in order to understand the (possible) misuse of an email address at a later date, and it therefore serves us to prove that our process is in line with legal requirements.
We process your data exclusively for the purpose of granting you access to your customer account.
We store the data collected during the registration process for the duration of the registration. Registered persons are able to change the personal data specified during the registration at any time in their customer account, or to have them completely deleted from our data stock. If you exercise this right we will delete the customer account and the personal data stored therein without delay. You can also exercise the right at any time by sending your request by email.
4.2 Contacting us
We collect your personal data that you voluntarily disclose to us when you contact us via e-mail or through a contact form provided on the Website for general or specific queries.
The contact form may ask for the following personal data to be entered:
name
email address
message text
further details for specific queries or reports, if applicable
In addition your IP address and the date and time of contact will also be automatically stored on our servers. The collection of this data is necessary in order to understand the (possible) misuse of the e-mail address at a later date, and it therefore serves us to prove that our process is in line with legal requirements.
Your request/enquiry will be transmitted and handled by one of our employees who is responsible for handling the topics addressed in your request/enquiry. Your data will only be used to handle your request/enquiry, e.g., to provide you with the service information you asked for, and will not be used for any other purpose, unless expressly permitted or required by applicable law.
We retain the personal data you provide to us when contacting us for the duration of the respective conversation with you, but no longer than for 6 months after the conversation is closed, unless applicable laws require longer retention periods in individual cases. The conversation will be considered as closed if the circumstances indicate that all relevant facts have been clarified or if you instruct us to delete your data. All personal data which were stored in the context of your conversation with us will be deleted immediately in this case.
4.3 Online Surveys
From time to time we may conduct online surveys by a questionnaire provided via this Website. Participation in these surveys is completely voluntary and you may choose whether or not to participate and therefore disclose information to us. When participating in a survey we may ask you to provide your name, email address, age and/or location. Surveys will be analysed by one of our employees who is responsible for the evaluation of surveys. We use the information submitted via the surveys solely for research and measurement purposes, including the measurement of the effectiveness and optimisation of our content and promotional activities.
We use the technical infrastructure and software solution of third parties for the creation, implementation and evaluation of such surveys. Currently we use the following third party services:
Google Forms which is provided by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA (“Google”).
TYPEFORM S.L., Carrer Bac de Roda 163, 08018 Barcelona, Spain.
When participating in a survey, the IP address of the user, information on the time and duration of the survey as well as the information provided in the survey form by the user are transferred to these service providers. Our service providers will process the information provided via the surveys as our data processor only on our behalf and in accordance with our instructions. Our service provider in particular transfer the survey results into an exportable and structured form.
We only retain personal data for as long as it is necessary for the respective survey. Personal data will then be made anonymous or will be deleted.
4.4 WhatsApp-Alert
This website may offer you the possibility to register for free WhatsApp-alerts. If you make use of this service we will send current vouchers, discount codes and/or similar offers directly to your smartphone.
In order to subscribe to the WhatsApp-alert you must click on the button featuring the WhatsApp logo, save the phone number that appears as a contact on your mobile phone and send a message via WhatsApp saying “START”. You will now start receiving messages from us.
In order to be able to offer the WhatsApp-alert we use a service, provided by the MessengerPeople GmbH, Otto-Lindenmeyerstraße 28, 86153 Augsburg. MessengerPeople provides the technical infrastructure for our WhatsApp-alerts. In order to do this MessengerPeople will collect and store your phone number, the given username and the type of device upon subscription. We only have access to your username and any messages sent by you to us.
Any data collected through this service will be stored by us and MessengerPeople for as long as your subscription is active. You can unsubscribe from our WhatsApp alert at any time by sending us a message via WhatsApp with the text “STOP”. Upon the reception of such text, you will not receive any further alerts until you subscribe again. If you want any and all communication data to be deleted, please send a message with the text “DELETE ALL DATA”.
For further information please refer to the privacy statement of MessengerPeople, available at:
https://www.messengerpeople.com/privacy/
.
4.5 DISQUS-commenting function
This Website may use the comment system of Disqus, Inc., 301 Howard Street, Suite 300, San Francisco, CA 94105, USA (“DISQUS”).
Disqus offers an online public comment sharing platform where users may login and create profiles to participate in conversations with peers. By registering with DISQUS you can comment on any website that offers this function. Disqus offers various ways of registering: You can either register directly with your own DISQUS account or through your existing accounts on Facebook, Twitter or Google Plus. If you register via one of these social media networks, the respective provider may collect and process information relating to your use of the comment system. More detailed information can be found in the data privacy policies of the respective networks. DISQUS also allows you to use the commenting function as a “guest” without registration. However some functions may not be available in that case.
If you log in using your DISQUS log-in data, a connection will be made to the DISQUS server and DISQUS will be informed that you are visiting this website and using the comment function. This information may be associated with your DISQUS account and DISQUS may use such information to deliver targeted content and advertising to you. If you prefer to opt-out of this information being collected, DISQUS allows you to do so by clicking on the
“opt-out”
button on this website:
https://disqus.com/data-sharing-settings/
.
We receive the following information from DISQUS when you make a comment: the content of your comment, your name, your email address, your password (encrypted) and the IP address assigned to you by your provider at the time you make the comment. We require the comment text in order to be able to publish this. We exclusively use such information in order to be able to get in contact with you regarding any queries relating to your comments or in order to avoid abuse. Under certain circumstances it may legally be required to delete comments or exclude them from publication (e.g. insulting comments). Otherwise the comments shall remain on this Website until the commented content is deleted by its author.
For further information regarding the processing of personal data by DISQUS please refer to DISQUS Terms of Service and Privacy Policy under
http://docs.disqus.com/help/30/
and
http://docs.disqus.com/help/29/
.
4.6 Job Applicants on our Website
If you apply to us by e-mail or via our web form, we collect and process your personal data for the purpose of handling the application procedure and for the implementation of pre-contractual measures. By sending an application on our career page, you express your interest in taking up employment with us. In this context, you are transmitting personal data to us, which we use and store exclusively for the purpose of your job application.
In particular, the following data is collected: irst and last name, e-mail address, telephone number (optional), salary expectation (optional). You also have the option of uploading meaningful documents such as a cover letter, your CV and certificates. These may contain other personal data.
Only authorized employees from the personnel area or department or team leaders involved in the application process have access to your data. Personal data is stored exclusively for the purpose of filling the vacant position for which you have applied.
We use the services of an applicant management software of Greenhouse Software Inc., 455 Broadway, New York NY, 10013 USA (“Greenhouse”) for the processing of applicant data. The data provided in connection with your application will be transmitted using encryption and stored and processed in a database operated by Greenhouse. For further details, please refer to Greenhouse’s data protection regulations at:
http://www.greenhouse.io/privacy-policy
.
Your data will be stored for a maximum period of six months beyond the end of the application process. This is generally done to fulfill legal obligations or to defend against possible claims arising from legal regulations. Afterwards we are obliged to delete or anonymize your data unless you provide your explicit consent for us to store the information in our systems for an extended, yet limited time frame in order to consider you for future vacancies.
If you receive an offer of employment with us as part of the application process and accept this offer, we will store the personal data collected during the application process at least for the duration of the employment relationship.
5 Newsletter subscription
You are free to subscribe to our newsletter. Our newsletter informs you regularly about the most recent vouchers, discount codes or other online saving opportunities for various product categories such as fashion, travel and/or electronics in connection with deals published on the websites of Atolls (Atolls.com). Your email address will only be passed to third parties, if you have given your express consent to do so in order to receive newsletters about certain products or services of these third parties.
5.1 Data collection with the registration and Double-opt in
When subscribing to our newsletter we will ask you to enter your email address in the registration mask. We will use such data solely to provide you with our newsletter.
When you subscribe to our newsletter, your IP address and the date and time of the registration will also be automatically stored on our servers. The collection of this data is necessary in order to understand the (possible) misuse of the email address of a user at a later date, and it therefore serves us to prove that our registration process is in line with legal requirements.
After you have submitted your newsletter request, we will send a confirmation email to the given email address. This confirmation email contains a link that you need to click on to confirm your subscription. This so-called double-opt-in-procedure helps us to ensure that the email-account holder has actually authorised the receipt of our newsletter.
5.2 Use of newsletter service providers
We use technical service providers which help us managing the newsletter subscriptions and providing related marketing services (“Newsletter Service Providers”). This includes service providers which may have their registered seat and servers in a state outside of the European Union e.g. in the USA. However, we exclusively work with companies that offer an appropriate data protection level in line with the stipulations of the GDPR. You can find further information relating to the sharing of data to third parties outside of the European Union under
Section 11.4
.
Currently we work with the following Newsletter Service Providers:
“MailChimp”, a service of Rocket Science Group, LLC, 675 Ponce De Leon Ave NE #5000, Atlanta, GA 30308, USA .
“ExactTarget”, a service of salesforce.com, Inc, The Landmark @ One Market, Suite 300, San Francisco, California 94105, USA.
Our Newsletter Service Provider will process your email addresses and other personal data as described in section 5.3 as our data processor only on our behalf and in accordance with our instructions to help us evaluate the usage of our newsletter, to personalize your newsletter communications, to compile reports on newsletter activity and to provide other statistical and analytical services relating to the usage of our newsletter. Our Newsletter Service Providers are in no way authorised to use the data of our newsletter subscribers in order to contact them themselves or to forward the data to third parties.
5.3 Newsletter-Tracking
We will track and evaluate your usage of our newsletter, such as email-opens and email-clicks, by means of a tracking technology made available by the Newsletter Service Provider. For this purpose the HTML-emails sent with our newsletter may contain web beacons (also called pixel tags, tracking pixel or GIFs), automatically embedded by our Newsletter Service Providers. A web beacon is a small graphic that contains unique identifiers that allow an analysis of the success or failure of our Newsletter campaigns. Our Service Provider records each subscribers email address, IP address, date, and time associated with each open and click in order to provide us with aggregated reports about how an email campaign performed and what actions subscribers took.
As part of your registration, we may ask for your consent to tailor the content of our newsletter to your personal interests. This is done by evaluating the data about your interactions with our newsletter and your use of this Website. That means that the pseudonymous Usage Data, we collected about you in the past and we will collect in the future will be attributed to your email address. This single record helps us to understand your needs and preferences even better so that we can adjust the contents of the newsletter optimally to your personal interests and to provide you with relevant content. We only combine your data as described and provide you with personalized content, if we have your express consent to do so.
The wording of your consent declaration given when subscribing for our newsletter can be viewed at the bottom of this Privacy Policy.
5.4 Retention period and right to object
We will retain your personal data for the stated purposes as long as your subscription to our newsletter is active. You may cancel your newsletter subscription and withdraw your consent in that regard at any time either via the link provided at the bottom of each newsletter or by sending an email to: datenschutz@cuponation.com.
If you merely would like to opt-out of the newsletter tracking you may configure your email program in a way that emails are presented in text form instead of HTML format. This way the web beacons will not be able to work. You can also configure your browser settings in a way that no cookies are stored on your computer. Web beacons typically only work in conjunction with cookies. However, in these cases the newsletter will not be displayed to you in full and you may not be able to use all functions.
6 Sweepstakes, contests etc
From time to time you may have the opportunity to participate in sweepstakes, contests, raffles or similar promotional activities (“Promotional Activities”) through this Website. We typically ask you for certain personal data in order for you to participate in such Promotional Activities, such as your name, surname, age, address, phone number, social media account, consumer behaviour and/or email address. We collect this information solely to administer the respective Promotional Activity (e.g. to verify your eligibility, to determine the winner and to present the award and/or to publish the winner´s name on this Website), unless you have given your explicit consent to use such data for specified other purposes. All Promotional Activities conducted via this Website are subject to the terms and conditions of each individual Promotional Activity. Such terms and conditions may provide additional information related to the processing of your personal data. Unless expressly otherwise specified, personal data collected by us in respect of Promotional Activities will not be stored any longer than is required to fulfill the purpose of the respective Promotional Activity.
7 Information from business partners
7.1 Information in relation to our commission
As we finance ourselves through commissions, we may receive information from our business partners (e.g. merchants) about your online purchases, which you may place on websites of third parties (e.g. online-shops) after a visit to this Website. Such information is transmitted to us automatically with the help of tracking cookies. We never receive information that can directly identify you but merely commission related information such as the value of your purchase and date and time of the transaction. We also work with several so-called affiliate networks (“Affiliate Networks”), which connect us with merchants and take over the technical and billing process. In these cases we receive the respective information from such Affiliate Networks. We solely use this information for billing purposes.
7.2 Personalized Coupons
Under certain circumstances our business partners offer you the possibility to redeem vouchers for goods or services offered on their website. If you have created a shopping basket but have not checked-out yet, and subsequently call this Website, some business partners may share information regarding your open shopping basket (for example purchase value and product category). For this purpose we and our respective business partners use a technology (DoubleClick for Publishers) provided by Google Inc. This technology enables us to tailor and display vouchers on this website based on the content of your shopping basket. This form of advertising is carried out completely automatically and does not allow us to draw any conclusions about your identity. We can merely stipulate general criteria of the segmentation, such as product categories, on the basis of which certain vouchers are issued. For detailed information on Google DoubleClick for Publishers and how to prevent the processing of your data by Google, please see
Section 10.2
.
8 Cookies
When you first visit this Website, we will inform you about the use of cookies and similar technologies served through this website and ask for your consent to the use of such cookies. The wording of the Cookie Consent declaration can be viewed at the bottom of this Privacy Policy. You can also change your cookie preferences at any time with effect for the future.
The specific types of cookies served through this website, their purposes and your options to manage them are described in further detail in our
Cookie policy
.
9 Integration of social networks and other plugins
We may implement so called plug-ins (“Plugins”) from social networks ( “Social Networks”) and other platforms ( “Platforms”) on certain webpages of this Website such as “Share” or “Like” buttons, video player or interactive maps. We use such Plugins in order to give you the possibility to share or recommend interesting offers in Social Networks, to use interactive maps on our Website or to watch videos and to promote our services.
You may find the following Plugins on this Website:
Plugins of the social network facebook.com which is operated by Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA (“Facebook”)
Plugins of the social network instagram.com which is operated by Instagram LLC., 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, CA, 94025, USA (“Instagram”)
Plugins of Google+ and Google Maps which are operated by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA (“Google”)
Plugins of the video platform YouTube which is operated by YouTube LLC, 901 Cherry Ave., San Bruno, CA 94066, USA, – belongs to Google Inc. – (“YouTube”)
Plugins of Twitter which is operated by Twitter Inc., 1355 Market St, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA (“Twitter”)
The Plugins can be clearly identified as they feature the logo of the associated Social Network/Platform (e.g. white “f” on blue background for Facebook).
The integration of Plugins enables the respective Social Network or Platform to collect data about you as you access a website that contains the respective Plugin. Your browser will establish a direct connection to the servers of the respective Social Network/Platform. We have no influence on the extent of the data collected by these Social Networks/Platforms via the Plugins. If you visit a website that contains a Plugin while you are logged in with the corresponding Social Network/Platform, the provider of such Social Network/Platform will be able to correlate your account data with information about your visit to the respective website (including your IP address). This information is transmitted directly to the servers of the respective providers. In addition information you intended to share with Social Networks will be published and shown to your contacts on these Social Networks. For further information, please refer to the privacy policy of the respective Social Networks and Platforms.
Data protection policy of Facebook:
http://www.facebook.com/policy.php
Data protection policy of Instagram:
https://help.instagram.com/155833707900388/
Data privacy notices of Google:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en&gl=ZZ
Data privacy notices of YouTube:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en&gl=ZZ
Data protection policy of Twitter:
https://twitter.com/en/privacy
To prevent the Plugins on our Website to collect your data, please change your:
Cookie policy
.
10 Use of third party tools
We allow certain third parties to use cookies or similar technologies on this Website. These third parties include analytics, advertising networks and other service providers that assist us in providing, evaluating, and improving this Website and our services and to provide targeted advertising based on your browsing activities and interests.
These third parties may use cookies or similar technologies and collect data about your use of this Website and your interaction with its content and functions, including the total number of visitors to this Website, the websites our visitors have come from, the pages you visit, date, time and duration of your visit, frequency, clicked banners/links as well as information about type of device, browser version, language settings and geographic location (including country, city, region). They may also collect online-identifiers (e.g. User-ID) and/or IP-addresses. We do not have access to these cookies or to any personal identifiable data collected with these cookies that allow us to identify single users. We may however use information arising from such cookies provided by these third parties. All data collected is made available to us only anonymously and in statistical form.
Some of the service providers are based in a country outside the EU/EEA. However, we exclusively work with companies that offer an appropriate data protection level in line with the stipulations of the GDPR. For more information please see
Section 11.4
Below we will give you an overview and description of third party provider technologies we may use for this Website.
10.1 Web analytics and A/B Testing tools
We have implemented all analytic tools with activated IP anonymization, so that the last three digits of the IP address are deleted directly after the data collection and only a portion of your IP address may be used and stored on the servers of the respective service providers.
10.1.1 Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analytics service provided by Google Inc., Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA (“Google”) who reports on user interactions on this website.
The information collected by Google Analytics (including the anonymized IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. According to Google only in exceptional cases the full IP address may be transmitted directly to a Google server in the USA and encrypted there. Any user-identifiers (e.g. Cookie-ID) stored by Google Analytics will automatically be deleted from Google’s´ servers after 14 months.
For further information please refer to Googles Analytics security and privacy principles:
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en
.
Opt-Out:
You can prevent the processing of your data by Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on available under
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
. The browser add-on is available for most modern browsers.
10.1.2 Parse.ly
Parse.ly is a web analysis service of Parsely, Inc., 33 East 33rd Street, 10th Floor, New York, NY 10016, USA (“Parse.ly”).
The information generated by Parse.ly about your use of this Website (including the anonymized IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Parse.ly on servers in the United States.
For further information please refer to the privacy policy of Parse.ly:
https://www.parse.ly/privacy-policy/
.
Opt-Out:
http://srv.config.parsely.com/optout
.
10.1.3 Xiti
Xiti is a web analysis service of Applied Technologies Internet S.A., 85 avenue Président JF Kennedy 33700 MERIGNAC France (“SA Internet”).
All data collected by SA Internet on this Website (including the anonymized IP address) will be stored and processed on servers in France.
Opt-Out:
http://www.xiti.com/en/optout.aspx
10.1.4 Pingdom
Pingdom is a monitoring service of Pingdom AB, Kopparbergsvägen 8, 722 13, Västerås, Sweden. With the help of this service we can analyse the loading behaviour and the availability of this Website, depending on the access location, browser and device type in order to optimise the access times.
All data collected by Pingdom on this Website (including the anonymized IP address) will be stored and processed on serves of Pingdom.
For further information please refer to the privacy policy of Pingdom:
https://www.pingdom.com/legal/privacy-policy/
.
10.1.5 Convert
Convert is an A/B-testing software of Convert Insights, Inc., 340 South Lmon Avenue 9512 Walnut, California 91789, USA (“Convert”). The software allows us to compare two versions of a Website in order to determine which version achieves a better performance. For this purpose the users of this Website may sometimes be divided equally into two groups. The one group is shown the initial version, whereas the other is shown the new version that is to be tested. Then it is analysed which version works best.
For further information please refer to the privacy policy of Convert:
https://www.convert.com/privacy-policy/
.
Opt-Out:
https://www.convert.com/opt-out/
10.1.6 Google Optimize
Google Optimize is an A/B-testing software of Google Inc. 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, United States (“Google”). The software allows us to compare two versions of a Website in order to determine which version achieves a better performance. For this purpose the users of this Website may sometimes be divided equally into two groups. The one group is shown the initial version, whereas the other is shown the new version that is to be tested. Then it is analysed which version works best.
For further information please refer to the privacy policy of Google:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
.
Opt-Out:
You can prevent the processing of your data by Google Optimize by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on available under
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en-GB
. The browser add-on is available for most modern browsers.
10.1.7 Hotjar
Hotjar is a session recording and heat mapping service provided by Hotjar Ltd, Level 2, St Julians Business Centre, 3, Elia Zammit Street, St Julians STJ 1000, Malta.
For further information please refer to the privacy policy of Hotjar:
https://www.hotjar.com/privacy
.
Opt-Out:
https://www.hotjar.com/opt-out
10.2 Advertising tools
We use third-party advertising technologies on this Website to provide you with personalized content that we believe may be of interest to you. Such third party providers may use cookies to perform these services.
You have the option to opt-out from targeted advertising provided by the third parties we work with through the designated links provided below. When you opt-out, the respective third party providers will stop serving you targeted advertising based on the data collected via your browser, but may continue to collect and use information for other purposes. The use of cookies and the related collection of information by third party providers is beyond our control. The third party provider may combine data they collect about your use of this Website with personal data they may otherwise collect or have access to.
For detailed information about what information is collected via the third-party advertising tools, how it is used and shared, please refer to their respective privacy policies, which are linked below.
10.2.1 Google
We use marketing and remarketing-functions of Google Inc. 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, United States (“Google”) on the Website. These functions allow us to display relevant content based on what pages you have visited on this Website and other websites.
The information collected by Google about your use of this Website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States.
For further information about Google’s handling of your data please refer to their privacy policy:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
(A) Google Adwords Conversion Tracking
As part of our Google AdWords’ conversion tracking, Google places a cookie on your computer (“Conversion cookie”) when you click on our ads placed in Google Search or on selected Google Display Network sites. This allows Google and us to determine the total number of users who clicked on our Google ads and later visited this Website. Google only makes data collected about you available to us anonymously and in statistical form, so we cannot draw any conclusions about your identity from such data. The information is used to generate conversion statistics and to optimize our ads on Google. Conversion cookies are not used by Google for personalized ad targeting and persist for a limited time only.
(B) Google Dynamic-Remarketing
In addition we use Google’s remarketing technology which helps us to address our users also on other websites (within the Google Display Network) specifically with targeted advertising, which is based on their prior visits to this Website.
(C) Google Adsense
We use Google AdSense Advertising on our website, in order to serve ads to our users based on previous visits to our site and other sites on the Internet. The ads served will be targeted based on your previous browsing history.
(D) Google DoubleClick for Publishers
We use DoubleClick for Publishers on this Website for our Personalized Coupons (please see
section 7.1
). Google DoubleClick enables us and the respective retailers to provide you with vouchers based on the content of your shopping basket on the retailers website. If you have created a shopping basket but have not checked-out yet, and subsequently call this Website, information regarding your open shopping basket will be shared with Google (for example purchase value and product category). We can then offer you suitable vouchers. This service is carried out completely automatically. We do not get access to any personal identifiable information, but can only define general criteria of segmentation (such as purchase value, product category) on the basis of which certain vouchers are issued to our users.
If you have a Google Account, you may disable ad personalization through Google’s advertising settings:
https://myaccount.google.com/intro/privacy#ads
. You need to be signed in to Google services to do so and the settings only apply while you are signed in. Alternatively you can also disable ads personalization by installing the browser plugin available under this link:
https://www.google.com/settings/ads/plugin?hl=en
or by using the browser tool provided on the site of Digital Advertising Alliance:
http://optout.aboutads.info/?c=2#!/
.
In addition you may at any time opt-out of cookies used by Google for such purposes by changing your browser settings. For more information regarding cookies and how you can control your cookie settings please read our
Cookie policy
10.2.2 Rakuten Advertising
This website may include third-party advertisements using content provided by Rakuten Advertising. For more information on the data collected and used, and your related rights please see
https://rakutenadvertising.com/legal-notices/services-privacy-policy/
10.3 Facebook
We use pixels on this Website, which are provided by Facebook Ireland Ltd, 4 Grand Canal Square, Dublin 2, Ireland (“Facebook Ltd”).
(A) Custom Audiences from Website (USER-DEFINED TARGET GROUP)
With the help of these pixels, Facebook Ltd. is able to determine a target group for the display of ads for this Website within the social network (“Re-Targeting”). Accordingly, we use these pixels to address our users with targeted advertising based on their prior visits to this Website while they are logged in to Facebook.
(B) Conversion Tracking
The pixel also helps us to measure and evaluate the effectiveness of our Facebook ads for statistical and market research purposes. For example, with the help of the pixels Facebook may determine how many users clicked on an ad placed on our behalf and were subsequently redirected to this Website.
(C) Facebook Impressions
In addition we receive a report from Facebook with information about user interactions with our ads placed on Facebook (e.g. number of “views”, “likes” or “comments”).
Any data collected by Facebook Ltd. is transmitted directly to one of their servers and stored there. If you are logged in to Facebook or log in to Facebook after visiting this Website, Facebook Ltd. may correlate your visit to this Website directly with your Facebook profile and use this data for its own advertising purposes. If you visit other websites that also use Facebook Pixel, this information may also be linked to your Facebook profile.
For detailed information about what information Facebook collects and how it is used and shared, please refer to Facebook’s data policy:
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
.
If you have a Facebook account, you may disable personalized advertising from Facebook through the advertising settings in your Facebook account:
https://www.facebook.com/ads/preferences/?entry_product=ad_settings_screen
. You must be signed in to your Facebook account to do so. Alternatively, you may disable personalized advertising from Facebook following the instructions on the website of the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance
http://www.youronlinechoices.com/uk/your-ad-choices
.
In addition you may at any time opt-out of cookies used by Facebook for such purposes by changing your browser settings. For more information regarding cookies and how you can control your cookie settings please read our
Cookie policy
11 Disclosure of your personal data
We only disclose your personal data to third parties, if this is necessary for the purpose of providing this Website and services, we are obligated or entitled here to by contract or law or you have granted your explicit consent.
11.1 Business partners
When you click on a promotional offer we may assign a unique identifier to this click (“Clickout-ID”), and provide this Clickout-ID to the respective business partner, on whose behalf the promotional offer is displayed. If you subsequently register or purchase something on the website of our business partner (e.g. in an online-shop), our business partner will be able to identify you as having come from our Website and we will earn our commission. We also work with several Affiliate Networks, which connect us with merchants and offer to take over the technical and billing process. In these cases we pass on the Clickout-ID to such Affiliate Networks. These Affiliate Networks may set their own tracking cookies when you visit our Website and click on an offer (e.g. on a voucher).
11.2 Local group company
In order to provide a good and efficient customer service, the customer relationship with you will be managed directly at local level by the Local Group Company. For example, the Local Group Company answers to requests that you may submit through this Website or where otherwise necessary to handle the customer relationship with you. It also helps us managing the Newsletter and its content. For these purposes, the Local Group Company may get access to your personal data controlled by us and may process personal data by itself.
11.3 Service providers
We also work with technical service providers, who may have access to your personal data, but only to the extent necessary to perform their respective services. For instance we engage technical service providers to manage our Newsletter or to host or surveys. These service providers may not disclose your personal data to third parties or use these for any other purposes than instructed.
We use Amazon Web Services (“AWS”) for hosting this website. AWS is a service of Amazon Web Service Inc, P.O. Box 81226 Seattle, WA 98108-1226, USA (“Amazon”). The data is stored exclusively in a German data center (Frankfurt am Main), which is certified according to ISO 27001, 27017 and 2018 as well as PCI DSS Level 1. All data stored by us on Amazon’s system is under our sole control and is automatically encrypted. Amazon is not allowed to access or use our data for any purpose whatsoever. For more information on AWS and data protection, please visit
https://aws.amazon.com/compliance/gdpr-center/
and
https://aws.amazon.com/privacy/
.
11.4 Data transfer outside of the EU
Some of these service providers are based in a country outside the EU/EEA. However, we exclusively work with companies that offer an appropriate data protection level in line with the stipulations of the GDPR. We also have appropriate agreements in place to ensure that the service providers will take all necessary measures to protect your personal data in accordance with applicable requirements.
12 Your rights
In respect to our processing of personal data related to you, you are entitled to the following rights free of charge.
12.1 Right to withdraw consent pursuant to art. 7 GDPR
If you have given us your consent to process your data but change your mind later, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time by sending an email or written letter to our contact address as stated below. We will stop processing your data accordingly.
12.2 Right of access pursuant to Art. 15 GDPR
You have the right to obtain confirmation from us as to whether or not any personal data concerning your person is being processed by us and, if this is the case, you shall have the right to access your information pursuant to Art. 15 GDPR. However with regard to pseudonymised usage profiles created by us we are not able to allocate these to individual persons. Accordingly, we cannot provide any information relating to these data, unless you provide us with information, which enables us to allocate such data to your person. We will point this out to you in case of an inquiry.
12.3 Right to rectification pursuant to Art. 16
You have the right to request us to rectify any inaccurate or incomplete personal data we hold about you.
12.4 Right to erasure pursuant to Art. 17 GDPR
You have the right to obtain the erasure of your personal data we hold about you, if we do not have a legal reason to continue to process and hold it.
12.5 Right to restrict processing pursuant to Art. 18 GDPR
You have the right to ask us to restrict how we process your data subject to Art. 18 GDPR. In this case we will be permitted to store the data but not further process it.
12.6 Right to data portability pursuant to Art. 20 GDPR
You are entitled to receive personal data that you have provided to us with your consent in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format or – if technically feasible – to demand that we transfer those data to a third party.
12.7 Right to object to data processing pursuant to Art. 21 GDPR
Under the requirements of Art. 21 GDPR you have the right to object to the processing of your personal data at any time on grounds relating to your particular situation (e.g. a possible risk to life or health). The aforementioned general right to object applies to all processing purposes described in this privacy policy, which are based on the legal basis of legitimate interest and/or your consent. In the event you make legitimate use of such right, we will no longer process your personal data, unless we demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing, which override your interests, rights and freedoms or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
As far as your personal data is processed for direct marketing purposes you may object to this at any time without giving reasons. In order to object to the display of personalised advertising by our advertising partners, please use the opt-out links provided under
clause 10.2
of this privacy policy. In addition, you can prevent the storage of the cookies used for such purposes by adjusting the cookie settings in your browser software. For more information, please see our
Cookie policy
12.8 Right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority
You have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority if you feel that the processing of your data is carried out by us by breaching applicable law. You can in particular reach out to the supervisory authority which is responsible at your place of residence or to the supervisory authority responsible for us.
The lead supervisory authority that is responsible for us is:
Bayerisches Landesamt für Datenschutzaufsicht (BayLDA)
[Bavarian Data Protection Authority]
Promenade 27
91522 Ansbach
Phone:
+49 (0) 981 53 1300
Fax:
+49 (0) 981 53 98 1300
Email:
poststelle@lda.bayern.de
13. Contact data and protection officer
The contact person and so-called controller for the processing of your personal data when you visit this website in the context of the GDPR is
CupoNation GmbH
Data protection
Radlkoferstrasse 2
81373 Munich
Telephone:
+49 (0) 89 960 58 699
E-mail:
datenschutz@cuponation.com
Please do not hesitate to contact our data protection officer at any time for all questions related to data protection in connection to our offered services or in connection with the use of this website.
Our data protection officer is available at the above postal address and/or the stated e-mail address. (Please indicate: “attn. data protection officer”). We expressly point out that when using the email address, the contents are not exclusively received by our data protection officer. If you would like to exchange confidential information, please first contact us via this email address for direct contact.
14. Changes to this privacy policy
We may change this privacy policy at any time with effect for the future. The then current version of this policy will be made available on the Website. While we do not intend to make changes to this policy very often, please always check our most current policy. The most recent version date is located at the top of this policy.
Manage consent
Sub-policy 2
https://www.cuponation.com/privacy-policy/:
To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.
The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.
The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.
The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.
Manage options
Manage services
Manage {vendor_count} vendors
Read more about these purposes
Accept
Deny
View preferences
Save preferences
View preferences
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Imprint
Home
>
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
When you use our website, you trust us with your information.
Below is the Privacy Policy that explains how we use your data, why we use your data and what we do with your data. This is important, please take the time to read this policy.
Data Privacy Policy Updated: 14.11.2022
This Privacy Policy applies to Atolls.com and Coupons.com. If you visit pages outside these websites, please inform yourself there about the respective handling of your data.
With respect to the website
coupons.com
, Atolls, operates portions of the
coupons.com
website. By visiting and interacting with the
coupons.com
website, you further consent to Atolls collecting, using, and sharing your personal information subject to the terms of this privacy policy.
This Privacy Policy only applies to the following websites: Atolls.com and Coupons.com (“Website”). Other websites connected directly or indirectly with this website, do not fall within the scope of this privacy policy.
Data protection at a glance
Who we are and what we do
Accessing and using the website
Special functions of the website
Newsletter subscription
Sweepstakes, contests etc.
Information from business partners
Cookies
Integration of social networks and other plugins
Use of third party tools
Disclosure of your personal data
Your rights
Contact and data protection officer
Changes to this privacy policy
1 Data protection at a glance
This section gives you a brief overview about the collection, processing and use of your personal data and the use of cookies when you visit and/or interact with this Website, its content and services. The details of our practices and your rights in that regard are explored in greater detail throughout this privacy policy.
In order to provide this Website to you, we collect, process and use the following data.
Access data:
With regard to each of your visits to this Website, our web-servers record technical information which your browser automatically transmits. This includes the internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer or mobile device to the internet, the browser type and version you use, the operating system and date and time of your access.
[Details]
.
Personal data you provide to us:
We collect information about you that you actively provide to us by using special functions of this Website, such as our contact or survey forms. These data includes your email address and/or other details which are necessary for the provision and use of the respective services.
[Details]
. The same applies in case you subscribe to our email newsletter
[Details]
or in case you participate in sweepstakes, contests
[Details]
.
Usage Data:
In addition we actively collect further information about your visit to this Website and your usage of its services and content. That information includes the full uniform resource locators (URL) clickstream to, through and from this Website (including date and time), visited sub-pages, information you searched for, response times, length of visits to certain pages, email openings and which banners or links on the website or in an email were clicked on. We use such data for a variety of purposes. For example we use this information to better understand your needs and preferences so that we can improve this Website and its functions and to provide you with more relevant and interest-based contents.
[Details]
.
Cookies and similar tracking technologies:
We automatically collect such usage data with the help of cookies and similar technologies. We may store unique identifiers in such cookies that can be used to identify your browser on subsequent visits to this Website.
[Details]
.
Third-Party technologies:
We also allow selected third parties to use cookies or similar technologies on this website. These third parties include analytics, advertising networks and other service providers that assist us in providing, evaluating, and improving this website and our services and to provide targeted advertising based on your browsing activities and interests.
[Details]
.
Social media networks and other platforms:
We may use plugins from social media networks and other platforms on this website that may allow you to share content with these networks/platforms or use their services on our Website, e.g. Google Maps. If you use these features, these networks/platforms may use their own cookies to collect data about you.
[Details]
.
Disclosure to third parties:
We may disclose some of your information to business partners in connection with the redemption of promotional offers published on this Website, to affiliated companies who provide joint content and services (such as newsletter and customer support) or to service providers who perform certain services on our behalf, but only to the extent necessary to perform the respective services. Some of the service providers may be located in a country outside Switzerland and the EU/EEA. However, we exclusively work with companies that offer an appropriate data protection level.
[Details]
.
2 Who we are and what we do
This website (“Website”) provides you with free information about current online bargains, discounts, last-minute vouchers and/or similar promotional offers (“offers”).
Operator of this Website is CupoNation GmbH, Radlkoferstraße 2, 81373 Munich, Germany (“CupoNation”, “we”, “us”), a company of Atolls GmbH, Radlkoferstraße 2, 81373 Munich, Germany (“Atolls”). Within Atolls, CupoNation is responsible for the overall strategy, restructuring, product development, marketing strategy and quality assurance for the entire group. In this function CupoNation also decides about the purposes and means of the processing of personal data that is collected in connection with the websites of Atolls. Therefore, CupoNation is the controller of such data.
We collect and process your personal data in accordance with applicable data protection laws, in particular with the GDPR. Insofar as we obtain your consent for the processing of your personal data (e.g. when subscribing for our newsletter or participating in online surveys), Art. 6(1) lit. a GDPR and Art. 6(1) lit. c GDPR serves as the legal basis therefore. In the context of the execution of competitions, Art. 6(1) lit. b GDPR serves as the legal basis for the processing of personal data. Regarding any other processing activities as described in this privacy policy the processing is based on Art. 6(1) lit. f. GDPR, according to which the processing of personal data is permitted, if processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by our company or by a third party, except where such interests are overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of our users which require protection of personal data.
3 Accessing and using the website
3.1 Access data (Log files)
With each call of this Website our servers automatically store general access data about this process in server log files.
These data include:
the called Website
the IP address of the requesting system
the type of browser and version used
the operating system used
We do not aggregate such data with other data sources. The temporary storage of the IP address in logfiles is necessary for technical reasons and to ensure the security of our system, in particular relating to the recognition of misuse. These purposes also constitute our legitimate interest according to Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR. We only retain such data for as long as it is necessary for the stated purposes. IP addresses will be deleted or masked after 14 days at the latest.
3.2 Other data that we may collect
In addition we collect and process information about your use of this Website and interaction with its content and services.
For this purpose we use cookies and similar technologies which contain a unique identifier, consisting of a string which enables websites to recognize devices used to access a website on each subsequent visit throughout its lifetime. These identifiers do not allow us to draw any conclusions as to your identity. For more information about the specific types of cookies and similar technologies served through this website, their purposes and your options to manage them, please refer to our
Cookie policy
.
The information collected may include:
Java on / off
Cookies on / off
IP-address in a shortened form (last three digits of the IP address are deleted)
Referrer-URL (i.e. the previously visited site)
Operating system
Date and time of the visit
Your browsing activity (such as scroll positions, clicks and mouse movements)
Time and duration of page interactions
Search queries made
Clicks on banners and links
Other information about how you interacted with this Website
We may use and disclose such information for the following purposes:
to provide, customize, measure and improve this Website, its content and functionalities
This includes our use of the data to provide, manage and improve the technical and functional aspects of the Website, to design the Website more user-friendly as well as to optimise the selection of its contents and functionalities. This also includes internal business purposes such as troubleshooting, data analysis, testing and research.
to process and record your redemption of promotional offers
As we finance ourselves through commissions to provide our service free of charge to you, we may use information about your visit to our website, i.e. your click on of promotional offers for reporting purposes in order to bill and collect our commission from business partners.
to provide you with personalised content
We also use this information to tailor our content and promotional offers we may display on this Website or send to you to your interests. For this purpose we create pseudonymised usage profiles. These usage profiles help us to better understand your needs and preferences so that we can provide you with individual and interest-based contents and promotional offers. Pseudonymous usage profiles do not allow us to draw any conclusions as to your identity and we do not combine such profiles with data that directly identifies you (e.g. email address), unless you have explicitly allowed us to do so (e.g. as part of your newsletter subscription as explained in
Section 5
of this privacy policy).
for Advertising and (Re-)Targeting purposes
We or more specifically the advertising partners referred to in
clause 10.2
of this privacy policy also use this information in order to deliver targeted advertising on this Website or on websites of third parties which is based on your prior visit to this Website.
We retain this information as long as necessary and relevant for the aforementioned purposes or until you make legitimate use of your right to object to our use of such information. Pseudonymous user profiles are stored for a maximum of 24 months.
You have the right to object at any time to the display of personalised advertising by our advertising partners via the opt-out links provided under
clause 10.2
of this privacy policy. In addition, you can prevent the storage of the cookies used for such purposes by adjusting the cookie settings in your browser software. For more information, please see our
Cookie policy
.
4 Special functions of the website
4.1 Registration on our Website
You might have the possibility to register on our Website for a customer account by entering personal data into the registration mask. If you take this opportunity you may be asked to enter the following personal data:
name
surname
email address
password (encrypted)
In addition your IP address and the date and time of registration will also be automatically stored on our servers. The collection of this data is necessary in order to understand the (possible) misuse of an email address at a later date, and it therefore serves us to prove that our process is in line with legal requirements.
We process your data exclusively for the purpose of granting you access to your customer account.
We store the data collected during the registration process for the duration of the registration. Registered persons are able to change the personal data specified during the registration at any time in their customer account, or to have them completely deleted from our data stock. If you exercise this right we will delete the customer account and the personal data stored therein without delay. You can also exercise the right at any time by sending your request by email.
4.2 Contacting us
We collect your personal data that you voluntarily disclose to us when you contact us via e-mail or through a contact form provided on the Website for general or specific queries.
The contact form may ask for the following personal data to be entered:
name
email address
message text
further details for specific queries or reports, if applicable
In addition your IP address and the date and time of contact will also be automatically stored on our servers. The collection of this data is necessary in order to understand the (possible) misuse of the e-mail address at a later date, and it therefore serves us to prove that our process is in line with legal requirements.
Your request/enquiry will be transmitted and handled by one of our employees who is responsible for handling the topics addressed in your request/enquiry. Your data will only be used to handle your request/enquiry, e.g., to provide you with the service information you asked for, and will not be used for any other purpose, unless expressly permitted or required by applicable law.
We retain the personal data you provide to us when contacting us for the duration of the respective conversation with you, but no longer than for 6 months after the conversation is closed, unless applicable laws require longer retention periods in individual cases. The conversation will be considered as closed if the circumstances indicate that all relevant facts have been clarified or if you instruct us to delete your data. All personal data which were stored in the context of your conversation with us will be deleted immediately in this case.
4.3 Online Surveys
From time to time we may conduct online surveys by a questionnaire provided via this Website. Participation in these surveys is completely voluntary and you may choose whether or not to participate and therefore disclose information to us. When participating in a survey we may ask you to provide your name, email address, age and/or location. Surveys will be analysed by one of our employees who is responsible for the evaluation of surveys. We use the information submitted via the surveys solely for research and measurement purposes, including the measurement of the effectiveness and optimisation of our content and promotional activities.
We use the technical infrastructure and software solution of third parties for the creation, implementation and evaluation of such surveys. Currently we use the following third party services:
Google Forms which is provided by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA (“Google”).
TYPEFORM S.L., Carrer Bac de Roda 163, 08018 Barcelona, Spain.
When participating in a survey, the IP address of the user, information on the time and duration of the survey as well as the information provided in the survey form by the user are transferred to these service providers. Our service providers will process the information provided via the surveys as our data processor only on our behalf and in accordance with our instructions. Our service provider in particular transfer the survey results into an exportable and structured form.
We only retain personal data for as long as it is necessary for the respective survey. Personal data will then be made anonymous or will be deleted.
4.4 WhatsApp-Alert
This website may offer you the possibility to register for free WhatsApp-alerts. If you make use of this service we will send current vouchers, discount codes and/or similar offers directly to your smartphone.
In order to subscribe to the WhatsApp-alert you must click on the button featuring the WhatsApp logo, save the phone number that appears as a contact on your mobile phone and send a message via WhatsApp saying “START”. You will now start receiving messages from us.
In order to be able to offer the WhatsApp-alert we use a service, provided by the MessengerPeople GmbH, Otto-Lindenmeyerstraße 28, 86153 Augsburg. MessengerPeople provides the technical infrastructure for our WhatsApp-alerts. In order to do this MessengerPeople will collect and store your phone number, the given username and the type of device upon subscription. We only have access to your username and any messages sent by you to us.
Any data collected through this service will be stored by us and MessengerPeople for as long as your subscription is active. You can unsubscribe from our WhatsApp alert at any time by sending us a message via WhatsApp with the text “STOP”. Upon the reception of such text, you will not receive any further alerts until you subscribe again. If you want any and all communication data to be deleted, please send a message with the text “DELETE ALL DATA”.
For further information please refer to the privacy statement of MessengerPeople, available at:
https://www.messengerpeople.com/privacy/
.
4.5 DISQUS-commenting function
This Website may use the comment system of Disqus, Inc., 301 Howard Street, Suite 300, San Francisco, CA 94105, USA (“DISQUS”).
Disqus offers an online public comment sharing platform where users may login and create profiles to participate in conversations with peers. By registering with DISQUS you can comment on any website that offers this function. Disqus offers various ways of registering: You can either register directly with your own DISQUS account or through your existing accounts on Facebook, Twitter or Google Plus. If you register via one of these social media networks, the respective provider may collect and process information relating to your use of the comment system. More detailed information can be found in the data privacy policies of the respective networks. DISQUS also allows you to use the commenting function as a “guest” without registration. However some functions may not be available in that case.
If you log in using your DISQUS log-in data, a connection will be made to the DISQUS server and DISQUS will be informed that you are visiting this website and using the comment function. This information may be associated with your DISQUS account and DISQUS may use such information to deliver targeted content and advertising to you. If you prefer to opt-out of this information being collected, DISQUS allows you to do so by clicking on the
“opt-out”
button on this website:
https://disqus.com/data-sharing-settings/
.
We receive the following information from DISQUS when you make a comment: the content of your comment, your name, your email address, your password (encrypted) and the IP address assigned to you by your provider at the time you make the comment. We require the comment text in order to be able to publish this. We exclusively use such information in order to be able to get in contact with you regarding any queries relating to your comments or in order to avoid abuse. Under certain circumstances it may legally be required to delete comments or exclude them from publication (e.g. insulting comments). Otherwise the comments shall remain on this Website until the commented content is deleted by its author.
For further information regarding the processing of personal data by DISQUS please refer to DISQUS Terms of Service and Privacy Policy under
http://docs.disqus.com/help/30/
and
http://docs.disqus.com/help/29/
.
4.6 Job Applicants on our Website
If you apply to us by e-mail or via our web form, we collect and process your personal data for the purpose of handling the application procedure and for the implementation of pre-contractual measures. By sending an application on our career page, you express your interest in taking up employment with us. In this context, you are transmitting personal data to us, which we use and store exclusively for the purpose of your job application.
In particular, the following data is collected: irst and last name, e-mail address, telephone number (optional), salary expectation (optional). You also have the option of uploading meaningful documents such as a cover letter, your CV and certificates. These may contain other personal data.
Only authorized employees from the personnel area or department or team leaders involved in the application process have access to your data. Personal data is stored exclusively for the purpose of filling the vacant position for which you have applied.
We use the services of an applicant management software of Greenhouse Software Inc., 455 Broadway, New York NY, 10013 USA (“Greenhouse”) for the processing of applicant data. The data provided in connection with your application will be transmitted using encryption and stored and processed in a database operated by Greenhouse. For further details, please refer to Greenhouse’s data protection regulations at:
http://www.greenhouse.io/privacy-policy
.
Your data will be stored for a maximum period of six months beyond the end of the application process. This is generally done to fulfill legal obligations or to defend against possible claims arising from legal regulations. Afterwards we are obliged to delete or anonymize your data unless you provide your explicit consent for us to store the information in our systems for an extended, yet limited time frame in order to consider you for future vacancies.
If you receive an offer of employment with us as part of the application process and accept this offer, we will store the personal data collected during the application process at least for the duration of the employment relationship.
5 Newsletter subscription
You are free to subscribe to our newsletter. Our newsletter informs you regularly about the most recent vouchers, discount codes or other online saving opportunities for various product categories such as fashion, travel and/or electronics in connection with deals published on the websites of Atolls (Atolls.com). Your email address will only be passed to third parties, if you have given your express consent to do so in order to receive newsletters about certain products or services of these third parties.
5.1 Data collection with the registration and Double-opt in
When subscribing to our newsletter we will ask you to enter your email address in the registration mask. We will use such data solely to provide you with our newsletter.
When you subscribe to our newsletter, your IP address and the date and time of the registration will also be automatically stored on our servers. The collection of this data is necessary in order to understand the (possible) misuse of the email address of a user at a later date, and it therefore serves us to prove that our registration process is in line with legal requirements.
After you have submitted your newsletter request, we will send a confirmation email to the given email address. This confirmation email contains a link that you need to click on to confirm your subscription. This so-called double-opt-in-procedure helps us to ensure that the email-account holder has actually authorised the receipt of our newsletter.
5.2 Use of newsletter service providers
We use technical service providers which help us managing the newsletter subscriptions and providing related marketing services (“Newsletter Service Providers”). This includes service providers which may have their registered seat and servers in a state outside of the European Union e.g. in the USA. However, we exclusively work with companies that offer an appropriate data protection level in line with the stipulations of the GDPR. You can find further information relating to the sharing of data to third parties outside of the European Union under
Section 11.4
.
Currently we work with the following Newsletter Service Providers:
“MailChimp”, a service of Rocket Science Group, LLC, 675 Ponce De Leon Ave NE #5000, Atlanta, GA 30308, USA .
“ExactTarget”, a service of salesforce.com, Inc, The Landmark @ One Market, Suite 300, San Francisco, California 94105, USA.
Our Newsletter Service Provider will process your email addresses and other personal data as described in section 5.3 as our data processor only on our behalf and in accordance with our instructions to help us evaluate the usage of our newsletter, to personalize your newsletter communications, to compile reports on newsletter activity and to provide other statistical and analytical services relating to the usage of our newsletter. Our Newsletter Service Providers are in no way authorised to use the data of our newsletter subscribers in order to contact them themselves or to forward the data to third parties.
5.3 Newsletter-Tracking
We will track and evaluate your usage of our newsletter, such as email-opens and email-clicks, by means of a tracking technology made available by the Newsletter Service Provider. For this purpose the HTML-emails sent with our newsletter may contain web beacons (also called pixel tags, tracking pixel or GIFs), automatically embedded by our Newsletter Service Providers. A web beacon is a small graphic that contains unique identifiers that allow an analysis of the success or failure of our Newsletter campaigns. Our Service Provider records each subscribers email address, IP address, date, and time associated with each open and click in order to provide us with aggregated reports about how an email campaign performed and what actions subscribers took.
As part of your registration, we may ask for your consent to tailor the content of our newsletter to your personal interests. This is done by evaluating the data about your interactions with our newsletter and your use of this Website. That means that the pseudonymous Usage Data, we collected about you in the past and we will collect in the future will be attributed to your email address. This single record helps us to understand your needs and preferences even better so that we can adjust the contents of the newsletter optimally to your personal interests and to provide you with relevant content. We only combine your data as described and provide you with personalized content, if we have your express consent to do so.
The wording of your consent declaration given when subscribing for our newsletter can be viewed at the bottom of this Privacy Policy.
5.4 Retention period and right to object
We will retain your personal data for the stated purposes as long as your subscription to our newsletter is active. You may cancel your newsletter subscription and withdraw your consent in that regard at any time either via the link provided at the bottom of each newsletter or by sending an email to: datenschutz@cuponation.com.
If you merely would like to opt-out of the newsletter tracking you may configure your email program in a way that emails are presented in text form instead of HTML format. This way the web beacons will not be able to work. You can also configure your browser settings in a way that no cookies are stored on your computer. Web beacons typically only work in conjunction with cookies. However, in these cases the newsletter will not be displayed to you in full and you may not be able to use all functions.
6 Sweepstakes, contests etc
From time to time you may have the opportunity to participate in sweepstakes, contests, raffles or similar promotional activities (“Promotional Activities”) through this Website. We typically ask you for certain personal data in order for you to participate in such Promotional Activities, such as your name, surname, age, address, phone number, social media account, consumer behaviour and/or email address. We collect this information solely to administer the respective Promotional Activity (e.g. to verify your eligibility, to determine the winner and to present the award and/or to publish the winner´s name on this Website), unless you have given your explicit consent to use such data for specified other purposes. All Promotional Activities conducted via this Website are subject to the terms and conditions of each individual Promotional Activity. Such terms and conditions may provide additional information related to the processing of your personal data. Unless expressly otherwise specified, personal data collected by us in respect of Promotional Activities will not be stored any longer than is required to fulfill the purpose of the respective Promotional Activity.
7 Information from business partners
7.1 Information in relation to our commission
As we finance ourselves through commissions, we may receive information from our business partners (e.g. merchants) about your online purchases, which you may place on websites of third parties (e.g. online-shops) after a visit to this Website. Such information is transmitted to us automatically with the help of tracking cookies. We never receive information that can directly identify you but merely commission related information such as the value of your purchase and date and time of the transaction. We also work with several so-called affiliate networks (“Affiliate Networks”), which connect us with merchants and take over the technical and billing process. In these cases we receive the respective information from such Affiliate Networks. We solely use this information for billing purposes.
7.2 Personalized Coupons
Under certain circumstances our business partners offer you the possibility to redeem vouchers for goods or services offered on their website. If you have created a shopping basket but have not checked-out yet, and subsequently call this Website, some business partners may share information regarding your open shopping basket (for example purchase value and product category). For this purpose we and our respective business partners use a technology (DoubleClick for Publishers) provided by Google Inc. This technology enables us to tailor and display vouchers on this website based on the content of your shopping basket. This form of advertising is carried out completely automatically and does not allow us to draw any conclusions about your identity. We can merely stipulate general criteria of the segmentation, such as product categories, on the basis of which certain vouchers are issued. For detailed information on Google DoubleClick for Publishers and how to prevent the processing of your data by Google, please see
Section 10.2
.
8 Cookies
When you first visit this Website, we will inform you about the use of cookies and similar technologies served through this website and ask for your consent to the use of such cookies. The wording of the Cookie Consent declaration can be viewed at the bottom of this Privacy Policy. You can also change your cookie preferences at any time with effect for the future.
The specific types of cookies served through this website, their purposes and your options to manage them are described in further detail in our
Cookie policy
.
9 Integration of social networks and other plugins
We may implement so called plug-ins (“Plugins”) from social networks ( “Social Networks”) and other platforms ( “Platforms”) on certain webpages of this Website such as “Share” or “Like” buttons, video player or interactive maps. We use such Plugins in order to give you the possibility to share or recommend interesting offers in Social Networks, to use interactive maps on our Website or to watch videos and to promote our services.
You may find the following Plugins on this Website:
Plugins of the social network facebook.com which is operated by Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA (“Facebook”)
Plugins of the social network instagram.com which is operated by Instagram LLC., 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, CA, 94025, USA (“Instagram”)
Plugins of Google+ and Google Maps which are operated by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA (“Google”)
Plugins of the video platform YouTube which is operated by YouTube LLC, 901 Cherry Ave., San Bruno, CA 94066, USA, – belongs to Google Inc. – (“YouTube”)
Plugins of Twitter which is operated by Twitter Inc., 1355 Market St, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA (“Twitter”)
The Plugins can be clearly identified as they feature the logo of the associated Social Network/Platform (e.g. white “f” on blue background for Facebook).
The integration of Plugins enables the respective Social Network or Platform to collect data about you as you access a website that contains the respective Plugin. Your browser will establish a direct connection to the servers of the respective Social Network/Platform. We have no influence on the extent of the data collected by these Social Networks/Platforms via the Plugins. If you visit a website that contains a Plugin while you are logged in with the corresponding Social Network/Platform, the provider of such Social Network/Platform will be able to correlate your account data with information about your visit to the respective website (including your IP address). This information is transmitted directly to the servers of the respective providers. In addition information you intended to share with Social Networks will be published and shown to your contacts on these Social Networks. For further information, please refer to the privacy policy of the respective Social Networks and Platforms.
Data protection policy of Facebook:
http://www.facebook.com/policy.php
Data protection policy of Instagram:
https://help.instagram.com/155833707900388/
Data privacy notices of Google:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en&gl=ZZ
Data privacy notices of YouTube:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en&gl=ZZ
Data protection policy of Twitter:
https://twitter.com/en/privacy
To prevent the Plugins on our Website to collect your data, please change your:
Cookie policy
.
10 Use of third party tools
We allow certain third parties to use cookies or similar technologies on this Website. These third parties include analytics, advertising networks and other service providers that assist us in providing, evaluating, and improving this Website and our services and to provide targeted advertising based on your browsing activities and interests.
These third parties may use cookies or similar technologies and collect data about your use of this Website and your interaction with its content and functions, including the total number of visitors to this Website, the websites our visitors have come from, the pages you visit, date, time and duration of your visit, frequency, clicked banners/links as well as information about type of device, browser version, language settings and geographic location (including country, city, region). They may also collect online-identifiers (e.g. User-ID) and/or IP-addresses. We do not have access to these cookies or to any personal identifiable data collected with these cookies that allow us to identify single users. We may however use information arising from such cookies provided by these third parties. All data collected is made available to us only anonymously and in statistical form.
Some of the service providers are based in a country outside the EU/EEA. However, we exclusively work with companies that offer an appropriate data protection level in line with the stipulations of the GDPR. For more information please see
Section 11.4
Below we will give you an overview and description of third party provider technologies we may use for this Website.
10.1 Web analytics and A/B Testing tools
We have implemented all analytic tools with activated IP anonymization, so that the last three digits of the IP address are deleted directly after the data collection and only a portion of your IP address may be used and stored on the servers of the respective service providers.
10.1.1 Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analytics service provided by Google Inc., Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA (“Google”) who reports on user interactions on this website.
The information collected by Google Analytics (including the anonymized IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. According to Google only in exceptional cases the full IP address may be transmitted directly to a Google server in the USA and encrypted there. Any user-identifiers (e.g. Cookie-ID) stored by Google Analytics will automatically be deleted from Google’s´ servers after 14 months.
For further information please refer to Googles Analytics security and privacy principles:
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en
.
Opt-Out:
You can prevent the processing of your data by Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on available under
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
. The browser add-on is available for most modern browsers.
10.1.2 Parse.ly
Parse.ly is a web analysis service of Parsely, Inc., 33 East 33rd Street, 10th Floor, New York, NY 10016, USA (“Parse.ly”).
The information generated by Parse.ly about your use of this Website (including the anonymized IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Parse.ly on servers in the United States.
For further information please refer to the privacy policy of Parse.ly:
https://www.parse.ly/privacy-policy/
.
Opt-Out:
http://srv.config.parsely.com/optout
.
10.1.3 Xiti
Xiti is a web analysis service of Applied Technologies Internet S.A., 85 avenue Président JF Kennedy 33700 MERIGNAC France (“SA Internet”).
All data collected by SA Internet on this Website (including the anonymized IP address) will be stored and processed on servers in France.
Opt-Out:
http://www.xiti.com/en/optout.aspx
10.1.4 Pingdom
Pingdom is a monitoring service of Pingdom AB, Kopparbergsvägen 8, 722 13, Västerås, Sweden. With the help of this service we can analyse the loading behaviour and the availability of this Website, depending on the access location, browser and device type in order to optimise the access times.
All data collected by Pingdom on this Website (including the anonymized IP address) will be stored and processed on serves of Pingdom.
For further information please refer to the privacy policy of Pingdom:
https://www.pingdom.com/legal/privacy-policy/
.
10.1.5 Convert
Convert is an A/B-testing software of Convert Insights, Inc., 340 South Lmon Avenue 9512 Walnut, California 91789, USA (“Convert”). The software allows us to compare two versions of a Website in order to determine which version achieves a better performance. For this purpose the users of this Website may sometimes be divided equally into two groups. The one group is shown the initial version, whereas the other is shown the new version that is to be tested. Then it is analysed which version works best.
For further information please refer to the privacy policy of Convert:
https://www.convert.com/privacy-policy/
.
Opt-Out:
https://www.convert.com/opt-out/
10.1.6 Google Optimize
Google Optimize is an A/B-testing software of Google Inc. 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, United States (“Google”). The software allows us to compare two versions of a Website in order to determine which version achieves a better performance. For this purpose the users of this Website may sometimes be divided equally into two groups. The one group is shown the initial version, whereas the other is shown the new version that is to be tested. Then it is analysed which version works best.
For further information please refer to the privacy policy of Google:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
.
Opt-Out:
You can prevent the processing of your data by Google Optimize by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on available under
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en-GB
. The browser add-on is available for most modern browsers.
10.1.7 Hotjar
Hotjar is a session recording and heat mapping service provided by Hotjar Ltd, Level 2, St Julians Business Centre, 3, Elia Zammit Street, St Julians STJ 1000, Malta.
For further information please refer to the privacy policy of Hotjar:
https://www.hotjar.com/privacy
.
Opt-Out:
https://www.hotjar.com/opt-out
10.2 Advertising tools
We use third-party advertising technologies on this Website to provide you with personalized content that we believe may be of interest to you. Such third party providers may use cookies to perform these services.
You have the option to opt-out from targeted advertising provided by the third parties we work with through the designated links provided below. When you opt-out, the respective third party providers will stop serving you targeted advertising based on the data collected via your browser, but may continue to collect and use information for other purposes. The use of cookies and the related collection of information by third party providers is beyond our control. The third party provider may combine data they collect about your use of this Website with personal data they may otherwise collect or have access to.
For detailed information about what information is collected via the third-party advertising tools, how it is used and shared, please refer to their respective privacy policies, which are linked below.
10.2.1 Google
We use marketing and remarketing-functions of Google Inc. 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, United States (“Google”) on the Website. These functions allow us to display relevant content based on what pages you have visited on this Website and other websites.
The information collected by Google about your use of this Website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States.
For further information about Google’s handling of your data please refer to their privacy policy:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
(A) Google Adwords Conversion Tracking
As part of our Google AdWords’ conversion tracking, Google places a cookie on your computer (“Conversion cookie”) when you click on our ads placed in Google Search or on selected Google Display Network sites. This allows Google and us to determine the total number of users who clicked on our Google ads and later visited this Website. Google only makes data collected about you available to us anonymously and in statistical form, so we cannot draw any conclusions about your identity from such data. The information is used to generate conversion statistics and to optimize our ads on Google. Conversion cookies are not used by Google for personalized ad targeting and persist for a limited time only.
(B) Google Dynamic-Remarketing
In addition we use Google’s remarketing technology which helps us to address our users also on other websites (within the Google Display Network) specifically with targeted advertising, which is based on their prior visits to this Website.
(C) Google Adsense
We use Google AdSense Advertising on our website, in order to serve ads to our users based on previous visits to our site and other sites on the Internet. The ads served will be targeted based on your previous browsing history.
(D) Google DoubleClick for Publishers
We use DoubleClick for Publishers on this Website for our Personalized Coupons (please see
section 7.1
). Google DoubleClick enables us and the respective retailers to provide you with vouchers based on the content of your shopping basket on the retailers website. If you have created a shopping basket but have not checked-out yet, and subsequently call this Website, information regarding your open shopping basket will be shared with Google (for example purchase value and product category). We can then offer you suitable vouchers. This service is carried out completely automatically. We do not get access to any personal identifiable information, but can only define general criteria of segmentation (such as purchase value, product category) on the basis of which certain vouchers are issued to our users.
If you have a Google Account, you may disable ad personalization through Google’s advertising settings:
https://myaccount.google.com/intro/privacy#ads
. You need to be signed in to Google services to do so and the settings only apply while you are signed in. Alternatively you can also disable ads personalization by installing the browser plugin available under this link:
https://www.google.com/settings/ads/plugin?hl=en
or by using the browser tool provided on the site of Digital Advertising Alliance:
http://optout.aboutads.info/?c=2#!/
.
In addition you may at any time opt-out of cookies used by Google for such purposes by changing your browser settings. For more information regarding cookies and how you can control your cookie settings please read our
Cookie policy
10.2.2 Rakuten Advertising
This website may include third-party advertisements using content provided by Rakuten Advertising. For more information on the data collected and used, and your related rights please see
https://rakutenadvertising.com/legal-notices/services-privacy-policy/
10.3 Facebook
We use pixels on this Website, which are provided by Facebook Ireland Ltd, 4 Grand Canal Square, Dublin 2, Ireland (“Facebook Ltd”).
(A) Custom Audiences from Website (USER-DEFINED TARGET GROUP)
With the help of these pixels, Facebook Ltd. is able to determine a target group for the display of ads for this Website within the social network (“Re-Targeting”). Accordingly, we use these pixels to address our users with targeted advertising based on their prior visits to this Website while they are logged in to Facebook.
(B) Conversion Tracking
The pixel also helps us to measure and evaluate the effectiveness of our Facebook ads for statistical and market research purposes. For example, with the help of the pixels Facebook may determine how many users clicked on an ad placed on our behalf and were subsequently redirected to this Website.
(C) Facebook Impressions
In addition we receive a report from Facebook with information about user interactions with our ads placed on Facebook (e.g. number of “views”, “likes” or “comments”).
Any data collected by Facebook Ltd. is transmitted directly to one of their servers and stored there. If you are logged in to Facebook or log in to Facebook after visiting this Website, Facebook Ltd. may correlate your visit to this Website directly with your Facebook profile and use this data for its own advertising purposes. If you visit other websites that also use Facebook Pixel, this information may also be linked to your Facebook profile.
For detailed information about what information Facebook collects and how it is used and shared, please refer to Facebook’s data policy:
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
.
If you have a Facebook account, you may disable personalized advertising from Facebook through the advertising settings in your Facebook account:
https://www.facebook.com/ads/preferences/?entry_product=ad_settings_screen
. You must be signed in to your Facebook account to do so. Alternatively, you may disable personalized advertising from Facebook following the instructions on the website of the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance
http://www.youronlinechoices.com/uk/your-ad-choices
.
In addition you may at any time opt-out of cookies used by Facebook for such purposes by changing your browser settings. For more information regarding cookies and how you can control your cookie settings please read our
Cookie policy
11 Disclosure of your personal data
We only disclose your personal data to third parties, if this is necessary for the purpose of providing this Website and services, we are obligated or entitled here to by contract or law or you have granted your explicit consent.
11.1 Business partners
When you click on a promotional offer we may assign a unique identifier to this click (“Clickout-ID”), and provide this Clickout-ID to the respective business partner, on whose behalf the promotional offer is displayed. If you subsequently register or purchase something on the website of our business partner (e.g. in an online-shop), our business partner will be able to identify you as having come from our Website and we will earn our commission. We also work with several Affiliate Networks, which connect us with merchants and offer to take over the technical and billing process. In these cases we pass on the Clickout-ID to such Affiliate Networks. These Affiliate Networks may set their own tracking cookies when you visit our Website and click on an offer (e.g. on a voucher).
11.2 Local group company
In order to provide a good and efficient customer service, the customer relationship with you will be managed directly at local level by the Local Group Company. For example, the Local Group Company answers to requests that you may submit through this Website or where otherwise necessary to handle the customer relationship with you. It also helps us managing the Newsletter and its content. For these purposes, the Local Group Company may get access to your personal data controlled by us and may process personal data by itself.
11.3 Service providers
We also work with technical service providers, who may have access to your personal data, but only to the extent necessary to perform their respective services. For instance we engage technical service providers to manage our Newsletter or to host or surveys. These service providers may not disclose your personal data to third parties or use these for any other purposes than instructed.
We use Amazon Web Services (“AWS”) for hosting this website. AWS is a service of Amazon Web Service Inc, P.O. Box 81226 Seattle, WA 98108-1226, USA (“Amazon”). The data is stored exclusively in a German data center (Frankfurt am Main), which is certified according to ISO 27001, 27017 and 2018 as well as PCI DSS Level 1. All data stored by us on Amazon’s system is under our sole control and is automatically encrypted. Amazon is not allowed to access or use our data for any purpose whatsoever. For more information on AWS and data protection, please visit
https://aws.amazon.com/compliance/gdpr-center/
and
https://aws.amazon.com/privacy/
.
11.4 Data transfer outside of the EU
Some of these service providers are based in a country outside the EU/EEA. However, we exclusively work with companies that offer an appropriate data protection level in line with the stipulations of the GDPR. We also have appropriate agreements in place to ensure that the service providers will take all necessary measures to protect your personal data in accordance with applicable requirements.
12 Your rights
In respect to our processing of personal data related to you, you are entitled to the following rights free of charge.
12.1 Right to withdraw consent pursuant to art. 7 GDPR
If you have given us your consent to process your data but change your mind later, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time by sending an email or written letter to our contact address as stated below. We will stop processing your data accordingly.
12.2 Right of access pursuant to Art. 15 GDPR
You have the right to obtain confirmation from us as to whether or not any personal data concerning your person is being processed by us and, if this is the case, you shall have the right to access your information pursuant to Art. 15 GDPR. However with regard to pseudonymised usage profiles created by us we are not able to allocate these to individual persons. Accordingly, we cannot provide any information relating to these data, unless you provide us with information, which enables us to allocate such data to your person. We will point this out to you in case of an inquiry.
12.3 Right to rectification pursuant to Art. 16
You have the right to request us to rectify any inaccurate or incomplete personal data we hold about you.
12.4 Right to erasure pursuant to Art. 17 GDPR
You have the right to obtain the erasure of your personal data we hold about you, if we do not have a legal reason to continue to process and hold it.
12.5 Right to restrict processing pursuant to Art. 18 GDPR
You have the right to ask us to restrict how we process your data subject to Art. 18 GDPR. In this case we will be permitted to store the data but not further process it.
12.6 Right to data portability pursuant to Art. 20 GDPR
You are entitled to receive personal data that you have provided to us with your consent in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format or – if technically feasible – to demand that we transfer those data to a third party.
12.7 Right to object to data processing pursuant to Art. 21 GDPR
Under the requirements of Art. 21 GDPR you have the right to object to the processing of your personal data at any time on grounds relating to your particular situation (e.g. a possible risk to life or health). The aforementioned general right to object applies to all processing purposes described in this privacy policy, which are based on the legal basis of legitimate interest and/or your consent. In the event you make legitimate use of such right, we will no longer process your personal data, unless we demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing, which override your interests, rights and freedoms or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
As far as your personal data is processed for direct marketing purposes you may object to this at any time without giving reasons. In order to object to the display of personalised advertising by our advertising partners, please use the opt-out links provided under
clause 10.2
of this privacy policy. In addition, you can prevent the storage of the cookies used for such purposes by adjusting the cookie settings in your browser software. For more information, please see our
Cookie policy
12.8 Right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority
You have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority if you feel that the processing of your data is carried out by us by breaching applicable law. You can in particular reach out to the supervisory authority which is responsible at your place of residence or to the supervisory authority responsible for us.
The lead supervisory authority that is responsible for us is:
Bayerisches Landesamt für Datenschutzaufsicht (BayLDA)
[Bavarian Data Protection Authority]
Promenade 27
91522 Ansbach
Phone:
+49 (0) 981 53 1300
Fax:
+49 (0) 981 53 98 1300
Email:
poststelle@lda.bayern.de
13. Contact data and protection officer
The contact person and so-called controller for the processing of your personal data when you visit this website in the context of the GDPR is
CupoNation GmbH
Data protection
Radlkoferstrasse 2
81373 Munich
Telephone:
+49 (0) 89 960 58 699
E-mail:
datenschutz@cuponation.com
Please do not hesitate to contact our data protection officer at any time for all questions related to data protection in connection to our offered services or in connection with the use of this website.
Our data protection officer is available at the above postal address and/or the stated e-mail address. (Please indicate: “attn. data protection officer”). We expressly point out that when using the email address, the contents are not exclusively received by our data protection officer. If you would like to exchange confidential information, please first contact us via this email address for direct contact.
14. Changes to this privacy policy
We may change this privacy policy at any time with effect for the future. The then current version of this policy will be made available on the Website. While we do not intend to make changes to this policy very often, please always check our most current policy. The most recent version date is located at the top of this policy.
Manage consent
Sub-policy 3
https://piano.io/privacy-policy/:
Products
Services
Industries
Resources
Company
Get started
Privacy Policy
Platform Privacy Policy
Online Tracking Policy
Platform Privacy Policy
We, Piano Software Inc., Philadelphia, US and affiliated companies belonging to Piano group (collectively, “
Piano”
, “we”, “us”, “our”, or “we”), formerly known as
Piano Media
,
Press Plus
and
Tinypass
and now incorporating
Newzmate
,
Cxense
and
AT Internet
are committed, as data processor, to partnering with customers and users to help them understand and comply with data protection regulations (GDPR, ePrivacy, CCPA, LGPD …).
Piano provides online products for digital activities, as well as potential additional services on behalf, and based on instructions of the data controller, owners, and publishers of digital platforms – websites, mobile applications, or any other connected platform (“
Publishers
”).
We collect, process and store personal data and other information through our products – Composer , Analytics , DMP , VX , ID and ESP (“
Platform
”), or when providing our service to Publishers (“
Service
”).Personal Data Management on the Platform
To provide the Platform and/or perform the Service, Piano collect, process and store data on behalf of the Publisher. The answers to the following questions allow us to explain how we manage personal data on the Platform.
What kind of personal data do we collect?
Raw ID-type information: for instance, the user-terminal ID (cookie or mobile ID), that is transformed in a hashed visitor ID, or the IP address, that can be anonymized, to perform geolocation for instance
All standard business information provided by the products of the Platform: for instance, navigation data (browser and device type, type of events or content, …), behavior information (sources, navigation path, time spent on contents, …), information related to registered or subscribed users (first name, last name, email, …)
Additional and specific information that the Publisher can collect: based on the technology used to collect data (see following “
How do we collect personal data?
”), the Publisher can measure, collect, and analyze any business relevant information for him via our Platform
Composer, Analytics, and DMP collect by default pseudonymized information, but directly identifiable information can be added by the Publisher. VX, ID and ESP services are working with directly identifiable information.
We therefore consider by default all data collected, processed, and stored via our Platform as personal data according to GDPR art. 4.1.
What do we do with personal data?
We process the collected data to provide the information requested by the Publisher on the Platform: audience measurement data, content orchestration, account management, subscription processes, …
What are we not doing with personal data?
As data processor, and respecting the terms of contracts and the data processing agreement (DPA) signed with the Publisher acting as data controller, we do not:
Sell personal data to anyone;
Monetize personal data by other means;
Claim ownership over personal data;
Barter personal data for other services or products.
We do not knowingly process personal data relating to children less than 13 years of age (or 16 if the age of consent is higher in a particular country) or permit Publishers to provide us with such data. If we become aware that a Publisher has provided us with any personal data of children, we delete such data from our databases.
We do not knowingly process sensitive or special categories of personal data as defined in article 9 of the GDPR.
How do we collect personal data?
Personal data is collected via so called tagging libraries (mainly JavaScript on the web and SDK for native application) implemented by the Publisher on its online platforms. See
Cookies and Similar Technologies
below for further details on complementary data collection methods.
When a user/data subject visit a Publisher platform, and according to the legal basis chosen by the Publisher (see
Purpose of Processing and Legal Basis
below), https requests are sent to Piano servers to perform the service requested by the Publisher.
How long do we store personal data?
Depending on the product of the Platform, or regarding specific legal obligation to perform (e.g., for payment with VX), the data retention period can be different and always agreed in the contract with the Publisher acting as data controller. Analytics, for instance, has a predefined data retention period of 25 months with the opportunity for the Publisher to customize it.
For all products, all data is deleted at the end of the contract relationship with the Publisher.
Where do we store personal data?
Depending on the product used by the Publisher, the data collected from the end-user can be stored in different places. Please see the Piano Sub-Processors’ table in the
Sub-processors and Affiliates
paragraph below, to see where the data is stored/hosted.
Do we share personal data?
We, by default, do not share any data to anyone without the Publisher prior approval.
We, however, may share personal data, with all the adequate technical and organizational measures to protect it, in the following cases:
Intragroup:
Only if necessary and for specific purposes, we may share personal data within affiliated companies belonging to Piano group (see
Sub-processors and Affiliates
below). Our employees might have access to personal data on a strictly need-to-know basis typically governed and limited by function, role, and department of the particular employee. All affiliated companies belonging to Piano group concluded an intra-group data processing agreement (DPA) with EU Standard Contractual Clauses.
Service providers:
We use sub-contractors who might process personal data for us and to support us in providing the Platform and Services requested by the Publisher (see
Sub-processors and Affiliates
below).
Legal disclosures:
We may have to release personal data and other information we possess when necessary or appropriate to comply with the law; cooperate with law enforcement or national security requirements; respond to lawful requests; protect the rights of Piano or a Publisher, other Piano customers, and users, and third parties; or to enforce our terms of use. However, in doing so, we may:
Dispute demands for release to the extent we believe, in our sole discretion, are unwarranted, illegitimate, or overbroad.
Will notify Publishers of any requests unless we have some contradictory orders.
Piano never had to disclose any personal data for legal purposes so far.
Cookies and Similar Technologies
To provide the products of the Platform, Piano is using trackers, especially cookies on standard websites, or mobile IDs on native applications. Local storage, server-to-server request, clear gifs, pixel tags, web beacons or other similar technologies may also be used in some cases.
You can access some information about the trackers used on and across all products (
Composer, VX, ID, ESP, DMP, Analytics)
under to the following link:
Piano Cookie Descriptions
Users can control the use of trackers on their devices via the following means:
Use the opt-out mechanism on the dedicated online platform provided by the Publisher
Use the device appropriate configuration (browser or cellphone Operating System – Apple or Android mainly – settings)
Our third-party partners may also use tracker, cookies, or similar technologies, to provide users advertising based upon user´s browsing activities and interests. Users can opt out of interest-based advertising click
here
, or if located in the EEA click
here
.
Purpose of Processing and Legal Basis
Publishers can use the Piano Platform and the associated Services for the following main purposes:
Understand the audience
Optimize content
Engage the audience
Monetize the online platform
Based on the main purposes observed in the digital marketing world, the following table synthesized for each purpose, what Piano product is by default aimed for, and what is the by default legal basis for seen on our side for this purpose:
Purpose
Product
Legal Basis
Audience and Analytics
Analytics, DMP
Consent under GPDR or Exemption under ePrivacy
Content Personalization or Performance
Composer, ESP
Consent under GDPR
Advertising (personalized or not)
DMP
Consent under GDPR
“One to one relationship” (account management, subscription, newsletter, …)
VX, ID, ESP
Consent or Contract under GDPR
IMPORTANT:
as a data controller, the Publisher can decide to use one or several products of the Platform for other purposes that the one foreseen originally, as well as to choose whatever legal basis he interprets to be the best in his specific case.
Each Publisher signs a data processing agreement (DPA) with Piano to formalize these purposes and associated responsibilities.
International Data Transfers
Depending on the products of the Platform used by the Publisher, as well as the potential additional services requested by him, data may be transferred outside of original country where the data has been collected.
Please see the hosting option by product within the Piano Sub-Processors’ table in the
Sub-processors and Affiliates
paragraph below, as well as the ‘Do we share personal data?’ part of the
Personal Data Management on the Platform
above.
To meet with European requirements under the GDPR in terms of data transfers, Piano uses the following mechanisms:
EU Standard Contractual Clauses (SCC) through the data processing agreement (DPA) signed with the Publisher as well as with sub-processors;
Binding Corporate Rules (BCRs) approved for both controller and processors transfers;
Additional technical measures as encryption, pseudonymization or anonymization of the data.
To meet the guidelines of the PIPEDA in the applicable Canadian provincial legislation, Piano recognizes and has controls in place to ensure that the privacy of personal information about an “identifiable individual” used in the course of “commercial activity” is protected and managed in the appropriate way.
Check the adequacy decisions under the GDPR, as well as the data protection around the world
here
.
Data Subject’s Rights
The GDPR, as many privacy laws around the word, empower data subject rights on its personal data. Piano’s Platform enable Publishers to apply these rights to what is applicable regarding the data collected for their purposes (see
Purpose of Processing and Legal Basis
above).
The following table list all the main applicable rights regarding online data that and end-user can request to Publishers, and where Piano provide standard solutions to these Publishers.
Data Subject Right
Product
Mean
Information
All
Via Publishers’ information (CMP, Privacy Policy, …)
Access
All
Via a request to the Publisher’s DPO
Rectification
DMP, VX, ID, ESP
Via a request to the Publisher’s DPO
Erasure
All
Via a request to the Publisher’s DPO
Portability
All
Via a request to the Publisher’s DPO
Object
All
Via opt-out mechanism provided by the Publisher
Piano’s data protection team is able to support the process of applying a data subject right.
Please contact
privacy@piano.io
, or any other communication channel listed in
Data Protection Officer and Point of Contact
below, for any further information.
Data Breaches and Security Measures
Data Breaches
Piano maintains an incident response plan which governs the communication and process in the case of a data breach. Contractually this is covered between Piano and all Publishers, in the Master Service Agreement.
Security Measures
Piano security measures by pseudonymization and encryption of personal data; maintaining a detailed DRP to ensure the ongoing confidentiality, integrity, availability and resilience of processing systems and services which in turn allows Piano to restore the availability and access to personal data in a timely manner in the event of a physical or technical incident. Piano maintains a process for regularly testing, assessing, and evaluating the effectiveness of technical and organizational measures for ensuring the security of the processing.
For more information visit our
Security documentation
.
Sub-processors and Affiliates
Piano Sub-Processors
To support delivery of our Platform, we may engage and use data processors with access to certain Publisher’s Customer Data (“
Sub-processor
”).
The following table provides information about the identity, location, and role of core Sub-processors necessary to provide products of our platform:
Entity name
Sub-processing activities
Entity (hosting) country
Products
Amazon Web Services, Inc.*
Cloud Service Provider
USA (hosting option in the EU, US, Australia, and Japan)
Composer, VX, ID, ESP, Analytics (EU)
Braintree
Payment Provider
United States
Composer, VX, ID
Google Inc.
Cloud Service Provider (for logs only)
United States
Composer, VX, ID, ESP
Hetzner Online GmbH
Data center provider
Germany
DMP
Microsoft Azure
Cloud Service Provider (Operations)
United States (hosting EU, US, Japan)
ESP, DMP
Packet Host, Inc.
Data center provider
United States
DMP
Snowflake Computing, Inc.
Data platform solution
USA (hosted in the EU)
Analytics
SoftLayer Technologies, Inc. (IBM Cloud)
Data center provider
United States
DMP
* AWS is certified for following the CISPE code of conduct endorsed by the
EDPB
.
Piano may use the following Sub-processors to perform other services around the Platform:
Entity name
Sub-processing activities
Entity (hosting) country
Products
Agent Infinity, Inc.
Global technical support team
Philippines
All
Alchemer
Survey Collection for Strategic Consulting
United States
Composer, VX, ID for Strategic Services clients only
Enreach Solutions Oy
Data segmentation provider
Finland
DMP
Google Inc.
Cloud Service Provider
United States
Composer, VX, ID
Google Ireland, Ltd.
Data backup storage
Ireland
DMP
MailChimp, Rocket Science Group
Cloud-based Email Notification Services
United States
VX
Mailgun Technologies, Inc
Cloud-based Email Notification Services
United States
ESP
Mode Analytics
Analytics Visualizations
United States
Composer, VX, ID
Salesforce.com France SAS
B2B Marketing automation (marketing & product communications to prospects and customers)
United States
Analytics
Zendesk, Inc.
Cloud-based Customer Support Services
United States (hosted in the EU)
Composer, VX, ID, ESP, DMP, Analytics
Prior engaging any third-party Sub-processor, Piano performs diligence to evaluate their privacy, security, and confidentiality practices, and executes an agreement implementing its applicable obligations.
Piano Affiliates
Piano has offices located around the globe who, depending on the Service required by the Publisher, may process its data:
Entity Name
Country (GDPR transfer mechanism)
Applied Technologies Internet GmbH
Germany (EU)
Applied Technologies Internet SAS
France (EU)
Newzmate Sp. z o.o.
Poland (EU)
Piano Japan Co. Ltd
Japan (Adequacy decision)
Piano Software B.V.
Netherlands (EU)
Piano Software GmbH
Germany (EU)
Piano Software Inc.
United States of America (BCR)
Piano Software LTD
United Kingdom (Adequacy decision)
Piano Software Norway NUF
Norway (EEA)
Piano Software s.r.o
Slovakia (EU)
PSIEZE Data Analytics S.R.L.
Argentina (Adequacy decision)
SocialFlow Inc.
United States of America
Piano affiliates don’t have automatic access to all Platform data. The access of Platform data is managed and strictly limited to what is necessary. BCR details are available
here
.
Data Protection Officer and Point of Contact
For all questions related to our privacy policy and how Piano collects, processes and stores personal data, please feel free to contact the appointed Data Protection Officer (“
DPO
”):
Email:
privacy@piano.io
Mail: Attn: Piano Software Group DPO
Štefánikova 14
Bratislava, 811 05
Slovakia (EU)
For specific request by legal authorities, courts, government agencies, or parties involved in litigation for customer data, disclosures should include the following information:
The requesting party;
The relevant criminal or civil matter;
A description of the specific Publisher’s data being requested, including the relevant Publisher’s name and relevant authorized user’s name (if applicable).
Requests should be prepared and served in accordance with applicable law. All requests should be narrow and focused on the specific customer data sought. All requests will be construed narrowly by Piano, so please do not submit unnecessarily broad requests.
Piano will notify the Publisher before disclosing any of its data so that the Publisher may seek protection from such disclosure unless Piano is prohibited from doing so or there is a clear indication of illegal conduct or risk of harm to people or property associated with the use of such Publisher’s data.
Privacy Policy Change Log
This Platform Privacy Policy includes information previously incorporated in documents “Piano and GDPR” and “Privacy Policy” of Piano Group.
If you need information about previous wording of both documents, please visit following references:
Archive of Privacy Policies
Privacy Policy – Effective from Nov 1, 2020 - Apr 06, 2022
Privacy Policy – Effective from Jul 1, 2020 - Oct 31, 2020
Privacy Policy – Effective from Apr 1, 2019 - Jun 30, 2020
Privacy Policy – Effective from Feb 15, 2019 - Mar 01, 2019
Privacy Policy – Effective from Dec 01, 2018 - Feb 14, 2019
Privacy Policy – Effective from May 23, 2018 - Nov 30, 2018
Archive of "Piano and GDPR"
GDPR – Effective from Jan 29, 2021
GDPR – Effective from Dec 1, 2020
GDPR – Effective from Jun 24, 2020
GDPR – Effective from Apr 01, 2019
GDPR – Effective from Feb 15, 2019
GDPR – Effective from May 23, 2018
Online Tracking Policy
This Online Tracking Policy:
explains how Piano Software Inc., Philadelphia, US   and affiliated companies belonging to Piano group (collectively, “
Piano
”, “us”, “our”, or “we”) use cookies, pixels and similar tracking tools at Piano when using and operating our websites, social media profiles, applications, when we send out direct marketing communication or newsletters or generally when we communicate with our online audience;
mainly concerns websites related to the domain
www.piano.io
but also any other websites, channels, profiles or online tracking tools operated by us;
supplements and applies jointly with the Corporate Privacy Policy;
does not apply to provisions of our services (please see or
Platform Privacy Policy
) where we act as data processors for our clients and/or customers.
1. Us, our DPO and our contact details
The primary controller is
Piano Software, Inc.
, located at 111 S Independence Mall East, Suite 950, Philadelphia, PA 19106, US as the main Piano group entity. Piano group entity consists of other subsidiaries and affiliates listed in our Corporate or Platform Privacy Policy that operate their own websites or undertake their own online tracking. Generally, Piano group entities act as joint controllers when doing so (details can be found in our Binding Corporate Rules – Controller purposes). Therefore, this Online Tracking Policy covers any online tracking undertaken by any Piano group entity. Our group-wide DPO can be provided by email at:
privacy@piano.io
or by post at 111 S Independence Mall, Philadelphia, PA 19106, US.  .
What types of online tracking tools do we use?
Generally, we distinguish between online tracking tools that are necessary for provision of the information society service that the user requested (such as our websites, online profiles, newsletters) and those online tracking tools that are not necessary for provision of such service. Those necessary tools might be understood as “
necessary or functional tools
” and those other tools might be understood as “
analytical or advertisement tools
”.
We do not apply this Online Tracking Policy just to cookies but to any technology that might fall under Article 5 (3) of the ePrivacy Directive. EDPB explains in its
Guidelines 2/2023
that such regulation might cover: URL and pixel tracking; local processing; tracking based on IP only; intermittent and mediated Internet of Things (IoT) reporting; using unique identifiers.
In accordance with Article 5 (3) of the ePrivacy Directive, we rely on
prior consent
when using analytical or advertisement tools, unless the local law allow an exemption from this rule. You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. With the necessary or functional tools, we do not rely on consent and generally rely on
contract performance or our legitimate interests
when processing your personal data.
What are our purposes of processing and legal bases?
We use online tracking use for the following purposes and based on the following legal grounds:
Purpose of processing
Online tracking tool
Legal basis
Provision of the information society service
Necessary or functional tools
Legitimate interest
Direct marketing and PR purposes
Analytical or advertisement tools
Consent or legitimate interest
The above purposes can be described in more detail as follows:
Purpose of the processing
Detailed description of the purpose
Provision of the information society service
Optimal functioning of the website.
Includes processing necessary and functional cookies and other tools used for basic functions of our websites, such as loading the next page, staying logged in, remembering selected language settings or configuration of active third-party plug-ins.
Website Security.
We use cookies and tools which contribute to the protection against bots and to activate the protection of websites against DoS / DDoS cyber-attacks. For example, Cloudflare is used to read and filter robot requests.
Basic website traffic measurement.
We obtain and evaluate basic statistics about the use of our websites, without the possibility of sharing them with a third party and using them for marketing analytics purposes. According to CNIL, such limited / basic traffic website measurement does not require opt-in consent.
Communication.
If you leave feedback or fill-out form on our websites to contact you, we regard this as a pre-contractual communication via our website or profiles that allow us to contact you either on the contract performance or legitimate interest basis.
Direct marketing & PR purposes
Personalized advertising.
Third-party tools (such as LinkedIn cookies, pixels, and SDKs) are used for targeting our advertising campaigns and displaying ads on social networks or other platforms.
Audience measurement.
We use analytics tools (such as Commanders Act, 6sense, LinkedIn, Salesforce Account Engagement, Google, Piano Analytics) to better understand and interpret customer data, the way they use our services and websites, or measure success of our advertising campaigns and then use them to target advertising. As part of this, customers may also be segmented into different demographic groups to which their ad campaigns are tailored.
Direct marketing communication (newsletter).
Sending out direct marketing communication generally requires consent. However, some local laws allow direct marketing communication without the consent of the existing customers. You can always opt-out from newsletter using a link in a footnote or by contacting us.
Raising awareness in an online environment.
We operate a number of social media profiles to raise awareness about us in an online environment. If you interact with us using these profiles, we use online tracking tools including cookies of platform providers to communicate, respond or otherwise interact with you.
Consent settings.
We use cookies and tools that remember your consent preference settings.
We rely on following legitimate interests:
Optimal functioning of the website;
Website security;
Basic website traffic measurement;
Communication based on filled out contact forms;
Direct marketing communication (newsletter) (where the consent is not required);
Raising awareness in an online environment;
Consent settings.
Which specific cookies do we use?
On this specific website (www.piano.io), we use the following cookies:
Cookie name
Expiry
Transfer to 3rd country
Purpose of processing: Provision of the information society service
Type of cookies: Necessary or functional
_ablocker
1 day
Unknown
_cfduid
session
Unknown
cookie_test
1 day
YES - Ecuador
CookieConsent
1 year
YES - USA
JSESSIONID
session
Unknown or n/a
tc_test_cookie
session
YES - USA
TCPID
1 year
YES - USA
visitor_id#-hash
1 year
YES - USA
_cf_bm
1 year
YES - USA
pa_privacy
13 months
YES - USA
Purpose of processing: Statistic cookies
_ls_sit
persistent
YES - Ecuador
_acid
13 months
YES - USA
_pcx
13 months
YES - Ecuador, USA
pa_user
session
YES - USA
uuid
2 years
YES - UK
Purpose of processing: Direct marketing & PR purposes
Type of cookies: Analytical or advertisement or statistics (marketing cookies)
_pat
30 days
n/a
pvi
1 day
n/a
tbc
2 years
n/a
cX_aft
persistent
YES - Ecuador
cX_lastP1Time
persistent
YES - Ecuador
cX_lst
persistent
YES - Ecuador
cX_s
session
YES - Ecuador
gd_session
1 day
YES - Ireland
gd_visitor
2 years
YES - Ireland
6suuid
400 days
n/a
cX_G
13 months
YES - Ecuador
cX_P
13 months
YES - Ecuador
gckp
1 year
YES - USA
pardot
session
YES - USA
Rep/rep.gif
session
No
v1/beacon/img.gif
session
YES - Ireland
visitor_id#
1 year
YES - USA
xbc
2 years
n/a
Type of cookies: Unclassified cookies
_ppabc
3 months
n/a
to_gaAccount
persistent
n/a
_fcus
13 months
n/a
FDLBCLTY
session
YES - USA
STXXXKEY_language
1 year
n/a
What online tracking tools and vendors we use?
We use the following online tracking tools and vendors.
Online tracking tool
Use
Vendors
Vendor's privacy policy
6sense
– Account based marketing platform which allows us to analyze anonymous buying behavior and engage with new accounts as they visit our websites.
Audience measurement
6Sense Insights, Inc.
450 Mission Street, Suite 201, San Francisco, CA, 94105
Privacy policy
Facebook Pixel
- Allows better segmentation of the audience in order to personalize the editorial content and provide ads tailored to the audience on the Facebook social network.
Audience measurement & personalized advertising
Meta Platforms, Inc.
1601 Willow Rd Menlo Park, CA 94025
Privacy policy
Fjord Technologies (Commanders Act)
- Consent and Tag Management Platform
Consent settings
Commanders Act
3 Rue Taylor, 75010 Paris
Privacy policy
LinkedIn Insight Tag
- Allows for better audience segmentation to personalize editorial content and provide audience-specific ads on the LinkedIn social network.
Audience measurement & personalized advertising
LinkedIn Corporation
1000 W Maude Ave Sunnyvale, CA 94085
Privacy policy
Salesforce.com France SAS (Account Engagement)
– Allows us to automate marketing tasks such as sending emailing, publishing content, displaying forms, identifying and managing prospects etc. (Marketing automation)
Audience measurement & personalized advertising
Salesforce.com France SAS
3 Avenue Octave Gréard - 75007 Paris
Privacy policy
Piano Analytics
- Allows better segmentation of the audience in order to personalize the content and provide relevant information to the audience
Audience measurement
Piano Software, Inc.
111 S Independence Mall East, Suite 950 Philadelphia, PA 19106
Privacy policy
Google Ads
- Enables us to display our ads on third-party sites viewed by visitors who have already visited our website
Personalized advertising
Google LLC
1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy Mountain View, CA 94043
Privacy policy
Please read privacy policies of our vendors carefully. Our vendors provide services to as processors, however, some like Google, Meta/Facebook and Microsoft also declare controllership over your personal data. These vendors via their cookies or other online tracking tools, will collect and use your browsing data for their own purposes, in accordance with their privacy policy.
How to manage your consent?
Through the interaction with the "Manage cookies" or “Privacy Center” on our websites, you can change your consent preferences with online tracking tools at any time. By default, your consent preferences are turned off, i.e. your consent is not automatically granted or ticked. Only by changing this default settings, you grant us valid consent. If you allow cookies or grant us cookie-related consent anywhere on our website, these consents are granted for direct marketing & PR purposes, as explained above including Personalized advertising & Audience measurement.
The setting changes take effect immediately. You can also revoke your consent by making a request sent to
privacy@piano.io
, but this process is not immediate and automatic. We therefore recommend that you change the settings directly on the website as described above.
Change your consent preferences
How to prevent cookies from being stored on your device?
If you do not give your consent through our cookie pop-up (in terms of applicable types of cookies), these cookies will not be stored on your device. Disabled analytics and advertisement cookies have no impact on the functionality of the website. You can delete all types of cookies at any time through the settings of your internet browser, but if you delete even the necessary cookies, some settings and functions of our website may not work optimally.
In relation to specific analytics and advertisement cookies of third parties, it is also possible to use the so-called opt-out mechanisms by which you prevent the use of specific third-party cookies not only in relation to our website, but in general to the use of any other websites, or in relation to specific social networks that you use and have set up your own user account.
Google and many other third parties involved in displaying personalized behavioral advertising on the Internet
If you do not want to display personalized ads, you can use the initiative www.youronlinechoices.com.
By controlling preferences
, you can disable multiple cookies to display these ads in relation to the participating companies that use cookies. Turning them off does not mean that your ad will no longer be shown to you but will not be based on your behavior.
Facebook (Meta)
If you have your own Facebook account, you can also use the cookie management controls integrated directly into this social network, which are available here:
https://www.facebook.com/settings/cookie
At the same time, through the settings of your internet browser, it is possible to delete those cookies that are stored in your browser. Follow the information below, depending on which browser you're using:
Google Chrome
Safari (iPhone)
Safari (Mac)
Mozilla Firefox
Samsung Internet (Mobile)
Microsoft Edge
Internet Explorer
Opera
If you want to increase your protection against unauthorized monitoring of your device and behavior on the Internet through cookies (especially third parties), use the "Do Not Track" function (or Blocking third party cookies), which you can turn on according to the type of browser used according to the following instructions:
Firefox
Internet Explorer
Microsoft Edge
Google Chrome
Safari
Opera
Do we transfer your data to third countries outside the EU / EEA?
Yes, but only to the minimal extent necessary for operation of our business or provision of services. Some of our suppliers, which we use when using cookies, have their registered office or their other group companies are established in the United States of America, which is generally considered to be a third country which does not guarantee an adequate level of the personal data protection. In many cases, the data may not physically leave servers located in the EU, but processing due to the supplier's location may be subject to the law of a third country. We therefore carry out these cross-border transfers only in strict accordance with the law (in particular the GDPR) and local data protection legislation and only if, in our conclusions and findings, sufficient risk mitigation measures and safeguards are taken for the protection of fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subjects, as required by the Court of Justice in Case C-311/18 (Schrems II).
With external vendors, we generally prefer to rely on the EU standard contractual clauses (the “EU SCC”) or vendor’s BCRs instead of EU-US Data Privacy Framework. Before the EU-US Data Privacy Framework, EU SCC were concluded practically with all our US-based sub-contractors or recipients (such as Google, Meta/Facebook, Amazon or Microsoft). Currently, many of these US-based vendors are on the “Data Privacy Framework List” with active certifications but with EU SCC still validly concluded with us. We refer to these concluded and valid EU SCC below.
We can also transfer personal data to our processors operating from Canada based on European Commission´s adequacy decision and we also rely on the European Commission's decision on adequacy in relation to Japan and Commission´s decision on adequacy in relation to UK
Supplier / Third-Party
Appropriate safeguards and supplementary measures for cross-border transfers to third countries
Google LLC, with registered seat 1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy Mountain View, CA 94043, US
(Google Ads - Personalized advertising)
Google's Privacy Policy
Data Privacy Framework
New type of
standard contractual clauses
approved by the relevant decision of the European Commission (module 1 and module 2) and appropriate
additional measures
with further explanation of the settings.
Meta Platforms, Inc., with registered seat 1601 Willow Rd Menlo Park, CA 94025, US
(Audience measurement & personalized advertising)
Facebook's Privacy Policy
Data Privacy Framework
- EU SCC – available
here
LinkedIn Corporation with registered seat 1000 W Maude Ave Sunnyvale, CA 94085, US
(Audience measurement & personalized advertising)
LinkedIn's Privacy Policy
Data Privacy Framework
A new type of
standard contractual clauses
approved by the relevant European Commission decision is used (module 2), which also describes the additional measures taken.
6Sense Insights, Inc., with registered seat 450 Mission Street, Suite 201, San Francisco, CA, 94105, US
(Audience measurement)
Privacy Policy | 6sense
Data Privacy Framework
Commanders Act, with registered seat 3 Rue Taylor, 75010 Paris
(Consent settings)
Commanders Act's Privacy policy
A new type of
standard contractual clauses
approved by the relevant European Commission
Salesforce.com France SAS with registered seat 3 Avenue Octave Gréard - 75007 Paris
(Audience measurement & personalized advertising)
Salesforce.com's Privacy Policy
Data Privacy Framework
EU SCC – available here:
data-processing-addendum.pdf
Piano Software, Inc. with registered seat 111 S Independence Mall East, Suite 950 Philadelphia, PA 19106, US
(Audience measurement)
Piano Software, Inc.'s Privacy Policy
A new type of
standard contractual clauses
approved by the relevant European Commission decision is used (module 2), which also describes the additional measures taken.
Microsoft Corporation, with registered seat Redmond Washington 98052-6399, US
(Audience measurement)
Microsoft's Privacy Policy
Approved adequacy mechanism - self-certification
EU SCC – available here:
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365/compliance/offerings-eu-model-clauses?view=o365-worldwide
Is the use of online tracking tools contractual or legal requirement?
Use of online tracking tool is not a legal requirement. However, the use of necessary and functional tracking tools can be considered necessary for the provision of the information society services (for example this website) applicable to you during your visit and usage of our website. If we did not use such tools this would have certain negative effects on your experience and the proper working of website functionalities and third-party add-ons or plug-ins integrated to our website. Basic website functionalities will always work but as a consequence may be worse or sub-optimal  as a result of the configuration of settings stemmed from your cookie preferences and choices made. In the case of analytics or advertisement tracking tools, their provision is exclusively voluntary and is governed by the granting or non-granting of your consent. Failure to give this consent has no negative consequences for you.
Do we use online tracking tools in relation to our social media profiles?
Yes. Please read relevant privacy policies to better understand processing of your personal data by providers of social media platforms. We only have standard admin control over the personal data processed by us via our own company profile. We assume that by using these social media platforms, you understand that your personal data might be processed for other purposes and that your personal data might by transferred to other third countries and third parties by providers of social media platforms.
Meta / Facebook
In connection with the processing of statistical data on the use of our Facebook profile, we have the status of a joint controller with Meta Platforms, Inc., while basic information on the agreement of joint controllers pursuant Art. 26 (1) and (2) can be found here:
https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/page_controller_addendum
Our social media add-ons are integrated on our website. You will recognize them by the Meta logo on the website. When you visit our website, Meta receives information that you have visited our website with your IP address. If you click on the Meta icon available on our website while you are signed in and / or registered to your Meta account, the content of the website is redirected to your Meta profile. Consequently, Meta may associate your visit to your website with your user account. Data is transferred regardless of whether you have a Meta account or not. Please note that when using our website, we have no influence on the data collected and the data processing processes, and we also do not know the overall scope of the data being collected, the purpose of the processing or the data processing of such data. Meta stores your information about you as user profiles and uses it for your own advertising, market research, and / or customizing services and tools to registered users. Such evaluation is performed in order to inform other Meta users of your activities on our website. You are entitled to object against the creation of such user profiles, and you must contact Meta to lodge an objection against that processing. We always recommend you sign out of your Meta account, especially to avoid associating your online activity with your profile. For more information about the purpose and scope of your data discovery and processing by Meta, please visit the Meta Privacy Statement at:
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
We would also like to inform you that we can use the services provided by Facebook Ireland Limited, which are labelled as “data file custom audiences” – the management of the audience for advertising campaigns, and may combine the data we process with personal data processed in Facebook and “measurement and analytics”, in which Facebook processes personal data on our behalf to measure the performance and reach of our advertising campaigns and provide us with user reports that have seen and responded to our advertising content. Therefore, this processing of your personal data may occur if you interact with our advertising content or our websites as you use your Facebook-based user profile. In such cases, we use Facebook as the processor, using the following legal safeguards to process your personal data:
https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/businesstools
,
https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/dataprocessing
.
If the above-described processing of personal data interferes with you, you can object to it or you can also use the available self-regulatory tools developed for the online marketing sector, available here: http://www.aboutads.info/choices or www.youronlinechoices.eu. These online tools allow you to automatically identify and delete third-party digital identifiers (including those from Facebook) in your browser, thereby preventing your personal data from being processed.
LinkedIn
Our website also has an integrated plug-in of the LinkedIn social network, which is operated by LinkedIn Company, Inc., 1000 W Maude Sunnyvale, CA 94085, USA. Vestberry has no influence on the processing of your personal data by LinkedIn as controller of this social network nor control except common administration of our profile available here:
https://www.linkedin.com/company/piano-io
. For more information on the processing of your personal data, you can use the link:
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
We can use LinkedIn also as our processor during support the sales, recruiting, marketing, educational or other business practices aimed on increasing awareness of Piano Software in online environment towards relevant professional audience based on this Data Processing Addendum:
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/l/dpa
X Corp./Twitter
Our website also has an integrated plug-in of the platform “X” (formerly known as Twitter) - social network, which is operated by X Corp., 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103 U.S.A. Piano has no influence on the processing of your personal data by X as controller of this social network nor control except common administration of our profile available here:
https://twitter.com/piano_io
. For more information on the processing of your personal data, you can use the link:
https://twitter.com/privacy
.
What rights do you have?
You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time and the withdrawal of the consent does not affect the lawfulness of the consent processing prior to its withdrawal.
You also have a right to object to any direct marketing processing of your personal data including profiling. You have right to object to any processing that is based on legitimate interest including to profiling based on such legitimate interest pursuant to the Article 21 GDPR.
In case of exercising the right, we will gladly demonstrate to you how we have evaluated these legitimate interests as compelling over the rights and freedoms of data subjects.
The GDPR lays down general conditions for the exercise of your individual rights. However, their existence does not automatically mean that they will be accepted by us because in a particular case exception may apply. Some rights are linked to specific conditions that do not have to be met in every case. Your request for an enforcing specific right will always be dealt with and examined in terms of legal regulations and applicable exemptions. Among others, you have:
Right to request access to your personal data according to Article 15 of the GDPR. This right includes the right to confirm whether we process personal data about you, the right to access to personal data and the right to obtain a copy of the personal data we process about you if it is technically feasible.
Right to rectification according to Article 16 of the GDPR, if we process incomplete or inaccurate personal data about you.
Right to erasure of personal data according to Article of the 17 GDPR, if one of the conditions for erasure is fulfilled and no exception applies.
Right to restriction of processing according to Article 18 GDPR, if one of the conditions for restriction is fulfilled.
The right to data portability according to Article 20 of the GDPR, if the processing is based on consent pursuant to point (a) of Article 6(1) or point (a) of Article 9(2) or on a contract pursuant to point (b) of Article 6(1) GDPR. Your California Privacy Rights: California residents under 18 years old, in certain circumstances, may request and obtain removal of personal information or content that they have posted on our website. Please be mindful that this would not ensure complete removal of the content posted by you on our website. To make any request pursuant to California privacy law, please contact us using the information provided below. You have a right to lodge a complaint related to personal data to the relevant data protection supervisory authority or apply for judicial remedy. Please note that our competent (leading) data protection authority is the Office for Protection of Personal Data of the Slovak Republic. In any case we advise to primarily consult us with your questions or requests.
Changes to this Online Tracking Policy
We may change this online tracking policy on time to time by posting the most current privacy policy and its effective date on our website. In case we change this cookie policy substantially, we may bring such changes to your attention by explicit notice, on our websites or by email.
April 2024
Piano Software, Inc.
Empower every team to understand and influence customer behavior.
Documentation
Request a demo
Platform
Overview
Building on Piano
Audience
Customer Data Integration
Customer Data Segmentation
Customer Data Activation
Analytics
Data Democratization
Data Management
Data Sources
Data Mining
Data Unification
Activation
Journey Orchestration
Subscription Management
Print Subscriptions
Identity Management
Amplifier
Social Media Distribution
Newsletters + Notifications
Campaign Optimization
Services
Industries
Media
Transportation
Financial Services
Resources
Company
Why Piano
About Us
Partners
Leadership
Careers
Documentation
Request a demo
Newsletter sign-up
Login
DMCA Notice
PRIVACY
TERMS & CONDITIONS
STATUS
© 2024 PIANO SOFTWARE INC
Sub-policy 4
https://www.subsaver.co.uk/Privacy:
SubSaver
Home
About
FAQs
Contact
Register
Log in
SubSaver a division of HH&S Group LTD - Privacy Notice
WHO WE ARE
We are the subscription management business of HH&S Group Ltd trading as SubSaver.
ABOUT THIS PRIVACY NOTICE
This is the main privacy notice for HH&S Group Ltd.
In summary, we’ll use your personal information:
As needed to provide our products and services, for example to
administer subscriptions, take orders and renewals and handle
customer service queries
To manage our business and to comply with the law.
This Privacy Notice, which covers all of your personal information
whether collected online or offline, including by telephone or where
you write to us.
For all of our Sites, the publisher of the newspaper or magazine you subscribe to is the data controller of the personal information
that we gather about you.  Regardless of which publisher
is the controller, you can always contact SubSaver with questions or concerns
about your privacy by emailing us at
help@subsaver.co.uk
1. TYPES OF INFORMATION WE PROCESS AND WHERE IT COMES FROM
Information that we collect and process about you includes:
Personal and contact details you have provided to us, such as
your name, email address or postal address, for example when you
register for a subscription;
Information we buy or obtain from third parties, including
marketing lists.
2.  USE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We want to offer you products and services which you want to use. We
may use and permit others to use your personal data as set out below.
We may use information about you to provide and manage the products
and services you have subscribed to or purchased, to help us customise
our products or services for you, to personalise your visits to our
Sites, to help us to choose products and services we think will
interest you, for market research and to improve the usefulness of our
Sites, products and services.
We also use your personal data to contact you, including to notify
you about changes and updates to products or services, to evaluate the
performance of our products and services and to develop new products
and services.
We may use your information for the management of our business and
improving the operation of our business and that of our business
partners, to assess our internal processes and carry out financial
checks.
We may monitor, record and store records of calls, email, text
messages, social media messages and other
communications where permitted by law and we’ll do this where the law
requires it, or to comply with regulatory rules, to prevent or detect
crime, for evidential purposes, in the interests of protecting the
security of our communications systems and procedures and for quality
control and staff training purposes.
We may use your data to comply with legal and regulatory obligations.
We may make use of your personal information for direct marketing
activities, or supply this information to third parties for their
direct marketing activities, with your consent or as permitted by law.
By direct marketing activities, we mean the communication directly to
particular individuals (by e-mail, post or telephone) of any
advertising or marketing material.
Where we’re relying upon your consent to process personal data, you
can withdraw this at any time by contacting us at
help@subsaver.co.uk
.
We may disclose details about the use of our Sites to other
businesses e.g. to demonstrate patterns of use to advertisers and
others. The information we pass on will be anonymised. We compile
anonymous records of user trends which we may make use of ourselves or
pass to the publishers or our associated companies, including advertising networks.
3. WHO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION WITH
SubSaver shares information with the publisher of your newspaper or magazine and  as needed with our third party service
providers and partners, as part of providing and administering our products and services or operating our
business or as set out below.
We will disclose your information and co-operate with appropriate
bodies and authorities in good faith  where we are required to by
law, a court order, a regulatory authority, or otherwise, including
with the police, trading standards, regulatory authorities or other
relevant authorities.
The publisher of your newspaper or magazine may also share information to facilitate the sale of one or more
parts of their business, including if they are approached by a potential
buyer or the restructuring of one or more parts of their business and
with auditing organisations such as the Audit Bureau of Circulation
4. WHAT ARE THE LEGAL GROUNDS FOR OUR PROCESSING OF YOUR
PERSONAL INFORMATION (INCLUDING WHEN WE SHARE IT WITH OTHERS)?
We rely on the following legal bases to use your personal data:
A. Where it is needed to provide you with our products or
services, such as:
Managing products and services you hold with us, or an enquiry
about
one
Updating your records, tracing your whereabouts to contact you
about
your account and doing this for recovering debt (where appropriate)
Sharing your personal information with third parties and services
providers when you apply for a product or service to help manage your
product or service
All stages and activities relevant to managing any product or
service including enquiry, application, administration and management
of accounts
B. Where it is in our legitimate interests to do so, such as:
Managing your products and services, updating your records
To perform and/or test the performance of, our products, services
and internal processes
For some direct marketing communications, subject to appropriate
controls and safeguards
To follow guidance and recommended best practice of government
and
regulatory bodies
For management and audit of our business operations including
accounting
To carry out monitoring and to keep records of our communications
with you and us
For market research and analysis and developing statistics
To provide insight and analysis  to business
partners either as part of providing products or services, helping us
improve products or services, or to assess or to improve the operating
of our businesses
Where we need to share your personal information with people or
organisations in order to run our business or comply with any legal
and/or regulatory obligations
To comply with our legal obligations or where we reasonably
believe
we are under a legal or regulatory obligation
C. With your consent or explicit consent
For some direct marketing communications and digital advertising
activities
5. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR DATA FOR?
In general, we keep your personal information for as long as we need
it for the purpose for which it was collected, plus a short additional
period in case of problems. How long we keep it therefore varies
according to the type of information it is and why we have it, and will
range from a few days or weeks to, in some cases, several years.
 We have established a full data retention policy, and can provide
further information on request.
6. WHAT ARE YOUR RIGHTS UNDER DATA PROTECTION LAW?
The law gives you certain rights in respect of the information that
we hold about you.  Below is a short overview of those rights. The
website of the Information Commissioner’s Office (
http://www.ico.org.uk
) has a wealth
of useful information in respect of your rights over your personal data.
If you wish to exercise your rights, you can  write to us by
email
help@subsaver.co.uk
or by post to SubSaver, 301 Harbour Yard, Chelsea Harbour, London SW10 0XD, for
the attention of the legal department.
Your right to withdraw your consent
If we are processing your personal data on the basis of your
consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time.
Your right to access the information we hold about you
With some exceptions designed to protect the rights of others, you
have the right to a copy of the personal data that we hold about you,
as well as information about what we do with it, who we share it with
and how long we will hold it for.  We may make a reasonable charge
for additional copies of that data beyond the first copy, based on our
administrative costs.
Your right to have inaccurate information about you
rectified
You have the right to have the information we hold about you
corrected if it is factually inaccurate.
Your right to object to what we do with your data, and
to have restrictions placed upon it
Where we process your personal data on the basis of our legitimate
interest, you have the right to object to that processing and to have
restrictions placed upon it while we consider your objection.
Your right to have your information erased in some
circumstances
You have the right to require us to delete the information that we
hold about you if it is no longer necessary for the purpose we
collected it for, and there is no other legal basis on which we must,
or are allowed to, retain it.
Your right to stop receiving direct marketing from us
You have the right to require us to stop sending you direct
marketing material (for example, promotional emails).  It can
sometimes take a few days to action these requests.
Your right to complain to the Information Commissioner’s
Office (ICO)
You have the right to lodge a complaint about our handling of your
personal data with the supervisory authority, which in the UK is the
Information Commissioner’s Office. But before you do so, please do
contact us first to give us a chance to put matters right, at
help@subsaver.co.uk
You can contact the ICO on 0303 123 1113.
7. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY NOTICE
It’s likely that we’ll need to update this Privacy Notice from time
to time.  Any changes to this Privacy Notice will be posted here
and such changes will become effective as soon as they are posted. Your
continued use of the relevant Site constitutes notice to you of all
these changes.
8. CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this privacy notice, or if you wish
to exercise your rights you can contact us email at
help@subsaver.co.uk
.
Alternatively, you can write to SubSaver, 301 Harbour Yard, Chelsea Harbour, London SW10 0XD
Sub-policy 5
https://matterscommunity.co.uk/p/privacy:
This website uses essential cookies solely for the purpose of identifying your account. To view the cookie policy or find out more,
click here.
Dismiss
Home
About us
FAQs
Get in touch
Home
About us
FAQs
Get in touch
Privacy Policy
Last updated [28 June 2022]
STRAT7 Researchbods, a division of STRAT7 Limited ("Researchbods")
administer and operate the website www.matterscommunity.co.uk (the “Site”) and “Mail Matters”, “Mail Online Matters” and “Metro Matters” (the “Panels”) on behalf of
Associated Newspapers Limited
("
ANL
" ''
we
", "
us
", and "
our
").
ANL will be the controllers of your information for the purposes of data protection legislation.
This privacy notice covers the collection of personal information from users of the Site and members of our Panels ("
you
" and "
your
") and use of that information by ANL and parties that ANL authorise, such as our suppliers and subcontractors.
1. What kinds of information do we collect:
The information collected about you depends on how you're using the Site and participating in the Panels, but we will only collect your personal information where necessary.
• Registration Data
To become a member of a Panel, you need to register on the Site. When you register you are asked to provide some basic information about yourself, such as your name, email address, your date of birth, postcode and phone number - which we call "Registration Data". You can update your Registration Data at any time. Please note, your account may be deleted your account if you've been inactive for a period of time, so please make sure that any Registration Data is accurate and kept up to date.
• Research Task Data
We also collect information that you submit when you voluntarily complete any of the research tasks (e.g. surveys, polls or forum discussions) we invite you to participate in, or feedback, comments or other information that you provide to us through the Site or otherwise, including any information, photos and/or videos which you may upload.
This may also include special category data such as your ethnicity and sexuality, which helps us to ensure that our Panel is representative of the UK population and to conduct research more effectively. Providing special category data is not compulsory, and you may withdraw your consent at any time by emailing us at
support@matterscommunity.co.uk
• When you contact us
We collect information when you contact us or provide us with information through the Site or otherwise at any other point (for instance, when you contact us with an enquiry, request or feedback).
• Information from your device
Where you have consented to the use of cookies, we can collect information about your use of our Site, including your internet protocol (IP) address, operating system, browser version, cookie details, how long you stay and on which pages, and your navigation around the Site. We can also monitoring whether you have opened communications sent by you via the Site. Please see the Cookie Notice for more information.
• Third party suppliers
From third party suppliers who have confirmed to us that they are authorised to pass your information to us in accordance with your legal rights.
2. How we may use your information?
ANL may use your information to:
• administer and manage the Site and the Panels;
• verify your identity (e.g. when you register as a member of a Panel or return to the Site);
• invite you to participate in and communicate with you about research tasks (such as surveys, polls and forum discussion) on the Site and other research activities that may be relevant to you based on the information you have provided to us;
• send you communications about the Site and the Panels (including service messages to make you aware of new features or changes to the Site or Panels);
• collate and aggregate responses to research tasks by you and other members of the Panel;
• create statistical profiles of Panel membership based on the information provided by you and other members of the Panels;
• conduct market research, which may include statistical, technical and logistical analysis;
• verify that a Panel is representative of the UK population;
• process and deal with any complaints or enquiries made by or about you;
• monitor and develop the Site and the Panels to improve your experience;
• monitor compliance with and investigate any suspected breach of the Terms and Conditions or other applicable terms.
• to enter you into and administer any prize draws that you are eligible to take part in or, where invited to do so, have asked to be entered into. This is done to reward members for completing research tasks (e.g. surveys, polls and forum discussions).
3. Legal Basis for processing your data
Contract: We process some of your data as a necessary part of performing our contractual obligations to you (e.g. our Terms and Conditions)
Consent: Some processing activities will only be done where we have sought your prior consent. If we require your consent, we will provide you with full details of the information that we would like and the reason we need it. Once given, you have the right to withdraw your consent again at any point and we will be obliged to stop processing your data and delete it unless we can demonstrate that another legal basis applies. If you withdraw your consent to us processing sensitive personal data, we will stop sending you any research tasks which require this information but may continue to send you other research tasks and we may still use the anonymised, aggregated data which we have created using your information. We may continue to send you other research tasks and we may still use the anonymised, aggregated data which we have created using your information.
Legitimate Interests: We process some of your data because it is in our legitimate interests to do so. For example, we have a legitimate interest in undertaking market research and using the results of that research to gain insight. Where this is the case, we have considered the impact using your information may have on you, and limited our use to only what is strictly necessary. Where we are using this as our basis, we can provide you with an explanation of why the processing is in our interests and you are free to contest this decision if you wish.
Legal Obligations: Some processing activities are necessary for compliance with a legal obligation placed on us.
Processing purpose
Type of data
Legal grounds for processing
Market Research
Registration Data and Research Task Data you provide to us (other than special category data), which may include photos and/or videos you upload on the site.
Contract:
when you agree to participate in each of our research tasks in exchange for a reward (which may include entry into a prize draw or a voucher), then there is a contract between us for you to complete those research tasks band for us to be able to use the resulting data and to provide you with a reward (which may include an entry into a prize draw or a voucher). We will process your data in connection with that contract.
Legitimate Interest:
ANL has a legitimate interest in undertaking market research and using the results of that research to gain insight about its business, including its audience, brands, products and advertisements.
Market research
Special category data
Consent
: when you submit special category data we will ask for your consent to use that information for the purposes as described in this Policy.
Service Analytics
Registration Data, log-in history, history of engagement with our services, browser details, device internet protocol (IP) address and device type and data collected via cookies (see Cookies Policy).
Legitimate Interest
: We have a legitimate interest in using this information to understand how people use our Site and engage with the Panel services, so that we can improve our services and undertake research more effectively.
Administer rewards
such as prize draws or vouchers, and for winners of prize draws, publish their name and county on our Site or in the Panel newsletter
Registration Data and for prize draw winners, their name and county.
Contract
: when you agree to participate in our research services in exchange for a reward (such as an entry into a prize draw or a voucher), a contract is formed between us and you – to complete those research tasks in exchange for us administering that reward.
Legal obligation
: the Non-Broadcast Code of Advertising and Direct & Promotional Marketing (CAP Code) requires us to publish or make available the winner's name and county.
Queries and complaints handling
Registration Data, Research Task Data,  log-in history, history of engagement with our services, browsing data, device IP address, device type and any other data your provide to us.
Legitimate Interest
: We have a legitimate interest in our users engaging with the Site and services and improving the Site and services. Therefore we may use your personal information to manage any queries or complaints you may have
4. Emails from Mail Matters, Mail Online Matters and Metro Matters
• All Panel members will receive emails in connection with the Site and the Panels. This includes emails about: new features or changes on the Site; information about new surveys, polls or forum discussions on the Site; other research activities that may be relevant to you based on information you have provided to us; information about rewards, including prize draws in connection with research tasks on the Site.
• By registering to be a member of the Panel you acknowledge that you understand that these emails are necessary for us to provide our research services. You can unsubscribe from these emails at any time by clicking on the "unsubscribe” link at the bottom of any of the emails. Alternatively, you can email us at support@matterscommunity.co.uk from your registered email address and ask us to unsubscribe you.
5. How your information is shared
• Researchbods shares your personal information with ANL, as the owner of the Site and the Panel.
• ANL has access to those parts of the Site that are visible to other Panel members as well as open and closed online discussion forums on the Site, and may engage with you directly via such discussion forums and other areas of the Site.
• ANL may disclose aggregated and anonymised results of the research tasks to other members in the ANL group of companies and third parties (such as advertiser clients and media buying agencies).
• ANL may also pass information about you to other parties as follows:
o to third party processors authorised by us and acting on our behalf such as contractors, suppliers and/or agents including without limitation our customer care teams to administer and manage the site and the Panel now or in the future. These third parties are only allowed access to your information as needed to perform functions connected with the Site and the Panel, or to provide services to us. They're not allowed to use it for any other purpose.
Our current sub-processors are the following:
Amazon AWS
Amazon Workmail
Askia
CACI
DMA Institute
Focus Vision
Freshworks Inc.
Google Mail
iTracks
LivingLens
Microsoft Outlook
Own Cloud
Viddler
Vimeo
o as part of general statistical information about the Panel's membership base, traffic volumes and related matters. These details will not include information from which you could be personally identified;
o to the police, regulatory bodies or legal advisers in connection with any alleged criminal offence, unlawful activity or suspected breach of the Terms and Conditions or where required by law or where we suspect harm or potential harm to others. We will cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing us to disclose the identity or location of or any other information about anyone breaching any relevant terms and conditions or otherwise for the prevention or detection of crime or the apprehension or prosecution of offenders.
6. Publically available information
Please note that the Site contains public forums and pages which are displayed to other members of the Panel. When you engage with these areas of the Site, your user name and some profile information you voluntarily provide and your submissions will be publicly available. Please always think carefully about creating your user name (which will be the identity by which you are known on those areas) and before disclosing information to other users or otherwise making your information publicly available.
7. Details of transfers to third countries and safeguards
• Any organisation who has access to your information in the course of providing services on ANL or Researchbod’s behalf will be governed by contractual restrictions and/or technical limitations to make sure they protect your information and comply with applicable data protection legislation.
• Where these organisations are based outside of the EEA in a jurisdiction that has not been deemed adequate by the EU, ANL or Researchbods enter into EU approved model clauses with them to ensure appropriate safeguards are in place.
8. How can you exercise your rights under the GDPR
• Access: If you wish to exercise your right to access a free copy of your data, you can contact us at the contact details provided below at Section 13.
• Deletion: To ask us to delete your personal data, please contact us at the contact details provided below at Section 13. However, there may be circumstances where we are legally entitled to retain it.
• Rectification: If you wish to update or rectify your data, you can do this directly by accessing your account settings.
• Revoke consent: If you wish to object to the processing of your special category data you can email us at support@matterscommunity.co.uk. You can opt-out of email communications by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link in any marketing email or newsletter you receive from us.
• Objection to legitimate interests: If you wish to object to our processing of your data where we are pursuing our legitimate interests or those of a third party please contacting us as at the contact details provided below at Section 13 stating the nature of and reasons for such objection.
• Complain: You also have the right to lodge a complaint about us with our supervisory authority, the Information Commissioner’s Office.
If you are contacting us to exercise any of your rights under the GDPR, you will have to provide valid proof of identification. We are required to respond to your request within 1 month.
9. Data retention and account deletion
We will keep your personal information for only as long as necessary, which is longer in some cases than in others. The length of this retention period depends on the purpose for which the information was obtained and its nature. For example:
• We may need to keep some personal information about you so that we can deal with any complaints you might make about the Site or the Panel or our services.
• If you ask us to stop sending you emails in connection with research tasks, the Site and the Panel, we need to retain enough information about you to enable us to ensure we stop including you in any communications.
• We may need to keep personal information so that we can defend possible future claims.
10. Closing your account
You may close your account at any time. If you do so, your Registration Data will be removed and you will be unable to access the Site and you will no longer receive emails from us.
We will delete your account as soon as reasonably practicable following receipt of the deletion request, and in any event within 5 business days.
If you delete your account, we may continue to process your data for contractual reasons e.g. If we need to provide you with a prize won before closing your account. Please note, if you have not earned a reward or incentive or rewards at the time you delete your account, you will forfeit any rights to try and earn or receive those incentives or rewards.
We reserve the right to suspend or terminate your membership at any time, at our sole and absolute discretion. This may be because, for example, we consider that you have breached the Terms and Conditions or any other applicable terms or if you have been inactive for a period of time.
We may close the Panel and your account when the research programme ends or is cancelled. In these circumstances, we will inform all Panel members by email of the Panel being closed, at which point your access to it will cease.
11. Business Changes
ANL may choose to run the Site or the Panel itself or to appoint a new supplier to run it in which case your information may be passed to that new supplier. Use of your personal information will remain subject to this privacy notice (as amended from time to time).
If ANL becomes involved in a merger, acquisition, restructuring, reorganisation or other transaction involving the sale of some or all of our assets, then your information may be included in the assets that are transferred to the new owner and may be provided to the entities and advisers involved. Such a transaction may involve ANL: (i) retaining the right to continue to use transferred personal information in addition to the right of the new owner to use such information; and (ii) engaging in additional transfers of personal information (including new personal information) with the new owner from time to time following such a transaction. ANL will provide notice to you before any of your personal information becomes subject to a different privacy notice.
12. Updates to this Policy
We reserve the right to make changes to this Policy. Where changes are made, we will post the revised Policy here with an updated effective date. Please check regularly for any changes to this Policy.
13. How to contact us:
If you have any queries or comments about this Policy or to exercise any of your rights under the GDPR, please contact us by email at:
dataprotection@dmgmedia.co.uk
Alternatively, you can write to us at:
Legal Department – Data Protection & Privacy
Associated Newspapers Limited
Northcliffe House
2 Derry Street
London, W8 5TT
U.K.
You can also contact our Data Protection Officer at:
DMPrivacy@shoosmiths.co.uk
Alternatively, you can write to them at:
Shoosmiths LLP
F.A.O Data Protection Officer - Associated Newspapers Ltd
Platform, New Station Street,
Leeds, LS1 4JB
U.K.
Sub-policy 6
https://id5-sync.com/privacy/optout:
{"id5id":null}
Sub-policy 7
https://www.dmgt.com/site-services/privacy-policy:
Skip to content
Privacy & Cookies Notice (‘Notice’)
Last updated: 10 May 2021
Previous version: 4 June 2019
What is this Notice for?
This Notice explains how we protect and handle any personal information you provide to us. By using our website, you understand that we may use your personal information as outlined in this Notice.
Who are we?
Daily Mail and General Trust plc (“
DMGT
”, “
we
”, “
us
” or “
our
”) is the controller of your personal data for the purposes of data protection law. We are registered in England and Wales with company registration number 184594, and are registered at Northcliffe House, 2 Derry Street, London, United Kingdom, W8 5TT.
What information do we collect?
When you contact us
When you contact us, DMGT will process your name and contact information, including email address, company details and any other information concerning your enquiry.
Alert services
If you register for the alert service, our processor, Sailthru Inc. (“
Sailthru
”), will collect your name, country, occupation, email address and marketing preferences on our behalf. You can read Sailthru’s privacy notice
here
.
Device and cookie information
Cookies help DMGT provide you with a good experience when you browse the Website and allow us to improve it.
Our Website uses Mixpanel, a web analytics service provided by Mixpanel, Inc. (“
Mixpanel
”). Mixpanel uses cookies to help us analyse how you use the site. The information collected does not include any data that identifies you as an individual but does include other generic information such as your location, browser name and version, your activity on the site including which pages you have visited and at what date and time. You can find Mixpanel’s privacy notice
here
.
You are able to accept or decline our use of optional cookies when you visit our Website via our Consent Management Platform that appears when you first visit our Website, or by clicking on Cookie Settings.
The links below take you to the help sections for each of the major browsers that will tell you how you can manage your cookies:
–
Firefox
–
Internet explorer
–
Microsoft Edge
–
Chrome
–
Safari OS X
–
Safari iOS
–
Android
–
Blackberry
–
Windows phone
Shareholder information
If you are a DMGT shareholder who has acquired A Ordinary Non-Voting shares, please read our separate
shareholder privacy notice
for information about shareholder data processing.
What legal basis do we have for processing your data?
Our legal basis for processing your data are:
Legitimate Interest
: We process some of your data because it is in our legitimate interests to do so. Where this is the case, we have considered the impact using your information may have on you and limited our use to only what is necessary. In the case of improving our website experience, it is in our legitimate interest as an organisation to ensure that we provide you with the best possible experience. We need to use browsing data to identify trends and where improvements can be made. We believe that it is within the reasonable expectations of the visitors to our website that we would use their information in this way. Where we are using this as our basis, we can provide you with an explanation of why the processing is in our interests and you can object to the use of your data.
Legal Obligation:
There may be situations where we need to use your information to comply with legal and regulatory obligations or engage in legal claims.
Consent:
If we require your consent, we will provide you with full details of the information that we would like and how we want to use it. Once given, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time and we shall stop processing your data and delete it .
What do we use your data for?
Improving the website
Mixpanel uses device and cookie data in aggregate form so that DMGT can understand how users interact with our website and to help us generally enhance the user experience.
Legal basis for processing: Legitimate Interests/Consent
Aggregate statistics or reporting
Mixpanel may also collect anonymised details about visitors to the website for the purposes of aggregate statistics or reporting purposes for DMGT. However, no single individual will be identifiable from the anonymised details collected for these purposes.
Legal basis for processing: Legitimate Interests
Managing our alert service communications with you
As part of the alert service we will send you regular communications by email. If you would like these to stop at any time, you can unsubscribe either through the opt-out link in the emails or by contacting us at enquiries@dmgt.com
Legal basis for processing: Consent
Disclosures permitted or required by law
Your data will be disclosed where we are obliged to do so by law. We may also disclose your information in order to protect or enforce our rights or the rights of others and for the prevention and detection of crime.
Legal basis for these processing activities: Legitimate Interest/Legal Obligation
Data transfers outside the UK or the EEA
If you register for the alert service, you will need to provide your name and email address. This information will be held by our third-party communications partner, Sailthru. Your data is protected by contracts between us and this organisation which ensure that appropriate safeguards are put in place and mandate an equivalent compliant level of security when they access your information outside the United Kingdom (UK) and / or the European Economic Area (EEA). The information will not be used for any other purpose; it will be stored securely and will not be shared with other third parties.
DMGT may transfer personal information that is collected from you to third-party data processors located in countries that are outside of the UK, and / or the EEA, including the US, in connection with any of the other above purposes. Please be aware that countries which are outside the UK and / or the EEA and have not been deemed adequate by the UK government and / or EU Commission may not offer the same level of data protection as the UK and / or the EEA, although the collection, storage and use of your personal data will covered by agreements which ensure that appropriate safeguards are put in place and an equivalent level of protection by the third party when it is processing your data.
Third-party use of information
Except as described above, DMGT will not disclose, sell or otherwise share your personal information to any third party.
However, if a third party acquires all or part of DMGT’s business and / or assets, DMGT may disclose your personal information to that third party and its professional advisors in connection with the acquisition.
Security
We have technical and organisational measures to safeguard and secure the information we collect. For more information on our efforts to ensure your data is held in a secure manner, please feel free to contact us at enquiries@dmgt.com.
How long do we store your data?
The amount of time we hold your data varies according to the purpose we have for using it. However, we will not hold data for any longer than is necessary for the purposes we collected it, the legal basis we rely upon to process the data, and our relevant legal or operation retention requirements.
Any personal data collected for the purposes of administering the alert service will be retained until you opt-out of this service.
Details on specific retention periods for our data can be obtained by contacting us at enquiries@dmgt.com.
Your data rights under UK law and EU law
You can exercise your rights under UK General Data Protection Regulation (“
UK GDPR
”) or the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“
EU GDPR
”) by sending an email to
enquiries@dmgt.com
. indicating the type of right you would like to exercise and that you are making the request under the UK GDPR and/or the EU GDPR.
Please note that we may seek to verify the identity of the person submitting the request.
Where you are making a request via a third party, we need to be satisfied that the third party making the request is entitled to act on your behalf and may ask that third party to provide evidence of this entitlement. If we are satisfied that the third party has the appropriate authority, we will respond directly to that third party.
You have the right to access information we hold about you. This includes the right to ask us supplementary information about:
the categories of data we are processing
the purposes of data processing
the categories of third parties to whom the data may be disclosed
how long the data will be stored (or the criteria used to determine that period)
your other rights regarding our use of your data
We will provide you with the information in electronic within one month of your request, unless doing so would adversely affect the rights and freedoms of other individuals (e.g. another person’s confidentiality or intellectual property rights). We will inform you if we are unable to meet your request for that reason. If we have received a number of requests from you and / or if your request is complex, we may extend this time limit for additional two months and let you know the expected timeframe to process your request.
You have the right to data portability.
Where the legal justification for our processing of your personal data is based on consent or for the performance of a contract, you have the right to request that data you have provided to us (and not data we may have created about you) be provided to you in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format or transmitted directly to another controller. We will comply with your request unless we have compelling legitimate grounds for why we cannot comply.
If you would like to exercise your data portability right, please contact us
You have the right to make us correct any inaccurate personal data about you.
If you would like to update or rectify your data, please contact us.
You can object to us using your data for profiling you or making automated decisions about you.
If you wish to opt-out of having your personal information profiled for personalisation purposes, please contact us.
You have the right to have your personal data deleted
You can do this by asking us to erase any personal data we hold about you, if it is no longer necessary for us to hold the data for the purpose we collected it. Please note that there may be circumstances where we are legally entitled to retain certain data, for example, in order to comply with a legal obligation or to establish, exercise or defend legal claims.
You have the right to object to processing based on legitimate interests.
Where the legal justification for our processing of your personal data is our legitimate interest, you have the right to object to such processing on grounds relating to your particular situation. We will abide by your request unless we have compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests and rights, or if we need to continue to process the data for the establishment, exercise or defence of a legal claim.
If you wish to object to our processing of your data where we are pursuing our legitimate interests or those of a third party, please contact us stating the nature of and reasons for such objection.
You have the right to restrict the processing of your personal data.
You have the right to restrict our processing of your personal data where you believe such information to be inaccurate, our processing is unlawful or that we no longer need to process such information for a particular purpose, but where we are not able to delete the information due to a legal or other obligation or because you do not wish for us to delete it. In such case, we would mark stored personal data with the aim of limiting particular processing for particular purposes in accordance with your request, or otherwise restrict its processing.
To request the restriction or suppression of your personal data, please contact us.
You have the right to withdraw your consent for our alert service.
If you would like to stop our alert service communications at any time, you can unsubscribe either through the opt-out link in the emails or by contacting us.
You have the right to lodge a complaint regarding our use of your data
Please tell us your concerns first so that we have a chance to address them.
If you are not satisfied with the way we have handled your request, you can address any complaint to your local supervisory authority, e.g. the UK Information Commissioner’s Office as directed on their website at
www.ico.org.uk
.
Your data rights under the CCPA
This section of the applies solely to visitors, users and others who are residents of the State of California.
You can exercise your rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“
CCPA
”) by sending an email to
enquiries@dmgt.com
, indicating the type of right you would like to exercise and that you are making the request under the CCPA.
In order to process your deletion and / or access request, we are required by law to collect certain information about you to verify your identity. If, however, we cannot verify your identity from the information already maintained by us, we may request additional information from you, which shall only be used for the purposes of verifying your identity under the CCPA, and for security or fraud-prevention purposes.
You may use an authorised agent to submit a request to us on your behalf if they have written permission signed by you. However, we may require that you verify your identity directly with us and confirm that you have provided the authorised agent permission to act on your behalf.
We shall not discriminate against you because you have exercised your rights under the CCPA.
You have the right to be informed.
This includes information about:
the categories and the specific personal information that we may collect
the purposes for collecting that personal information
the categories of third parties to whom we may disclose that personal information
whether we disclose personal information for business purposes or for commercial purposes that would be considered a “sale” under the CCPA
This information is provided in this Notice.
You have the right to access information we hold about you.
You may request to access a copy of the personal information we have collected about you during the 12 months preceding the request.
Upon receipt of a valid and verifiable request from you, we shall disclose to you:
both the categories and specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you
the categories of sources from which the personal information is collected
the business or commercial purpose for collecting that personal information
the categories of third parties which whom we share that information
You have the right to receive the above twice per year. If we provide the information electronically, it will be in a in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily useable format that allows you to transmit the information to another entity without hindrance from us.
You have the right to have your personal information deleted.
You may request that we delete any personal information that we have collected from you unless retention of that information is permitted under applicable law.
You have the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information
.
We do not sell your personal information to third parties.
Children and young people
Our website is not aimed at children. We do not intentionally target, or otherwise process information from individuals who are under the age of 18.
If you are aged under 18, please ask for permission from your parent or guardian before giving us your information or using our websites.
If you are a parent or guardian of a child under 18, please contact us if you are aware that your child has used our websites or otherwise provided their information to us without your consent. We shall delete or otherwise cease processing your child’s personal information within a reasonable time.
In accordance with industry best practice guidelines, we may retain your information for a reasonable amount of time to make sure that we do not contact you in the future
Third-party sites
The website may contain links to other websites operated by third parties. Please note that this Notice applies only to the personal information that DMGT collects through our website and DMGT is not responsible for personal information that third parties may collect, store and use through their websites. You should always read the privacy notice of each website you visit carefully.
Updates to this Notice
We may make changes to this Notice and recommend you check this Notice periodically. We will inform you of material changes to this Notice by email.
Contact Us
If you have any queries regarding how we protect your personal data, you may email us at
enquiries@dmgt.com
.
Alternatively, you may write to us at:
DMGT plc, Northcliffe House, 2 Derry Street, London, W8 5TT
Notifications
Sub-policy 8
https://www.nielsen.com/lt/en/legal/privacy-statement/digital-measurement/:
Skip to content
Additional privacy information
For Nielsen
Our Privacy Principles
Learn more
Careers Privacy Notice
Learn more
Digital Measurement Privacy Notice
Learn more
Marketing Privacy Notice
Learn more
Marketing Cloud Privacy Notice
Learn more
Website Privacy Notice
Learn more
Client Communications Privacy Notice
Learn more
Need more help?
Privacy questions can be submitted by email to:
privacy.department@nielsen.com
Contact us
Find the right solution for your business
In an ever-changing world, we’re here to help you stay ahead of what’s to come with the tools to measure, connect with, and engage your audiences.
How can we help?
postid
How can we help?
*
Please select...
Sales Inquiry
Other Inquiry
Inquiry type
*
Please select...
Audience measurement
Gracenote content metadata
Marketing optimization
Media planning
Retail and transaction data
Sports marketing optimization
Former and Current Employee Inquiries
Careers and Internships Opportunities
First name
*
Last name
*
Business email address
*
Job title
*
Industry
*
Please select...
Agency
Automotive
Consulting
CPG
Education
Electronics
Financial Services
Food & Beverages
Government
Healthcare
Hospitality & Travel
Insurance
Internet
Manufacturing
Media
Music
Non-Profit
Other
Pharmaceuticals
Publishing
Radio
Real Estate
Retail
Sports
Technology
Telecommunications
Television & Cable
Video Gaming
Company
*
Location
*
Please select...
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chile
China
Colombia
Comoros
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cuba
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Democratic Republic of Congo
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Polynesia
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Ivory Coast
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kosovo
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
North Korea
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn Islands
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Republic of the Congo
Reunion
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
Saint Barthélemy
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Korea
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican
Venezuela
Vietnam
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Tell us more about your needs:
*
255 of 255 Character(s) left
Newsletter Opt-in
Yes! Sign me up for insights and news that count in Nielsen's weekly newsletter.
Marketing communications opt-in
Sign me up! I want to stay ahead of media's evolution with emails on the latest trends and insights, Nielsen/Gracenote content, products, events, and more!
newsletter
By clicking or tapping the button and sharing your contact information with us, you acknowledge that you have read our
Privacy Notice
and that you consent to receiving communications about Nielsen's business, products/services, and events that may be of interest to you. However, if you ever change your mind, you can unsubscribe from our communications by following the instructions within the email that you receive from us.
If you are a human seeing this field, please leave it empty.
Sub-policy 9
https://www.thisismoney.co.uk/money/experts/article-14487165/My-dads-neighbour-wants-cut-hedges-given-privacy-years-stop-DEAN-DUNHAM-replies.html:
SHARE SELECTION
Advertisement
How much you should have in an Isa at each age: Are you on track for a bumper pot in your golden years?
CRANE ON THE CASE: Amazon revoked my £379 gift card bonus from work as it claimed it had been reported STOLEN
I won a huge windfall on the lottery and left my job - this what I've spent my winnings on and luxuries I avoid
We test the Jaecoo 7 SHS: China's £35k Range Rover rival promises 745 miles of range from its plug-in hybrid system - could it tempt British motorists?
Cash Isa rules WON'T change in spring statement but Chancellor isn't ruling out shake-up later this year
Britain is rapidly becoming a low-cash society warns ATM network boss JOHN HOWELLS - but does it really matter?
Is gaming key for younger generation to learn about money? Two of Grand Theft Auto's creators believe so...
Best buy cash Isa launched by Zopa Bank of 5.01% - but there is a HUGE catch
Savills hopes for a boost from firms forcing staff back to the office, as shares fall despite profit rise
DFS shares jump 10% as sofa seller weathers consumer caution and enjoys rise in orders
Takeaway giant Deliveroo finally turns a full-year profit following cost-cutting measures - but its share price slumps
It IS ethical to back defence firms, insists Legal and General boss Antonio Simoes amid growing backlash against 'woke' investing
Trainline shares slump 11% as worries about rival state-run ticketing app bite
John Lewis staff miss out on bonus for third year running despite profit surge
My dad's neighbour wants to remove trees and hedges - can he stop them? DEAN DUNHAM replies
HMRC to use voice recognition to bring down call waiting times and says it WILL meet service targets this year
Housing market in doldrums over Trump tariffs: Demand slumps to its lowest level since 2023
Britain's 'first-ever electric sports car maker' founded by former Tesla execs debuts £65k featherweight EVs
EV slowdown slams the brakes on Porsche profits as it faces growing competition from China
This luxury car brand has the most distracting touchscreen as vehicle safety body demands simpler controls
The five golden rules you MUST follow to build a super Isa - and maximise your tax-free allowance
Don't let your bank pull this sneaky trick to cut your rate, says SYLVIA MORRIS: How to check and avoid it
Number of maxed out Junior Isas surges by 45% as parents and grandparents utilise £9k limit
HMRC makes major change to 'side hustle' tax... and will adopt US-style snoop scheme to tackle tax evasion
Previous
Next
My dad's neighbour wants to cut down hedges that have given him privacy for years. Can he stop them? DEAN DUNHAM replies
By DEAN DUNHAM
Updated:
08:55, 12 March 2025
e-mail
21
shares
200
View
comments
e-mail
Top
+99
Home
Home
200
View
comments
My father has a fence at the end of his garden.
There’s a new neighbour who lives on the other side of it who wants to remove the trees and hedges on her side but which have given my father privacy for 20 years. What are his rights?
G.G., via email.
Dean Dunham replies:
The first step is for your father to speak to his new neighbour, explain his position and ask nicely if they can reach a compromise. As I always say, do all you can to stay friendly with your neighbours.
If this approach does not work, your father will need to do some initial due diligence to establish the following three key points.
Firstly, who actually owns the trees and hedges? If they are jointly owned by your father, his rights will be stronger and indeed clearer and in these circumstances it will be easier for him to stop his neighbour removing them.
+1
Hedge fight: Can you prevent a neighbour from cutting down trees and hedges that provide privacy
Secondly, are there any tree preservation orders (TPOs) in place? Some trees are protected under TPOs, which means they cannot be cut down or pruned without special permission from the local council.
Thirdly, are there any relevant local regulations in place? Different councils may have specific regulations regarding tree cutting, so it’s essential to check local laws.
RELATED ARTICLES
Previous
1
Next
How did a fraudster pocket my BA flight refund? TONY...
My insurer won't pay out for cardiac arrest... over earache...
Share this article
Share
HOW THIS IS MONEY CAN HELP
What you need to know about money every week: This is Money podcast
If your father does not find any assistance from these three points, his only other option is to turn to the law, and to one that may help known as the Prescription Act 1832.
This law primarily deals with what’s known as ‘acquisition of easements’, such as rights of way or rights to light, but it does not specifically cover the right to privacy from trees.
However, where a householder has enjoyed privacy from trees for more than 20 years, as in your father’s case, it is potentially possible to argue for a prescriptive easement related to the trees.
However, please note this would be a novel and complex legal argument and in these circumstances I always advise using a specialist solicitor.
Should partner's employer pay for missed flight?
My partner was on a work trip overseas and due to arrive back last Friday so we could go away for a long weekend in Prague.
Unfortunately his flight back was cancelled and he’s had to pay for a new flight to join me. I think his work should pay for it – what are his rights?
B.M., via email.
Dean Dunham: Can your employer pay to replace missed flights?
Loaded
: 0%
Progress
: 0%
0:00
Previous
Play
Skip
LIVE
Mute
00:00
Current Time
0:00
/
Duration Time
6:19
Full Size
Need Text
Video Quality
1024p
960p
640p
480p
Foreground
---
White
Black
Red
Green
Blue
Yellow
Magenta
Cyan
---
Opaque
Semi-Opaque
Background
---
White
Black
Red
Green
Blue
Yellow
Magenta
Cyan
---
Opaque
Semi-Transparent
Transparent
Window
---
White
Black
Red
Green
Blue
Yellow
Magenta
Cyan
---
Opaque
Semi-Transparent
Transparent
Font Size
50%
75%
100%
125%
150%
175%
200%
300%
400%
Text Edge Style
None
Raised
Depressed
Uniform
Dropshadow
Font Family
Default
Monospace Serif
Proportional Serif
Monospace Sans-Serif
Proportional Sans-Serif
Casual
Script
Small Caps
Defaults
Done
Dean Dunham replies:
The first port of call is to look at the employment contract and employee handbook (if there is one) to see if either document makes any provision for missed holidays or events due to business commitments.
If such provision is made this will naturally answer your question, but I fear this will not be the case.
In the absence of such provision, your partner’s employer will not have any liability so will have no legal obligation to reimburse the cost of the new flight.
Of course, that does not mean that his employer will not do just that if he asks.
There is potentially a second route your partner can take. As his return flight was cancelled with less than 14 days’ notice, the airline will have to pay compensation and it’s likely the prescribed amount it will have to pay will cover the cost of his new flight.
However, there will be two things to consider.
Firstly, what was the cause of the cancellation? If it was due to an event that falls within the definition of ‘extraordinary circumstances’, the airline will not have to pay.
These are typically events that are outside of the airline’s control, such as air traffic control strikes, baggage handler and security strikes, severe adverse weather and political unrest.
Most other matters, such as crew shortages and technical faults with the aircraft, will fall outside of the definition and therefore give rise to a compensation claim.
The second consideration is whether your partner is entitled to the compensation (if there is a valid claim) or if it will be his employer that will be entitled to the money.
There is a good argument that it should be your partner, as he was the passenger and the cancellation impacted his personal time and therefore did not cause any detriment to his employer.
Can Dean Dunham help you?
Do you have a legal question for Dean Dunham? Email
d.dunham@dailymail.co.uk
, with brief details of your question or problem.
No legal responsibility can be accepted by the Daily Mail and This is Money for answers given.
> Read all of our consumer rights expert Dean Dunham's previous columns
SAVE MONEY, MAKE MONEY
Isa cashback
Isa cashback
Up to £3,000 on new accounts and transfers
Learn More
Learn More
Fix energy bills
Fix energy bills
Check price cap beating deals with uSwitch
Learn More
Learn More
Fee-free Isa investing
Fee-free Isa investing
Free share and ETF dealing, no account fee
Learn More
Learn More
4.85% cash Isa
4.85% cash Isa
Flexible cash Isa with unlimited withdrawals
Learn More
Learn More
Sipp cashback
Sipp cashback
Up to £3,000 when you open a Sipp by 5 April
Learn More
Learn More
Affiliate links: If you take out a product This is Money may earn a commission. These deals are chosen by our editorial team, as we think they are worth highlighting. This does not affect our editorial independence. Terms and conditions apply on all offers.
Advertisement
Share or comment on this article: 
                        My dad's neighbour wants to cut down hedges that have given him privacy for years. Can he stop them? DEAN DUNHAM replies
e-mail
21
shares
Add comment
Some links in this article may be affiliate links. If you click on them we may earn a small commission. That helps us fund This Is Money, and keep it free to use. We do not write articles to promote products. We do not allow any commercial relationship to affect our editorial independence.
F
Filthy
, No Name City, United Kingdom, 4 hours ago
You are missing out on the fact of look at the Deeds. Ours specify we must maintain a five foot fence on the sides we look after, so we do! And an extra foot to be sure...
HH
Haa Haa Haa
, London, United Kingdom, 7 hours ago
I’m confused. If the hedge is on the neighbours side of the fence and your dad has A FENCE between and separating then in the eyes of the judge the neighbour can do whatever they want with the hedge.

Now if your dad wants to put some hedges on HIS S
....
See more
c
cannawabit
, Milk n Beans, United Kingdom, 8 hours ago
Neighbours trees and hedges therefore her decision and nothing to do with your pops.
Show More Comments
The opinions and views expressed in the comments section are solely those of the individual users and do not represent or reflect the opinions, views, or positions of MailOnline. MailOnline does not endorse, support, or verify the accuracy of any user-generated content.
Terms
|
Privacy
|
Feedback
More top stories
POPULAR MONEY SECTIONS
Take me to…
Best savings rates tables
Find the best mortgage calculator
Power Portfolio investment tracker
Stock market data and share prices
This is Money's podcast
This is Money's newsletter
The best DIY investing platforms
The best bank accounts
The best cash Isas
The best credit cards
Save on energy bills
Compare broadband and TV deals
How to find cheaper car insurance
Investing Show videos
Financial calculators
Search
Enter search term
Search
Search within
All articles
Share prices
LATEST BUSINESS NEWS
Deliveroo finally turns a full-year profit
Savills hopes return to office will provide boost
John Lewis staff miss out on bonus
FCA abandons 'name and shame' plans
ECB boss warns over trade war inflation risk
Profits hit puts Puma on the back foot
Housing market in doldrums over Trump tariffs
L&G boss: It IS ethical to back defence firms
ASK AN EXPERT
Put your question to our team of independent experts. Click the more button to email us
more
Advertisement
DON'T MISS
Why are water bills rising by up to 47% next month?
Britain's 'first-ever electric sports car maker' founded by former Tesla execs debuts £65k featherweight EVs
ECB boss Christine Lagarde warns over trade war inflation risk as Europe retaliates to Trump's tariffs
Number of maxed out Junior Isas surges by 45% as parents and grandparents utilise £9k limit
Higher rate tax trap snares 680,000 more people - are you being caught?
Five golden rules you MUST follow to build a tax-free super Isa - and maximise your allowance
Housing market in doldrums over Trump tariffs: Demand slumps to its lowest level since 2023
HMRC makes major change to side hustle tax and will adopt US-style snoop scheme to tackle tax evasion
It IS ethical to back defence firms, insists Legal and General boss Antonio Simoes amid growing backlash against 'woke' investing
Want to win a French chateau? Apply to be on Channel 4's new show!
My dad's neighbour wants to cut down hedges that have given him privacy for years. Can he stop them? DEAN DUNHAM replies
Ivanka Trump may be the World Bank's ace card as it fights for survival: ALEX BRUMMER
What is a Bed & Isa? The smart move to protect your investments from tax
How to sort out ALL your savings in just an hour on your lunch break
The 20 most cashless cities revealed... plus the ones that are holding out
Pension gurus on top-ups and sums behind a comfortable retirement: This is Money podcast
ANSWERS FROM THE Experts
Has our tax expert Heather Rogers answered YOUR question yet?
My insurer won't pay out for cardiac arrest... over an earache I had 18 months ago: SALLY SORTS IT
My dad's neighbour wants to cut down hedges that have given him privacy for years. Can he stop them? DEAN DUNHAM replies
I lost my daughter to cancer but Aviva won't hand over her £37,600 pension: SALLY SORTS IT
How did a fraudster pocket my BA flight refund? TONY HETHERINGTON investigates
My mum was convinced to put £25,000 in a secret investment scheme: TONY HETHERINGTON investigates
I've been charged £2,250 for using my phone to connect to Dubai airport Wi-Fi: SALLY SORTS IT
TONY HETHERINGTON: I paid £2.70 for parking but was charged £170!
Virgin bumped us off flight to the U.S. and promised to refund 75% - but it's never paid up: SALLY SORTS IT
Neighbour and I fell out over a fence - now I'm selling and he's putting off buyers: DEAN DUNHAM replies
MORE HEADLINES
HEATHER ROGERS ANSWERS YOUR TAX QUESTIONS
Do I have to pay CGT because I mistakenly undervalued a house for probate?
How can we cut our controlling, greedy son-in-law out of inheritance AND avoid tax?
Can parents dodge Labour's VAT on private school fees by paying in advance?
I've done up a wreck of a house and doubled its value - how can I cut my tax on profits?
My ex-boyfriend plans to leave me his £2m estate and I'm worried about a huge inheritance tax bill
How do you find a good accountant? Five tips on when to seek help, hiring the right firm and typical costs
Home
Top
Share
Advertisement
Advertisement
DMG Media and its partners process, store and/or access information on a device.
We and our
partners
process, store and/or access data such as IP address, unique ID and browsing data to display personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement audience research and services development.  To collect this data, we use cookies or similar tracking technologies ("Cookies"). We and our partners usually rely on your consent for such processing, but in some cases, we may rely on legitimate interest.
Click "
Got it
" if you are happy for us and our partners to collect and use this data for the purposes set out above. Alternatively, click "
Manage Settings
" to learn more about how we and our partners use this data as well as how you can
reject or change our use of Cookies
or otherwise
opt out of our processing
of your data.
You can control how your data is used, view our 1160 partners and view more info at any time via the Cookie Settings link in our
Privacy Policy
. Your preferences will apply to this website only.