All applications of AnDream in Google Play
All applications of Fast-Soft in Google Play
All applications of Fast-Soft in Apple Store
Bubble Breaker for Windows Phone
Bubble Shooter for Windows Phone
Best Bubble Breaker for Windows 10
FastSyncFiles
Readme
Translitter
Readme
Privacy Policy
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://fast-soft.de/policy.htm:
Privacy Policy
The term “personal information” as used herein is defined as any information that identifies or can be used to identify, contact or locate the person to whom such information relates. The personal information we collect will be subject to this privacy policy, as amended from time to time.
We do not ask for your email address, phone number or any information about you.
We do not sell content.
We do not require registration.
The security of your personal information will not be compromised.
We do not ask for location information through our mobile app.
We do not send email newsletters.
Required Permissions
We do not require any permission for our application.
Advertising
All our games use the advertising from Google Admob.
By accepting this Privacy Policy and downloading or continuing to play our games or use our Services, you consent to our advertising partners collecting and using information about you to improve advertising, targeting and measurement systems so that we can show you relevant third party ads in our games.
When you play our games or use our Services, non-personal identifiers such as the Android advertising ID and/or Apple's ID for advertising (the ‘IDFA’) and other information from your device is collected and shared with advertising partners to enable the technical delivery of ads to your device.
Our advertising partners may combine this information with information which they have collected about you when you use their services (or the websites or services of third parties) in order to serve you more relevant ads in our games or to improve the accuracy of their targeting and measurement systems.
You consent to the collection and use of your data for targeting advertising purposes by our advertising partners as set out in this section and as further described in their privacy policies. We recommend that you review our advertising partners’ privacy policies for more information.
Contacts
e-mail: andream.store(at)gmail.com