Privacy policy – toolani & toovoip
Updated: December 1, 2023
The protection of your data is of particular concern to us. We therefore process your data exclusively on the basis of the legal provisions (DSGVO, TKG). In this data protection information, we inform you about the most important aspects of data processing within the scope of our website.
When you visit our website or install and open our app, your IP address, start and end of the session are recorded for the duration of this session. This is for technical reasons and thus represents a legitimate interest within the meaning of Art 6 para 1 lit f DSGVO. Unless otherwise regulated below, this data will not be further processed by us.
Data collection
We would like to point out that for the purpose of a functioning shopping process and for the subsequent processing of the contract, the IP data of the connection owner is stored by the app operator within the scope of cookies, as well as the name, the respective payment method, the country as well as the telephone number of the buyer.
The data provided by you is necessary for the function of this site. No data is transferred to third parties, with the exception of the transfer of credit card data to the processing banking institutions / payment service providers for the purpose of debiting the purchase price.
After termination of the credit purchase process, the data stored by us will be deleted. In case of a contract conclusion, all data from the contractual relationship will be stored until the expiration of the tax retention period (7 years). The data name, address, purchased goods and date of purchase will also be stored until the expiry of product liability (10 years).  The data processing is based on the legal provisions of § 165 para 3 TKG 2021 and Art 6 para 1 lit b of the DSGVO (necessary for the performance of the contract).
Your rights with regard to your data processed by us, you are generally entitled to the rights of information, correction, deletion, restriction, data portability, revocation and objection. If you believe that the processing of your data violates data protection law or your data protection rights have otherwise been violated in any way, you can complain to us at support@toolani.com or the data protection authority.
When installing and using the toolani app (iOS & Android) the device ID is saved for security reasons to be able to prevent fraudulent activities from users.
The app also asks for permission to access the user’s phone book, which you can decline. An advertising ID is also sent for tracking purposes related to ad campaigns.
User data
We collect the following data when signing up for toolani:
Email: we need your email address for authentication reasons when logging in.
IP: we save your IP for security reasons to monitor and prevent fraudulent behavior such as the creation of multiple accounts by one user with different IP addresses in a short period of time.
Phone number: we need your phone number to identify and authenticate incoming calls to our system. We can only connect calls from registered phone numbers.
Country: Depending on your phone number number and IP address we will assign a country to your account that will determine the currency and pricing of our products.
Password: passwords are securely saved (hashed) on our servers.
Device information: we save some information about your device for security reasons to prevent fraudulent behavior such us the creation of multiple accounts from one device:
Device ID
Device operating system and version
Hardware model
If you grant location access in our app, we will collect your location information.
If payments are made on our website or app, we also collect the following data depending on the selected payment method:
Payments with credit card:
We do not save your credit card number and on our servers, as we have no access to this information. Payments are processed by our payment partner
Adyen
.
We only save the name entered in the credit card payment form and the expiration month and year of your credit card.
Payments with PayPal: we only save the email address used for the payment made with PayPal, so that we can contact you there if we need to contact you about your payment.
Data retention
Your personal data is only stored while you have an active account with us. This data may be saved for a longer period if it is required by law, such as book keeping requirements or legal requirements to keep records of phone calls.
Data deletion
You want to close your account: We will delete of all your data.
You want to delete specific data, but keep your account: you can request to have just specific data deleted: name, address, payment details.-
Your email address and phone number can not be deleted if you want to keep your account, but you can change them.
In any case, please
send us an email
an include your phone number or email address used when signing up, so that we can find your account.
Data sharing
When sharing your data we are dedicated to make sure that the relevant third party shall have appropriate legal, technical and organizational measures to protect and safeguard the personal data in accordance with applicable data protection legislation, relevant supervisory authorities’ applicable regulations and guidelines regarding security of personal data and what is otherwise appropriate. We promise to never sell your personal data to a third party unless we have your explicit permission to do so.
Security measures
Personal data is saved in accordance with applicable data protection legislation and protection. Appropriate security measures are in place to secure your data from unauthorized access and loss.
Cookies
Our website uses so-called cookies. These are small text files that are stored on your end device with the help of the browser. They do not cause any damage. They help us to recognize you as a user, for example, so that you do not have to log in again each time.
We use cookies for technical reasons in order to be able to offer our information service and our telecommunication service in a functional way. Some cookies remain stored on your terminal device until you delete them. They enable us to recognize your browser on your next visit.
In the case of cookies that are not functionally necessary, we request your consent in the cookie window (Art 6 para 1 lit a DSGVO). Only if this is actively given will your personal data then be processed for marketing purposes.
In the case of cookies that are marked as functionally required in the cookie window, we base our legal basis on our legitimate interest (Art 6 para 1 lit f DSGVO) in making the website user-friendly.
When cookies are deactivated, the functionality of our website may be limited.
Web analysis
Our website uses functions of the web analysis service Cookies are used for this purpose, which enables an analysis of the use of the website by its users. The information thus generated is transferred to the provider’s server and stored there.
Your data will only be processed if you have given us your consent to do so.
We have concluded a corresponding contract for commissioned data processing with the provider of the web analysis service.
Analytics services used by this website: Google Analytics
Contact details
You can reach us at the following contact details:
Toolani GmbH
Döblinger Hauptstraße 37/4, 1190 Vienna, Austria
support@toolani.com