Navbar
About
Donate
News
JNCCN
Store
When autocomplete results are available use up and down arrows to review and enter to select.
Login
My Pages
Subscriptions
Order History
Account Settings
Edit Account
Log Out
Navbar
Guidelines
Compendia & Templates
Education & Research
Patient Resources
Business & Policy
Global
Guidelines
Firewall Policy
Treatment by Cancer Type
Detection, Prevention, and Risk Reduction
Supportive Care
Specific Populations
Guidelines for Patients
Guidelines With Evidence Blocks
NCCN Framework For Resource Stratification
Harmonized Guidelines
International Adaptations and Translations
NCCN Mobile Apps
Guidelines Process
Guidelines Panels and Disclosure
Permission to Cite or Use NCCN Content
Recently Updated Guidelines
Submission Request to the Guidelines Panels
Order Free Print Copies
Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia
Acute Myeloid Leukemia
Ampullary Adenocarcinoma
Anal Carcinoma
Basal Cell Skin Cancer
B-Cell Lymphomas
Biliary Tract Cancers
Bladder Cancer
Bone Cancer
Breast Cancer
Castleman Disease
Central Nervous System Cancers
Cervical Cancer
Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia/Small Lymphocytic Lymphoma
Chronic Myeloid Leukemia
Colon Cancer
Dermatofibrosarcoma Protuberans
Esophageal and Esophagogastric Junction Cancers
Gastric Cancer
Gastrointestinal Stromal Tumors
Gestational Trophoblastic Neoplasia
Hairy Cell Leukemia
Head and Neck Cancers
Hepatobiliary Cancers
Hepatocellular Carcinoma
Histiocytic Neoplasms
Hodgkin Lymphoma
Kaposi Sarcoma
Kidney Cancer
Melanoma: Cutaneous
Melanoma: Uveal
Merkel Cell Carcinoma
Mesothelioma: Peritoneal
Mesothelioma: Pleural
Multiple Myeloma
Myelodysplastic Syndromes
Myeloid/Lymphoid Neoplasms with Eosinophilia and Tyrosine Kinase Gene Fusions
Myeloproliferative Neoplasms
Neuroblastoma
Neuroendocrine and Adrenal Tumors
Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer
Occult Primary
Ovarian Cancer/Fallopian Tube Cancer/Primary Peritoneal Cancer
Pancreatic Adenocarcinoma
Pediatric Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia
Pediatric Aggressive Mature B-Cell Lymphomas
Pediatric Central Nervous System Cancers
Pediatric Hodgkin Lymphoma
Penile Cancer
Primary Cutaneous Lymphomas
Prostate Cancer
Rectal Cancer
Small Bowel Adenocarcinoma
Small Cell Lung Cancer
Soft Tissue Sarcoma
Squamous Cell Skin Cancer
Systemic Light Chain Amyloidosis
Systemic Mastocytosis
T-Cell Lymphomas
Testicular Cancer
Thymomas and Thymic Carcinomas
Thyroid Carcinoma
Uterine Neoplasms
Vaginal Cancer
Vulvar Cancer
Waldenström Macroglobulinemia/Lymphoplasmacytic Lymphoma
Wilms Tumor (Nephroblastoma)
Breast Cancer Risk Reduction
Breast Cancer Screening and Diagnosis
Colorectal Cancer Screening
Genetic/Familial High-Risk Assessment: Breast, Ovarian, Pancreatic, and Prostate
Genetic/Familial High-Risk Assessment: Colorectal, Endometrial, and Gastric
Lung Cancer Screening
Prostate Cancer Early Detection
Adult Cancer Pain
Antiemesis
Cancer-Associated Venous Thromboembolic Disease
Cancer-Related Fatigue
Distress Management
Hematopoietic Cell Transplantation
Hematopoietic Growth Factors
Management of Immunotherapy-Related Toxicities
Palliative Care
Prevention and Treatment of Cancer-Related Infections
Smoking Cessation
Survivorship
Adolescent and Young Adult (AYA) Oncology
Cancer in People with HIV
Older Adult Oncology
Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia (adult)
Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia in Children
Acute Myeloid Leukemia
Adolescent and Young Adult Cancer
Adrenal Tumors
Anal Cancer
Anemia and Neutropenia - Low Red and White Blood Cell Counts
Basal Cell Skin Cancer
Bladder Cancer
Blood Clots and Cancer
Bone Cancer
Brain Cancer - Glioma
Breast Cancer - Ductal Carcinoma In Situ
Breast Cancer - Inflammatory Breast Cancer
Breast Cancer - Invasive Breast Cancer
Breast Cancer - Metastatic Breast Cancer
Breast Cancer Screening and Diagnosis
Cervical Cancer
Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia
Chronic Myeloid Leukemia
Colon Cancer
Colorectal Cancer Screening
Cutaneous B-Cell Lymphomas
Cutaneous T-Cell Lymphomas
Diffuse Large B-Cell Lymphomas
Distress During Cancer Care
Esophageal Cancer
Fatigue and Cancer
Follicular Lymphoma
Gallbladder and Bile Duct Cancers
Gastrointestinal Stromal Tumors (GIST)
Genetic Testing for Hereditary Breast, Ovarian, Pancreatic, and Prostate Cancers
Graft-Versus-Host Disease
Hodgkin Lymphoma - Hodgkin Lymphoma in Adults
Hodgkin Lymphoma in Children
Immunotherapy Side Effects: CAR T-Cell Therapy
Immunotherapy Side Effects: Immune Checkpoint Inhibitors
Kidney Cancer
Liver Cancer
Lung Cancer Screening
Mantle Cell Lymphoma
Marginal Zone Lymphomas
Melanoma: Cutaneous - Melanoma
Mesothelioma: Pleural - Malignant Pleural Mesothelioma
Mouth Cancer
Multiple Myeloma
Myelodysplastic Syndromes
Myeloproliferative Neoplasms
Nasopharyngeal Cancer
Nausea and Vomiting
Neuroendocrine Tumors
Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer - Early and Locally Advanced
Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer - Metastatic
Ovarian Cancer
Palliative Care
Pancreatic Cancer
Peripheral T-Cell Lymphoma
Primary Central Nervous System Lymphoma
Prostate Cancer: Advanced Stage
Prostate Cancer: Early Stage
Quitting Smoking
Rectal Cancer
Small Bowel Adenocarcinoma
Small Cell Lung Cancer
Soft Tissue Sarcoma
Squamous Cell Skin Cancer
Stomach Cancer
Survivorship Care for Cancer-Related Late and Long-Term Effects
Survivorship Care for Healthy Living
Systemic Mastocytosis
Throat Cancer
Thyroid Cancer
Uterine Cancer
Waldenström Macroglobulinemia
About Clinical Practice Guidelines
Development and Update of Guidelines
Transparency Process
Guidelines Panels Meeting Schedule
Firewall Policy
Disclosure Policies and Potential Conflicts of Interest
Guidelines Panels
Guideline Steering Committee
Submission Request History
My Submission Request
Submission Request Form
Compendia & Templates
Compendia
Chemotherapy Order Templates
NCCN Compendia
Drugs and Biologics Compendium
Biomarkers Compendium
Imaging AUC Compendium
Radiation Therapy Compendium
Subscribe to NCCN Compendium
Browse by Cancer Type
View Chemotherapy Order Templates User Guide
EHR Integration
Chemotherapy Order Templates Committee
Subscribe to NCCN Templates
Chemotherapy Order Templates Reviewer Acknowledgement
Education & Research
Events and Programs
Oncology Research Program
JNCCN
Publications
Continuing Education
Calendar of Events
Annual Conference
2025 Annual Conference Exhibit Guide
Exhibit Hall Floor Plan
Nursing Events
Share that You are Attending an NCCN Event
Annual Congress: Hematologic Malignancies
Oncology Research Program (ORP)
Current Opportunities
ORP Recent News
ORP Grant History
Scientific Publications
Clinical Trials
Young Investigator Awards
Informed Consent Language Database
Best Practices for Biorepositories
Shared Resources
Disclosure Policy
About JNCCN
Subscribe to JNCCN
JNCCN Email Updates
Business & Policy
Business
Policy and Advocacy Program
Corporate Council
Academy
Trends U.S. Surveys
Trends Global Surveys
Flash Updates
Order Free Pocket Guidelines and Patient Guidelines
Support Opportunities
Advertising Opportunities
Research Tools: REMS
Employer Resources
Virtual Reimbursement Resource Room and App
Health Information Technology Licenses
Embargo Policy
Firewall Policy
Policy and Advocacy Program
Policy Priorities
NCCN Findings on Cancer Drug Shortages
Advancing Cancer Equity
The Alliance for Cancer Care Equity (ACCE)
NCCN Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (DEI) Directors Forum
Oncology Policy Summits
State Oncology Society Forum
Global
Global Program
Global Clinical Resources
Global Support Opportunities
Global Policy
Contact NCCN Global
Africa
Asia
Europe
Latin America
Middle East & North Africa
Worldwide
Clinical Guidelines Translations
Guidelines for Patients Translations
Distress Thermometer Tool Translations
International Adaptations
Framework for Resource Stratification
Harmonized Guidelines
Global Corporate Council
Global Academy
Trends Global Surveys
eBulletin Global Edition
Home
Privacy Policy
NCCN Privacy Statement
The National Comprehensive Cancer Network
®
, Inc., (NCCN
®
) is issuing this privacy statement to keep our valued users informed of activities in place to ensure their privacy. This privacy statement covers the site NCCN.org.
    If users have questions or concerns regarding this statement, they should contact Joseph Junod, Director, Information Technology, by
email
or telephone (215.690.0242).
Information Collection and Use
Information Collection
NCCN is the sole owner of the information collected on
NCCN.org
. NCCN and NCCN Foundation
®
collect information from our users at several different points on this website.
Registration
NCCN occasionally requests information from users of its NCCN
    Clinical Practice Guidelines in Oncology (NCCN Guidelines
®
), NCCN Drugs & Biologics Compendium (NCCN Compendium
®
), NCCN Chemotherapy Order Templates (NCCN Templates
®
), NCCN Biomarkers Compendium
®
, NCCN Guidelines for Patients
®
,
 NCCN Trends™ Surveys & Data, and NCCN Continuing Education. NCCN uses this information to contact the user about safety updates and/or services on our site for which they have expressed interest and to advise users about future updates to
    this site. Based on the user type, visitors will be asked to provide specific, sometimes required, information (such as areas of interest, clinical specialty, or year of graduation), in order for NCCN to provide a more personalized experience on its
    site.
NCCN Programs, Services, and Resources Registration
NCCN requests information from the user on our registration forms. Here a user must provide contact information (such as name and mailing address) as well as financial
    information (such as credit card number, expiration date if paying by credit card). This information is used for billing purposes for registration fees and/or hotel deposits and/or services or products. If NCCN cannot process an order, this contact
    information is used to contact the user.
Passwords
Registered users are responsible for taking all reasonable steps to ensure that no unauthorized person shall have access to your
NCCN.org
passwords or accounts. It is your sole
    responsibility to (1) control the dissemination and use of activation codes and passwords; (2) authorize, monitor, and control access to and use of your
NCCN.org
account and password; (3) promptly inform us of any need to deactivate a password. Users
    grant to NCCN and to all other persons or entities involved in the operation of
NCCN.org
the right to transmit, monitor, retrieve, store, and use your information in connection with the operation of
NCCN.org
. NCCN cannot and does not assume any responsibility
    or liability for any information you submit.
NCCN Continuing Education Registration
NCCN requires visitors to register to use NCCN Continuing Education content. Required information includes first and last name, degree, title,
    organization, mailing address, username, password, and email address. NCCN uses this information to process CME/CE credit, to contact the user about services on this site for which he or she has expressed interest, and to advise users about future
    updates to this site.
Orders for NCCN Resources
NCCN requires information from users who order NCCN informational resources through our on-line ordering system, Alcom/Nice Lines Direct Mail. Required information includes first and
    last name, shipping address, and e-mail address. This information is used to fill requesters' orders. If NCCN or Alcom/Nice Lines Direct Mail cannot process an order, the information is used to contact the user.
NCCN Online Surveys
From
 time-to-time, NCCN may provide users the opportunity to participate in surveys on its website. NCCN does not require information from users to complete these periodic online surveys about NCCN programs, services, and resources. For these surveys,
    it is optional for the user to provide demographic information (such as specialty or year of graduation), but encouraged so NCCN can enhance its programs, services, and resources. Users have the option to opt-out of surveys in their user profile.
NCCN often uses third-party service providers to conduct these surveys; that company will be prohibited from using our users' personally identifiable information for any other purpose. We will not share personally identifiable information
    provided by users through a survey with other third parties unless we give the user prior notice and choice.
Cookies
"Cookies" are small pieces of information stored by a browser on a computer's hard drive. Cookies are only read
    by the server that placed them, and are unable to do such things as run programs on your computer, plant viruses, or harvest your personal information. The use of cookies is very common on the Internet.
NO personal information is gathered
    or stored in the cookies placed by the NCCN website. NO personal information is gathered through the use of these cookies. NCCN uses cookies mainly to understand website usage and traffic statistics. We may use other automatic data collection technologies, including web beacons, pixels, and data tags, for targeted online advertising. NCCN uses Google Analytics to analyze traffic to
    this website so we can understand our visitors' needs and continually improve this site for them.
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies. By changing the options on a web browser or using certain software programs, users can control
    how and whether cookies will be accepted by a browser. Please note that it is possible to block cookie activity from certain websites while permitting cookies from trusted sites.
Information Use
Profile
NCCN stores information
    that it collects through registration to create a profile of our users. A profile is stored information that NCCN maintains on individual users which details their viewing preferences and demographics. Consequently, collected information is tied to
    visitors' personally identifiable information to provide offers and improve the content of the site for users. These profiles may be used to tailor users' visits to our website and to direct pertinent marketing promotions to them. NCCN does not share
    your profile with third parties.
Log Files
Like most website servers, NCCN's uses log files. These include Internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type,
    date/time stamp, and user activity within this website to analyze trends, administer the site, track users' movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.
Communications from the Site
Special
 Offers and Updates
Registered NCCN users will occasionally receive information on new or updated NCCN programs, services, resources, and opportunities to support NCCN Foundation. Opting in means users have asked to be contacted about NCCN programs, services, resources, and opportunities to support NCCN Foundation. Users
    may opt-out via email or by updating their profile. Users may unsubscribe at any time by
contacting us
.
Sharing
Legal Disclaimer
Though NCCN makes every effort to preserve user privacy, NCCN may need to disclose personal
    information when required by law wherein NCCN has a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order, or legal process served on our website.
Aggregate Information (non-personally
        identifiable)
NCCN shares aggregated demographic information with our partners and advertisers. For example, NCCN may describe the number of users by geography or medical specialty. This is not linked to any personally identifiable information.
Third-Party Intermediaries
NCCN uses an outside fulfillment company to process and ship orders for NCCN products; an email broadcast company to send email announcements about NCCN events and resources; web hosting companies to
    provide online access to NCCN presentations; online survey vendors to periodically survey groups of NCCN users, credit card processing companies to bill users for registration and donations. These companies do not retain share, store, or use personally identifiable
    information for any secondary purposes.
Registration for NCCN's educational events consists of a link to a site hosted by CVENT; to view this privacy policy statement, go to
https://www.cvent.com/en/privacy-policy.shtml
.
Registration for NCCN interactive
        learning consists of links to sites hosted by Clinical Care Options and ReachMD; to view these privacy statements, go to
https://clinicaleducationalliance.com/privacypolicy
or
https://reachmd.com/pages/privacy/
.
Registration to order NCCN resources
        online consists of a link to a site hosted by Alcom (formerly Nice Lines Direct Mail); to view this privacy statement, go to
https://www.alcomprinting.com/about-us/privacy-notice/
.
Registration to access NCCN surveys is hosted on a site by Qualtrics ; to view this privacy statement go to
https://www.qualtrics.com/privacy-statement/
.
Registration to access additional NCCN surveys is hosted on a site by Survey Monkey; to view this privacy statement, go to
https://www.surveymonkey.com/mp/legal/privacy/
.
Those who register for NCCN live events and webinars will receive confirmation and information from BroadcastMed and WebEx, to view their privacy statements go to
https://www.broadcastmed.com/privacy-policy
and
https://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/about/legal/privacy-full.html
.
NCCN Foundation donor transactions and list management are supported by Salesforce and GivingFuel, to view their privacy statements go to
https://www.salesforce.com/company/privacy/
and
https://www.givingfuel.com/privacy-policy
.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that the National Comprehensive Cancer Network, Inc. is not responsible for the privacy practices of
        such other sites. NCCN encourages users to be aware when they leave the NCCN site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information
        collected by this website.
Security
This website takes every precaution to protect our users' information. When users submit sensitive information via the website, their information is protected both online and off-line.
When NCCN's registration forms ask users to enter sensitive information (such as credit card number), that information is encrypted and is protected with the industry-standard encryption software - Secure Sockets Layer (SSL). While on a secure page,
such as a registration form, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked, as opposed to un-locked, or open, when users are just "surfing."
NCCN will reveal only the last four digits of
your credit card number on confirmation web pages and/or e-mails but will transmit your entire credit card number to third party companies used to process your orders and to your credit card company.
While NCCN uses SSL encryption to protect
sensitive information on-line, NCCN also does everything in its power to protect user-information off-line. All of our users' information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted. Only employees who need the information to
perform a specific job (for example, a billing clerk or a customer service representative) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The servers that store personally identifiable information are in a secure, locked environment.
If users have any questions about the security of
NCCN.org
, please
contact us.
Supplementation of Information
For this website to properly fulfill its obligation to users, it is necessary for NCCN to supplement the information
we receive with information from third-party sources.
Credit Card Verification and Processing
NCCN uses Authorize.net for credit card processing services to verify a user's address and credit card information for processing.
Correcting/Updating/Deleting/Deactivating Personal Information
If a user's personally identifiable information changes (such as zip code, phone, e-mail or postal address), or if a user no longer desires to receive information, NCCN
provides a way to correct, update or delete/deactivate users' personally identifiable information. This can be done by
contacting our User Support
.
Notification of Changes
If NCCN decides to change its privacy policy, NCCN will
post those changes to this privacy statement, the homepage, and other places deemed appropriate so our users are always aware of what information NCCN collects, how it is used, and under what circumstances, if any, NCCN discloses it. NCCN will use
information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
If, however, NCCN is going to use users' personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection,
NCCN will notify users via e-mail. Users will have a choice as to whether or not NCCN uses their information in this different manner. However, if users have opted out of all communication with the site, or deleted/deactivated their account, they
will not be contacted, nor will their personal information be used in this new manner. In addition, if NCCN makes any material changes in its privacy practices that do not affect user information already stored in our database, NCCN will post a prominent
notice on its website notifying users of the change. In some cases where NCCN posts a notice, we will also e-mail users, who have opted to receive communications from us, notifying them of the changes in our privacy practices.
Contact Information
If users have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please
contact us
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.cvent.com/en/privacy-policy.shtml:
Skip to main content
English
Deutsch
Español
Cookie Usage
We use functional cookies on this website to enhance your browsing experience and by continuing to use the site you consent to these cookies. To find out more about how we use cookies or for more options
click here
. We use additional cookies to provide you with a more personalized experience and relevant advertising. By closing this box or by clicking Accept, you are indicating your consent to our use of these additional cookies.
Cookies Settings
Reject All
Accept All Cookies
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
View Vendor Details‎
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
View Vendor Details‎
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
View Vendor Details‎
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
View Vendor Details‎
Back Button
Vendors List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-policy 1
https://clinicaleducationalliance.com/privacypolicy:
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
2024-02-26T21:17:23+00:00
Clinical Education Alliance
This privacy policy was last updated on July 26, 2024.
Clinical Education Alliance, LLC (CEA), and its affiliates Clinical Care Options, LLC; Clinical Care Solutions, LLC;  ECIR, LLC; iLuma, LLC; liV, LLC; Luminology, LLC; MDOutlook, LLC; Partners for Advancing Clinical Education, LLC; Practicing Clinician Exchange, LLC, and ProCE, LLC; (collectively “CCO”, “CCS”, “ECIR”, “iLuma”, “liV”, “Luminology”, “MDO”, “PACE”, “PCE”, and “ProCE”), is committed to protecting the privacy of information provided by and about the users of our Web sites (
clinicaleducationalliance.com
,
clinicaloptions.com
,
clinical-care.org
,
ecirmedcom.com
,
ilumamed.com
,
livagency.ca
,
luminologysci.com
,
mdoutlook.com
,
partnersed.com
,
practicingclinicians.com
, and
proce.com
) and mobile applications (collectively, the “Site”). This privacy policy (“Policy”) describes, among other things, what information we may collect about you, what uses we may make of it and why, with whom we share it, your rights in relation to your information, how you can contact us, and what precautions we take against unauthorized access or use of your information.
1. About This Policy
This Policy applies only to information that identifies you or is capable of doing so when taken with other data available to us (“Personal Information”) and that you either submit to CEA in connection with your use of the CEA Web sites or upon registration related to the CEA software applications (collectively, the “Clinical Education Alliance Sites”) or that we collect from other sources (see below for more details).
In using the Clinical Education Alliance Sites and/or receiving our services, you acknowledge that you have read and you understand this Policy. Please read this Policy carefully before using the Site or submitting Personal Information to us. This Policy is incorporated into and subject to the Terms of Use.
This Policy does not apply to any Personal Information that you submit directly to third-party web sites or entities other than CEA even when such sites or entities are accessible from a Clinical Education Alliance Site. You are advised to read the privacy policy of any other web site that you visit via a Clinical Education Alliance Site by clicking on any advertisement or any other link on a Clinical Education Alliance Site. We are not responsible for how other web sites or the entities that operate them treat your privacy or information. We encourage you to read the privacy statements and terms of use of linked or referenced web sites.
Except as otherwise noted in this Policy, CEA, with offices at 12001 Sunrise Valley Drive, Suite 300, Reston, VA 20191, U.S., is the data controller (as that term is used under the EU General Data Protection Regulation), which means that we decide how and for what purposes your Personal Information is processed.
2. Policy Changes
We reserve the right to make changes in this Policy at any time. We will post changes to this Policy on the Clinical Education Alliance Sites. Changes will be effective immediately upon posting to the Site and will apply to your use of the Site after the “effective date” listed above. You understand and agree that your continued use of the Site after the effective date means that the collection, use, and sharing of your Personal Information is subject to the updated Policy. Except to the extent we receive your authorization or as permitted or required by applicable law, we will handle your Personal Information in accordance with the terms of the Policy in effect at the time of the collection.
3. Types of Information Collected
This section of our Policy addresses the types of Personal Information we may collect about you and the ways in and the purposes for which we collect them. Additional information on what categories of Personal Information we process can be found in Section 19 A of this Policy.
Types of Information Collected When Visiting and Using the Sites
While all of this information can be associated with the IP address your computer had while you visited the Site, it will not be associated with you as an individual or associated with any other information you may submit through the Site, or that we may store about you for any other purposes. We may use this information to generate aggregate statistics about visitors to our Site. Please check your web browser if you want to learn what information your browser sends or how to change your settings.
Visitors can access the home pages of the Clinical Education Alliance Sites and browse some areas of these Web sites without disclosing any Personal Information. We track information provided to us by your browser, including the Web site from which you came (known as the “referring URL”), the type of browser you use, the time and date of access, and other information. We collect and store the IP address of unregistered visitors using a GeoIP service.
Unregistered visitors receive access to certain educational content by providing their medical degree and specialty.
If you submit a Contact Us form, we may collect you name and other Personal Information you choose to provide.
Additional Information Collected When Users Register
Users registering with a Clinical Education Alliance Site are asked to provide identifying information, including account information consisting of name; professional qualifications; contact information; areas of technical or medical interest and/or expertise; preference for types of information and marketing, continuing education, and other events; and other information that are Personal Information. Our registration screen clearly labels which information is required for registration and which information is optional and may be given at the user’s discretion.
In some cases, we may ask visitors to our Clinical Education Alliance Sites for information after they register, such as credit card information. Where necessary (e.g., to process a registration request), we or our authorized data processors may contact financial or credit organizations to confirm credit card data. All credit card data are secured using a secure payment gateway provided by a third party to prevent unauthorized access to that information.
In addition, we automatically gather certain information about you as you interact with the Clinical Education Alliance Sites, such as your IP address and referring URL.
If you do not provide certain information, you may be unable to register.
Information from Outside Sources
We may also collect information about physicians or other healthcare professionals who register for the Clinical Education Alliance Sites through other sources in order to verify their licensure status and identity.
4. Cookies and Similar Technologies
We use web technologies, such as cookies, which may automatically collect certain information from you (“cookies”). We use these cookies for various purposes including activity that is strictly necessary for the Site to function as well as for analytics and advertising. We may use this information for purposes included but not limited to helping us recognize you when you return to the Site, improving the quality of our service when you visit our Site, diagnosing problems with the Site, and administering the website. We may also use cookies to track your usage across all of our Web sites. This allows us to evaluate utilization of the various programs on our Sites and report aggregated and anonymized data to grant funders so that we can evaluate the use and effectiveness of CEA programs.
If you are a registered user, we may associate your registration information with the cookies that our Web site places on your computer’s hard drive. Associating a cookie with your registration data allows us to offer increased personalization and functionality. For example, our Web site uses cookies to “remember” your username to ease the sign-in process on each visit to the site. Without cookies, this functionality is not possible.
Certifying institutions and third-party advertisers may also use cookies on our site. Because of the way advertisements are served, we do not have control over how advertisers use cookies. If you become aware that a Clinical Education Alliance Site advertiser is placing an unwanted cookie on your hard drive, please email
customersupport@clinicaloptions.com
to enable us to assist you in resolving the problem.
Embedded Content
. The Site contains embedded content (e.g., videos, podcast). Embedded content may place third party cookies on your device that track your online activity to enhance your experience or assess the success of their application. We have no direct control over the information these cookies collect, and you should refer to their website privacy policy for additional information.
Social Media Plugins
. With your consent, we collect Personal Information through social media plugins on our Site (e.g., Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn) to enable you to easily share information with others. When you visit our Site, the operator of the social plugin may place a cookie on your computer, enabling that operator to recognize individuals who have previously visited our Site. If you are logged into the social media website while browsing our Site, the social plugins allow that social media website to share data about your activities on our Site with other users of their social media website. We may act as joint controllers with these social media providers, for the processing of Personal Information in context of insight information. For this purpose, a joint controllership arrangement has been concluded which may be viewed at the following link:
https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/page_controller_addendum
. As we have no control over the information once collected and transmitted to social media networks through their plugins, we encourage you to read their applicable privacy and data/information sharing statements/policies.
Cookie Settings
. You may set your cookie preferences, including preventing or stopping the installation and storage of cookies, through your browser settings and via our cookie banner. Most browsers will allow you to block or refuse cookies. However, you may need to manually adjust your preferences each time you visit a site. For more information, see the Help section of your browser. Please note that if you block certain cookies, some of the services and functionalities of our Site may not work.
Click here
https://clinicaleducationalliance.com/privacypolicy#
to receive a full overview of our cookies and to set your preferences.
5. Do Not Track
“Do Not Track” is a privacy preference that you can set in your Internet search browser that sends a signal to a website that you do not want the website operator to track certain browsing information about you. However, because our Site is not configured to detect Do Not Track signals from a user’s computer, we are unable to respond to Do Not Track requests. We do not track Site users over time and across third party websites.
6. Use of Information
In general, we will use the Personal Information we collect only for the purpose it was collected, for compatible purposes, as permitted or required by law, as necessary to carry out our contractual duties and obligations, and as otherwise provided in this Policy. For example, we may use your Personal Information in the following ways:
To respond to your requests for information relating to our products and services.
To process and manage your registration and account.
To maintain and update our records.
To track your usage of our products and services.
For helping you receive accreditation.
For applying for and receiving grants.
To communicate with you. We will send you messages about the availability of our Site, security, or other service-related issues. You may change your communication preferences at any time. Please be aware that you cannot opt-out of receiving service messages from us, including security and legal notices.
For our research and development efforts. We use data, including public feedback, to conduct research and for the development of the Site and the services and products we provide to you.
For other everyday business purposes. By way of example, payment processing and financial account management, product development, contract management, IT and website administration, security, fulfillment, analytics, fraud prevention, corporate governance, reporting and legal compliance.
To provide you with the products and/or services you have purchased or requested.
To ensure your information is accurate and to personalize our products and services.
For monitoring and assessing compliance with our policies and standards.
To contact you about the services and products we offer (where we have received your consent to do so or we believe that you may be interested in the material as it relates to similar products or services you have previously acquired, or indicated your interest in acquiring, from us and have not opted out).
As otherwise permitted or required by any applicable law or regulation.
We will only disclose or share your Personal Information as detailed below. We may send you promotional or informational messages by email, fax, or text messaging, for products or services similar to those you have previously acquired, or with your consent.
We may also use aggregate data about users for program and/or product use analysis, program development, and site improvement. We may also use it for market analysis and provide information from our Web sites in aggregate form, with identifying information removed to third parties. For example, we may tell a grant funder what percentage of our registered users resides in a particular geographical area or their practice specialty. Depending on our agreements with third parties, we may or may not charge for this information.
7. Mobile Apps
We provide mobile apps that can be downloaded to your smartphone or mobile device. In addition to providing the ability to use, purchase, or request our products and services, our apps may collect personal and other information that will be used or disclosed in accordance with this Policy. We provide a link to this Policy to persons prior to their downloading of any of our apps.
If you allow our mobile apps to access your location information on your device, our mobile apps may use your mobile device’s Global Positioning System (GPS) technology and other technology (such as wireless transmitters known as beacons) to provide you with information and offers based on the location of your device. Beacons allow us to collect information about your location within participating properties by communicating with mobile devices that are in range. We may use this location information to enhance your experience by delivering push notifications and other content to your mobile device, providing navigation assistance as you move around our locations, and sending you information and offers about products, services, or activities we believe may be of interest to you.
We may share this information with third parties, including business partners and service providers, to provide information, offers, and services that may be of interest to you. You may prevent or limit collection of location information by changing the settings in the app, or by changing your device’s settings.
8. Disclosure of Information
We do not and will not sell, rent out, or trade your Personal Information. We will only disclose your Personal Information in the ways set out in this notice and, in particular, to the following recipients:
To any group company of CEA.
To companies who work with us including third parties who process your Personal Information on our behalf and upon our instructions (such as our systems providers including cloud providers); see below for further information.
To third parties who process your Personal Information on their own behalf but through providing us or your employer with a service on our behalf (such as our suppliers).
To any third party to whom we assign or novate any of our rights or obligations.
To accrediting bodies and grant funders.
To third parties that provide a variety of medical education and communications services.
To any prospective buyer in the event we sell any part of our business or assets.
To any government, regulatory agency, enforcement, or exchange body or court where we are required to do so by applicable law or regulation or at their request.
To any third party necessary to assist us with investigating and defending ourselves against any third-party allegations or claims; protecting the rights and safety of others; or investigating, preventing, or taking action regarding suspected or actual illegal activities.
CEA may also disclose Personal Information about users to accrediting bodies as is required by them in order to grant users continuing education credit or other forms of credit for programs successfully completed. We may also disclose Personal Information in aggregated form to grant funders to analyze the demographics and practice patterns of healthcare professionals visiting the funded programs.
We contract with other companies and individuals to help us provide our services to you. Such persons act as our data processors and act only on our instructions. For example, we may host some of our Sites on another company’s computers, hire technical consultants, or work with companies to remove repetitive information from customer lists, analyze data, provide marketing assistance, and provide customer service. In addition, as a healthcare professional, we may validate your licensure status and other information against available databases that list licensed healthcare professionals. In order to perform their jobs, these other companies may need to have access to your Personal Information. We require our employees and all such companies and contractors to comply with the terms of our privacy policies, to limit their access to any information to the minimum necessary to perform their obligations, and not to use such information for any purpose other than fulfilling their responsibilities to us or servicing orders or requests you have made.
We partner with various companies that provide a variety of medical education and communications services. We share Personal Information about our users with these partner companies to contact you concerning medical education services that may be of interest with your consent. Any communications you receive from our partner companies will provide a method for declining further communications.
We reserve the right to transfer all databases and information, including your Personal Information, to any successor entity or company that acquires all or the relevant part of CEA operations or business.
9. Marketing and Advertising
We may contact you about the services and products we offer where we have received your consent to do so or we believe that you may be interested in the material as it relates to similar products or services you have previously acquired from us, provided that you have not opted out. In no case in such circumstances will the advertiser or grant funder have access to any Personal Information about a specific user.
We may also personalize Clinical Education Alliance Sites based on your interests. For example, you may be provided with content based on information you have shared with us, your previous Web site browsing behavior, or information we may have gained from your interactions with a third party that shares information with us. In addition, we may use information for our own internal marketing, research, and related purposes.
We may send offers to selected groups of users on behalf of other groups. When we do this, we do not disclose your Personal Information to such groups or to other users in the same group. We provide a variety of mechanisms for you to tell us you do not want to receive such communications.
10. Public Forums and Other Online Resources
CEA may make message boards, forums, and/or interest groups available to our users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information, including any of your Personal Information you choose to share as well as comments that you may leave or alias/nickname identifiers you may use when interacting with any of our online resources. We urge you to exercise caution when deciding to disclose your Personal Information in that context.
11. Sponsored content
CEA provide sponsored content, such as webinars, expert reports, whitepapers, surveys, email distributions or events. Before being able to access any content, we ask to register and/or establish a free online account. We collect basic work contact details and other information about your company and job role.
When accessing specific content that has been sponsored by another organization, we will share basic work contact details and some of the other information you provided when you created your account or collected subsequently when accessing the specific content. We will always provide a link to the sponsor’s full privacy notice so you are fully aware of how they will process your Personal Information.
Sharing your details with the content sponsor is always your choice and you will always be provided with a clear opportunity to indicate if you would prefer us not to share this information.
12. Legal Requirements
We may process your Personal Information including by disclosing it to regulators and other authorities including the police when we believe such processing is necessary in order to comply with our legal obligations including those that are regulatory.
13. Children
The Site is not directed to children as the products and services on this Site are intended for persons 18 years of age and older. CEA does not knowingly collect, use or disclose any personal information from children.
14. Protection of Information
In this section of our Policy, we discuss the security measures we take to protect your Personal Information.
We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational security measures to protect the Personal Information that we have under our control from unauthorized access, use, disclosure and accidental loss.
When you enter Personal Information, we encrypt the transmission of that information or use TLS connections (Transport Layer Security) technology. CEA uses security methods to determine the identity of its registered users, so that appropriate rights and restrictions can be enforced for that user. You are solely responsible for maintaining the security and confidentiality of your account username and password.
We also protect your information by requiring that all our employees and others who have access to or are associated with the processing of your Personal Information respect your privacy.
Although we take appropriate precautions to protect the security of our users’ Personal Information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, alteration, or destruction, no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is completely secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee the total security of such data or that we will be immune from hacking incidents or security breaches.
Your Personal Information is stored on our database servers at CEA’s data centers or those hosted on our behalf by third parties who have entered into agreements with us that require them to observe obligations that support our Policy.
15. Choice and Control
Registered users. You can access your account information and make corrections or updates at any time via the My Profile pages. You can manage your communications preferences and interests with your account information by updating your account email and content preferences. You can also use the “opt-out” or unsubscribe mechanism or other means provided within the communications that you receive from us or you can unsubscribe by contacting us and telling us that you wish to do so at
customersupport@clinicaloptions.com
. We reserve the right to notify you of changes or updates to the services provided to you through the Clinical Education Alliance Sites whenever necessary.
You may also contact Customer Support and request that your registration information be updated or deleted. Note that if we delete your account, we may maintain certain de-identified information about you for internal business purposes including research, analytics and reporting.
If you request us to deactivate your account or to delete, correct, or modify your Personal Information, we will endeavor to fulfill your request, but some Personal Information may persist in backup copies for a certain period of time and may be retained as necessary for our legitimate interests or to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and perform or enforce our agreements.
To deactivate your account or to request us to delete, correct, or modify any of your Personal Information, please email customersupport@clinicaloptions.com.
Precise Location Information. You may disable the transmission of precise location information through your device settings. To change location settings on your device, please refer to your device’s official knowledge base.
Email Communications. If you no longer wish to receive a particular type of email communication from us, you may unsubscribe by clicking the “unsubscribe” link located at the bottom of the email and following the instructions. Also, you may manage your newsletter subscriptions within the newsletter subscriptions area within your account settings. Note that certain email communications that we send to members are service-related and as long as you are a member of the Clinical Education Alliance, you may not unsubscribe from such emails. Also, if you have provided us more than one email address, we may continue to contact you using the other email address not associated with the emails from which you have unsubscribed, until you unsubscribe from emails sent to that other address.
Push Notifications. We may send you push notifications from time-to-time to notify you of new Interactive Decision Support Tools we think may be relevant to you. If you no longer wish to receive these types of notifications, you may turn them off at the device level.
16. Retention of Personal Information
We will only retain your Personal Information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purpose for which it was collected or to comply with legal, regulatory, or internal policy requirements.
17. Applicable law
This Policy is governed by the internal substantive laws of Virginia, without regard to its conflict of laws principles. Jurisdiction for any claims arising under or out of this Policy shall lie exclusively with the state and federal courts within Virginia. If any provision of this Policy is found to be invalid by a court having competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of this Policy, which shall remain in full force and effect.
18. Note to Users Outside of the United States
When your Personal Information is submitted through our Site, it may be stored on our servers in other jurisdictions, including the United States, which may not have similar data protection laws to the country in which you reside.
19. California Residents
“Shine the Light Law”. If you are a California resident, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits you to request information regarding the disclosure of your Personal Information by certain members of CEA to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. Requests may be made one time per calendar year. If applicable, this information would include the categories of customer information and the names and addresses of those businesses with which we shared customer information for the immediately prior calendar year (e.g., requests made in 2018 will receive information regarding 2017 sharing activities). You may submit your request using the contact information at the end of this Policy.
“Eraser Law”. If you are a California resident under the age of 18, and a registered user of any site where this policy is posted, California law permits you to request and obtain removal of content or information you have publicly posted. You may submit your request using the contact information at the end of this Policy. Please be aware that such a request does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information you have posted and that there may be circumstances in which the law does not require or allow removal even if requested.
California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA’”) Addendum. The following California Privacy Policy Addendum (“CA Addendum”) applies solely to individuals who are residents of the State of California (“Consumer” or “you”). This CA Addendum describes our policies and practices regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information we collect about you, including Personal Information we obtain when you access or use the Site, or through other channels including but not limited to phone and email conversations, social media interactions on our websites and other third-party websites such as social media sites, viewing our emails, or through our authorized services providers.
This CA Addendum supplements and amends the information contained in the Site Policy with respect to California residents. Any terms defined within the CCPA have the same meaning when utilized within this CA Addendum. The other provisions of the Site Policy continue to apply except as modified in this CA Addendum.
Please read this CA Addendum carefully before using the Site or submitting information to us. By accessing or visiting the Site, you indicate your understanding that the collection, use, and sharing of your information is subject to the terms of this CA Addendum and our Terms of Use. Except as otherwise noted, any capitalized terms not defined in the CA Addendum have the meaning set forth in the Policy and Terms of Use.
A. Personal Information We Collect
As described below, we may collect or have collected in the preceding 12 months the following categories of Personal Information (“PI” or “Personal Information”). We may add to the categories of PI we collect and the purpose we use PI. In that case, we will inform you by posting an updated version of this CA Addendum on the Site.
Identifiers. Examples include real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, social security number, driver’s license number, or other similar identifiers.
Other elements. Examples include name, signature, characteristics or description, address, telephone number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number.
Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law. Examples include race, religion, and age.
Commercial information. This includes services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Education information. This includes information that is not publicly available personally identifiable information as defined in the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. section 1232g, Sec. 1232g; 34 C.F.R. Part 99).
Internet or other electronic network activity. Examples include browsing history, search history, a consumer’s interaction with an internet website, application, or advertisement.
Geolocation data. This might include location information while using one of our apps.
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information. Examples of this category including identifiable information obtained about you while speaking with our customer service representatives on the telephone.
Professional or employment-related information.
Consumer profile. This includes inferences drawn from any of the information identified above to create a profile about a consumer reflecting the consumer’s preferences, characteristics, and behaviors.
PI does not include:
Publicly available information from government records.
Deidentified or aggregated consumer information.
Information excluded from the CCPA’s scope, such as certain health or medical information and other categories of information protected by different laws.
B. Purposes for Which We Collect Your Personal Information. See section 6 above.
C. Sources of Personal Information
You. We may collect personal information from you when you contact us; place an order, register, or through web technologies such as browser cookies, flash cookies, and web beacons set when you visit the Site.
News outlets
Social media and related services
Third Parties. We may collect information about you from third parties such as through your social media services consistent with your settings on such services, or from other third-party sources that are lawfully entitled to share your data with us.
D. Sharing or Disclosing Personal Information
Of the categories of PI noted above, during the past 12 months, we shared the following:
Categories of Personal Information Disclosed
Categories of Third Parties to Whom Disclosed
Identifiers
Other elements
Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law.
Commercial information
Education information.
Internet or other electronic network activity.
Geolocation data.
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
Biometric Information
Professional or employment-related information
Consumer profile.
Third parties as directed by you. We will share your PI with those third parties to whom you direct.
Our business partners. For example, we might share your PI with one of our busi­­­ness partners for purposes of collaborating on providing services to you, or to invite you to an event we are organizing. These business partners should also have their own privacy statements that set out the manner in which they will collect, use, and disclose PI. Where applicable, we encourage you to review each such business partner’s privacy statement before signing on with them.
Accrediting bodies.
Third parties who perform services on our behalf. For example, we share information with certain service providers, including marketing companies, professional service providers, debt collectors, information technology providers, and data storage companies. We might also authorize our service providers to collect PI on our behalf.
Governmental entities, legal service providers. We may share your PI in order to comply with the law and in the course of providing our products and services. We may also disclose information if a government agency or investigatory body submits a request.
Successors to all or portions of our business. If all or part of our business is sold, we may disclose PI in preparation for or as part of that transaction.
Third parties that provide a variety of medical education and communications services.
Categories of Personal Information Disclosed
Identifiers
Other elements
Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law.
Commercial information
Education information.
Internet or other electronic network activity.
Geolocation data.
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
Biometric Information
Professional or employment-related information
Consumer profile.
Categories of Third Parties to Whom Disclosed
Third parties as directed by you. We will share your PI with those third parties to whom you direct.
Our business partners. For example, we might share your PI with one of our busi­­­ness partners for purposes of collaborating on providing services to you, or to invite you to an event we are organizing. These business partners should also have their own privacy statements that set out the manner in which they will collect, use, and disclose PI. Where applicable, we encourage you to review each such business partner’s privacy statement before signing on with them.
Accrediting bodies.
Third parties who perform services on our behalf. For example, we share information with certain service providers, including marketing companies, professional service providers, debt collectors, information technology providers, and data storage companies. We might also authorize our service providers to collect PI on our behalf.
Governmental entities, legal service providers. We may share your PI in order to comply with the law and in the course of providing our products and services. We may also disclose information if a government agency or investigatory body submits a request.
Successors to all or portions of our business. If all or part of our business is sold, we may disclose PI in preparation for or as part of that transaction.
Third parties that provide a variety of medical education and communications services.
We do not sell your PI as that term is defined in the CCPA.
We do not have actual knowledge that we have sold PI of minors under age 16.
E. Consumer Rights
The CCPA provides California consumers with the following rights, subject to certain exceptions:
i. Right to Request Deletion
You have the right to request that we delete your PI from our records, subject to certain exceptions.
Upon receipt of a verifiable consumer request (see below), and as required by the CCPA, we will delete and direct any service providers to delete your PI from its records.
CEA is not required to comply with your request to delete your PI if it is necessary for CEA (or its service provider) to maintain your PI in order to:
Complete the transaction for which the PI was collected, provide a good or service requested by you, or reasonably anticipated within the context of CEA’s ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform a contract between CEA and you.
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity; or prosecute those responsible for that activity.
Debug to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise his or her right of free speech, or exercise another right provided for by law.
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act pursuant to Chapter 3.6 (commencing with Section 1546) of Title 12 of Part 2 of the Penal Code.
To enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with your expectations based on your relationship with CEA.
Comply with a legal obligation.
Otherwise use your PI, internally, in a lawful manner that is compatible with the context in which you provided the information.
ii. Right to Know
You have the right to request that we disclose the following to you as it relates to the 12-month period preceding CEA’s receipt of your verifiable consumer request (see below):
The categories of PI we have collected about you.
The categories of sources from which the PI was collected.
The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling PI.
The categories of PI we disclosed or sold for a business purpose.
The categories of third parties we disclosed or sold PI to, by the category of PI.
The specific pieces of PI we collected about you.
iii. Nondiscrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. For example, we generally will not provide you a different level or quality of goods or services if you exercise your rights under the CCPA.
F. Submitting Consumer Rights Requests
To submit a California Consumer Rights request as outlined in this CA Addendum, please contact us at
customersupport@clinicaloptions.com
or at
703-674-3501
G. Verifiable Requests
We reserve the right to only respond to verifiable consumer requests. A verifiable consumer request is one made by any individual who is:
the consumer who is the subject of the request,
a consumer on behalf of the consumer’s minor child, or
by a natural person or person registered with the Secretary of State authorized to act on behalf of a consumer.
If we request, you must provide us with sufficient information to verify your identity and/or authority to act on behalf of a consumer. In general, we may ask you to provide identifying information that we already maintain about you or we may use a third-party verification service. In either event, we will try to avoid asking you for sensitive PI to verify your identity. We may not be able to respond to your request or provide you with PI if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the PI relates to you. However, making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us.
Additionally, you will need to describe your request with sufficient detail to allow us to review, understand, assess, and respond. We will not use the PI we collect from an individual to determine a verifiable request for any other purpose, except as required by law.
If you have an account with us, we will deliver our written response to that account. If you do not have an account with us, we will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option. Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the receipt of your verifiable consumer request. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. To the extent permitted by the CCPA, we will respond to no more than two requests during any 12-month period.
H. Authorized Agents
You may authorize a natural person, or a business registered with the California Secretary of State to act on your behalf with respect to the right under this CA Addendum. When you submit a Request to Know or a Request to Delete, unless you have provided the authorized agent with a qualifying power of attorney, you must provide your authorized agent written permission (signed by you) to act on your behalf and verify the authorized agent’s identity with us. We reserve the right to deny requests from persons or businesses claiming to be authorized agents that do not submit sufficient proof of their authorization.
To submit the above requests, each of which is subject to our verification, you may contact us at
customersupport@clinicaloptions.com
.
20. Individuals in the European Economic Area (“EEA”)
The following European Economic Area Addendum (“EEA Addendum”) applies solely to individuals who are located in the EEA (“Data Subjects”). This EEA Addendum describes our policies and practices regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information we collect about you when you access or use the Site.
This EEA Addendum supplements and amends the information contained in the Site Policy with respect to data subjects in the EEA. Any terms defined within the European General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), including personal data/Personal Information, have the same meaning when utilized within this EEA Addendum. The other provisions of the Site Policy continue to apply except as modified in this EAA Addendum.
For purposes of applicable data protection laws, CEA is the data controller of Personal Information we collect through this Site. As data controller, we process your Personal Information in accordance with this EEA Addendum. If you have any questions, you may contact us at
customersupport@clinicaloptions.com
. Our EU GDPR representative is Vivenics, located at Kloosterstraat 9, 5349 AB Oss The Netherlands.
In addition to the information provided in the Site Policy, individuals located in the EEA should be aware of the following:
A. Rights
You may have certain additional rights, subject to limitations, regarding the processing of your Personal Information. These include the right to:
Access and request a copy of your Personal Information
Correct any inaccuracies relating to your Personal Information
Restrict the processing of your Personal Information
Object to the processing of your Personal Information, including where the data is used for marketing purposes
Request the erasure of your Personal Information
Receive the Personal Information you have provided us with in a commonly used machine-readable format and have that data transmitted to a data controller of your choosing (data portability).
Withdraw your consent to the processing of your Personal Information where processing is based on consent and exercise your right to ask us not to process your Personal Information for marketing purposes
Lodge a complaint with the appropriate authority in your jurisdiction.
To exercise any of these rights, you can email us at the address set out below. We endeavor to respond to such requests within a month or less, although we reserve the right to extend this period for complex requests.
In any of the situations listed above, we may request additional information to verify your identity in order for us to comply with our security obligations and to prevent unauthorized disclosure of data.
We reserve the right to charge you a reasonable administrative fee for any manifestly unfounded or excessive requests concerning your access to your Personal Information and for any additional copies of the Personal Information you request from us.
B. Lawful Basis for processing
We may process your Personal Information for a variety of purposes as outlined in this EEA Addendum. In general, we will process your Personal Information based on our legitimate interests or those of a third party taking into consideration your interests and rights, for performance of a contract with you or to meet legal obligations, or based on your consent for promotional marketing.
This chart identifies the purpose for collecting and processing the Personal Information listed in Sections 3 and 19 A above, and the lawful basis for processing.
Purpose for processing
Legal basis for processing
To respond to your requests for information, products, and services;
To process and manage your registration and account;
To process orders for products, and services;
To grant continuing education credit or other forms of credit.
Performance of a contract.
Profiling, including to send you marketing.
Our legitimate interests to create a profile about a consumer reflecting the consumer’s preferences, characteristics, and behaviors for targeted advertisement and marketing.
Record keeping and to ensure your information is accurate.
Our legitimate interests to keep our records up to date.
To comply with applicable foreign laws different from EEA laws.
Our legitimate interest to comply with foreign law.
To track your usage of our products and service;
To personalize our products and services;
To evaluate the use and effectiveness of our products and services, including our Sites;
To administer our Sites;
For research and development; and
To diagnose and solve problems with our products and services, including our Sites.
Our legitimate interest to improve our products and services.
To investigate and defend against any third-party allegations or claims; protect the rights and safety of others; or investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected or actual illegal activities.
Our legitimate interest to defend CEA.
Subject to applicable law and regulations, in the event of a sale, merger, consolidation, change in control, transfer of substantial assets, reorganization, or liquidation, to transfer, sell, or assign to third parties information concerning your relationship with us, including, without limitation, Personal Information that you provide and other information concerning your relationship with us.
Our legitimate interest to share Personal Information with our business partners in the event of a sale, merger, consolidation, change in control, transfer, reorganization or liquidation.
To comply with applicable legal and regulatory requirements (e.g., fraud, security), including to monitor and to assess compliance with our policies and standards.
Compliance with legal and regulatory requirements.
Purpose for processing
To respond to your requests for information, products, and services;
To process and manage your registration and account;
To process orders for products, and services;
To grant continuing education credit or other forms of credit.
Profiling, including to send you marketing.
Record keeping and to ensure your information is accurate.
To comply with applicable foreign laws different from EEA laws.
To track your usage of our products and service;
To personalize our products and services;
To evaluate the use and effectiveness of our products and services, including our Sites;
To administer our Sites;
For research and development; and
To diagnose and solve problems with our products and services, including our Sites.
To investigate and defend against any third-party allegations or claims; protect the rights and safety of others; or investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected or actual illegal activities.
Subject to applicable law and regulations, in the event of a sale, merger, consolidation, change in control, transfer of substantial assets, reorganization, or liquidation, to transfer, sell, or assign to third parties information concerning your relationship with us, including, without limitation, Personal Information that you provide and other information concerning your relationship with us.
To comply with applicable legal and regulatory requirements (e.g., fraud, security), including to monitor and to assess compliance with our policies and standards.
Legal basis for processing
Performance of a contract.
Our legitimate interests to create a profile about a consumer reflecting the consumer’s preferences, characteristics, and behaviors for targeted advertisement and marketing.
Our legitimate interests to keep our records up to date.
Our legitimate interest to comply with foreign law.
Our legitimate interest to improve our products and services.
Our legitimate interest to defend CEA.
Our legitimate interest to share Personal Information with our business partners in the event of a sale, merger, consolidation, change in control, transfer, reorganization or liquidation.
Compliance with legal and regulatory requirements.
You are not required to provide any Personal Information; however, if you choose not to provide certain requested information, you may be unable to use or access some of the services, offers, and content on the Site.
We will only use your Personal Information for the purpose for which we collect it, or for a purpose that we reasonably believe is compatible with the original purpose where we collected the Personal Information.
C. International Transfers
If you are in the European Economic Area (EEA), we will only transfer your Personal Information to a country with an EU Commission Adequacy decision or pursuant to appropriate safeguards, as required by applicable law. For further information about the transfer mechanisms we use, please contact
customersupport@clinicaloptions.com
.
21. Privacy Questions or Concerns
For privacy questions or concerns about the way in which CEA processes your Personal Information or Data or about the Clinical Education Alliance Sites, please contact
customersupport@clinicaloptions.com
.
Clinical Education Alliance, LLC
Attention: Chief Operations Officer
12001 Sunrise Valley Drive
Suite 300
Reston, VA 20191
Page load link
Go to Top
Your Privacy
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Performance Cookies
Targeting Cookies
Your Privacy
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
Privacy Policy
AdButler Opt Out
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
View Details‎
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
View Details‎
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
View Details‎
Back Button
Vendors List
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Sub-policy 2
https://reachmd.com/pages/privacy/:
Home
CME/CE
CME/CE Series
Advances in Chronic Kidney Disease
Amyloid Transthyretin (ATTR) Learning Center
Global Heart Failure Academy
NeuroFrontiers CME
New Horizons in MASLD/MASH
CME/CE Topic Areas
Allergy, Asthma, and Immunology
Cardiology
Dermatology
Emergency Medicine
Endocrinology
Gastroenterology and Hepatology
General Medicine and Primary Care
Infectious Diseases
Genetics
Nephrology
Neurology
Nutrition
Oncology and Hematology
Ophthalmology
Pathology and Laboratory Medicine
Pediatrics
Psychiatry and Mental Health
Pulmonary Medicine
Radiology
Rare and Orphan Diseases
Rheumatology
Surgery
Technology
Urology
Women's Health
Featured Education Partners
AXIS Medical Education
Medtelligence
Omnia Education
PACE-CME
Prova Education
RMEI
Total CME
View all CME/CE
Specialty
Allergy and Clinical Immunology
Anesthesiology
Cardiology
Dermatology
Emergency Medicine
Endocrinology
Gastroenterology and Hepatology
General Medicine and Primary Care
Genetics
Infectious Diseases
Nephrology
Neurology and Neurosurgery
Nutrition
OB/GYN and Women's Health
Oncology - Hematology
Ophthalmology
Optometry
Pathology and Lab Medicine
Pediatrics
Psychiatry and Mental Health
Pulmonary Medicine
Radiology
Rare and Orphan Diseases
Rheumatology
Sports Medicine
Surgery
Urology
View all Specialty
Industry Features
Anesthesiology
Cardiology
Dermatology
Emergency Medicine
Endocrinology
Gastroenterology and Hepatology
General Medicine and Primary Care
Infectious Diseases
Nephrology
Neurology and Neurosurgery
OB/GYN and Women's Health
Oncology - Hematology
Ophthalmology
Pathology and Lab Medicine
Pediatrics
Psychiatry and Mental Health
Pulmonary Medicine
Rheumatology
View all Industry Features
News
Business of Medicine
COVID-19 Updates
Global Health
Health Policy
Health Technology
Allergy, Asthma, and Immunology
Cardiology
Dermatology
Diabetes & Endocrinology
Emergency Medicine
Gastroenterology
Genetics
Geriatrics
Infectious Disease
Men's Health
Nephrology
Neurology
Nutrition
OB/GYN & Women's Health
Oncology
Ophthalmology
Pediatrics
Primary Care
Psychiatry
Pulmonary Medicine
Radiology
Rheumatology
Sports Medicine
Surgery
View all News
Live
Series
Advances in Women's Health
AudioAbstracts
Clinician's Roundtable
CME/CE
COVID-19: On The Frontlines
Curious Headlines
DermConsult
Diabetes Discourse
Everyday Family Medicine
Eye on Ocular Health
GI Insights
Global Heart Failure Academy
Grand Rounds Nation®
Heart Matters
Lipid Luminations
NeuroFrontiers
Partners in Practice
Primary Care Today
Project Oncology
ReachMD Briefs
VacciNation
Spotlight On:
Acne
ATTR-CM
DMD
gMG
IgAN
Multiple Myeloma
Multiple Sclerosis
Psoriasis
Schizophrenia
View all Series
Clara
Q-Challenge
Doctor’s Lounge
Lifestyle
Brain Games
Exercise & Fitness
Healthcare Heroes
Humor
Nutrition
Op-Ed
Trending Topics
Business of Medicine
Ethics
Finance
Global Medicine
Health Disparities
Healthcare Policy
Medical Research
Practice Management
Technology
View all Doctor’s Lounge
Public Playlists
Playlists
Healthcare Jobs
Newsletter Signup
Register
close
We’re glad to see you’re enjoying ReachMD…
but how about a more personalized experience?
Register for free
ReachMD.com Privacy Policy
The ReachMD.com website (“Site”), as well as the ReachMD mobile applications (“Apps”), are owned and operated by U.S. HealthConnect, Inc. doing business as ReachMD (”ReachMD” or “us” or “we” or “our”). This privacy policy (“Policy”) governs the manner in which we collect, use, maintain and disclose information collected from users (“User” or “you”) of the Site, Apps and any other website or mobile app where this Policy is posted or published, or if you interact with us through social media, by phone, in writing, in person or through any other interactions you may have with ReachMD (all of which will be referred to collectively, together with the Site and Apps, as the “Services”). This Policy also explains how you can exercise certain rights you may have in connection with your privacy and the information we collect from you.
This Policy only applies to the Services identified above, and does not apply to information which you may send us by other means. Other sites, apps and other online locations, including any social media platforms or services you may use to interact with ReachMD,  may have their own privacy policies or notices which apply instead of this Policy, and you should consult those accordingly.
The Services are intended for users sixteen (16) years of age or older. If you are not 16 years of age or older, you are
NOT
permitted to access or use the Services.  If you learn that anyone younger than 16 has unlawfully provided us with personal data, please contact us, and we will take steps to delete such information.
This Policy is effective as of April 15, 2024
Changes to this Policy
We retain sole discretion to update this Policy from time to time. When we update this Policy, we will post a notification on the main page of our Site and Apps and update the Policy’s effective date. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this Policy periodically and become aware of modifications. Your continued use of the Services after any changes are made to this Policy constitutes your acceptance of the changes. If any of the changes are unacceptable to you, you should cease using the Services.
If any changes to this Policy substantially affect how ReachMD treats or handles personal data that has already been collected by ReachMD, we will notify you by email (if ReachMD has a valid email address to use) and give you thirty (30) days to opt-in to the changes as they pertain to your information. If you do not opt-in, your information will continue to be used in a manner that is consistent with the version of this Policy under which it was collected.
Collection of Personal Data
Personal data (“Personal Data”) is generally defined as information that, by itself or in combination with other information, may be able to identify you or could reasonably be associated with you, your household or your accounts.
We may collect Personal Data from Users who voluntarily provide such information in a variety of ways on or through the Services. For example, Users may provide, be asked for, or allow us to collect Personal Data including:
Contact Information
such as your name, practice name, phone number, email address or mailing address; social media (linking)
Communications Information
such as any recorded communications you have with us through email, our online customer service chat bot or over the phone for quality assurance purposes;
Professional Information
like your practice name, office address, other business information or national provider identifier (NPI) number, area of expertise, and the professional education courses and other resources you use, attend or participate in through the Services; educational interests, state license number, medical school and year of graduation, and to the extent that you apply for an open position on our Site your resume and professional work experience;
Log-in Information
like your username and password when you log onto your account on our Site;
Device and Activity Information
which may include your IP address and your activity when visiting our Site including the different webpages, articles, or videos you viewed or links you clicked (please see the “Device Information and Cookies” section below for further information);
Purchase and Attendance Information
such as which education or training courses or events you purchased and/or completed through our Site or your use of the Services; and/or
Payment Information
including your credit/debit card number or other financial information.
Additionally, ReachMD may collect inferences about ReachMD content we think may be of interest to you based on your apparent preferences from the categories of professional information we collect about you.
Personal Data Sources
The voluntarily provided Personal Data summarized above is collected from you whenever you:
visit or use our Services;
register an account on or through the Services;
register for an event;
subscribe to a newsletter;
respond to a survey;
fill out a form;
order training services or materials;
create a username and password (or security question and answer); and/or
seek information in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on or through the Services.
ReachMD may collect some of your contact information and professional information from pharmaceutical companies that provide us with physician level data (PLD), which we then use to track the content you listen to and/or view on or through the Services. The pharmaceutical companies that provide us with your PLD may receive professional information about any ReachMD courses you attend or other Services you use as a result of this process. This exchange of PLD and other professional information may result in you receiving advertising content that is based on the ReachMD content you listen to and/or view, and other Services you use.
ReachMD generally will not ask you to provide any sensitive data, such as your religious beliefs, citizenship status, sexual orientation, or your race or ethnicity, but you may be able to voluntarily provide such sensitive data in any content that you may upload or post on or through the Services. To the extent you include any sensitive data in content you voluntarily make available through the Services, you hereby acknowledge and agree that such data may be processed by ReachMD as necessary to provide the Services in accordance with your instructions.
We may also collect your IP address, Device ID, and other information in an automated manner through the use of cookies as described, below. We will collect any other Personal Data from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us.
We will not collect additional categories of Personal Data or use the Personal Data we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice and obtaining your consent to the new processing activities. If you do not opt-in, your information will continue to be used in a manner that is consistent with the version of this Policy under which it was collected, or the information will be deleted.
Users can always refuse to supply Personal Data, except that doing so may prevent Users from engaging in certain activities or content related to the Services.
Online Tracking Technologies
Device information, cookies, and other online tracking tools
There are other areas of the Services where Personal Data or other information may be collected from you in an automated manner. When you visit or use certain Services, for example, we may automatically collect certain
Device Information
about your computer, browser or device that includes information about your web browser, such as your IP address, time zone, and some of the cookie identifiers that are installed on your device. ReachMD will treat such device information as Personal Data to the extent such device information is reasonably capable of identifying a particular individual.
The Services may use “cookies” to enhance the User's experience. For example, cookies are placed on your hard drive when you visit the Site for record-keeping purposes to better understand how Users interact with the Services, optimize response times, remember what language you prefer, and sometimes to track authentication information to prevent unauthorized access to Users’ accounts. A User may choose to set their web browser or mobile device to refuse or disable cookies. If cookies are blocked by Users, some parts of our Services may not function properly.
Google Analytics
ReachMD may also use third-party service providers which collect and aggregate information to analyze how Users move around the Services, in order to optimize the performance of the Services. For example, the Services may use Google Analytics, which is a web analytics service that uses online tracking tools to analyze how you use aspects of the Services. The information collected by these cookies about your use of the Services (including page views, scrolls, videos or links that were clicked, a unique client ID attributable to your device and browser information, your approximate age, gender, interests, language settings on your device or browser,  and approximate location metadata derived from your IP address (city, state, and country)) is transmitted to and stored on a Google server in the United States. Google uses this information to assess your use of the Services, providing reports on data such as how often you visit, what pages you view when you visit, and what other websites you visited prior to visiting or using our Services, for example. Google may transfer this information to third parties, if required by law or if third parties process the information on behalf of Google.
View an overview of Google’s data privacy practices for Google Analytics at
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245
. For more information on Google’s privacy practices generally, please review Google’s privacy policy at
https://policies.google.com/privacy
. To opt-out of being tracked by Google Analytics, you may be able to download and install the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on at
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
. These Google services may also cause you to receive personalized ads based on your browsing behavior. You may be able to opt-out of receiving these personalized ads by using the settings at
https://adssettings.google.com/
Other third-party online tools
Our Services include other third-party online tools that are used to connect our Site to our pages on social media platforms as well as for data analytics and targeted advertising purposes. By using these third-party online tools, information about your use of the applicable platform, your device, and your activity on the Site (including which webpages and videos you may have viewed) may be shared with such third parties.  You may be able to opt out of being tracked through these online tools by following the directions noted in the table below.
Third Party Source /
Data Recipient
How to Manage Privacy Settings
More Information
Facebook
Go to
interest based ads settings
or
Meta privacy control center
Facebook’s Privacy Policy
and Meta
Cookie Policy
Instagram
Go to
privacy settings
or
Meta privacy control center
Instagram’s Privacy Policy
and Meta
Cookie Policy
X (formerly Twitter)
Go to
privacy settings
X
Privacy Policy
YouTube
Go to YouTube
privacy controls
YouTube
Privacy Guidelines
and Google
Privacy Policy
LinkedIn
Go to LinkedIn’s
advertising preferences
LinkedIn’s
Privacy Policy
and
Cookie Policy
Identification of site visitors through audience identification tool
We use an audience identification tool supplied by the Healthcare Communications Network℠, of which we are a member. More information on this Network is provided below under “Sharing your personal information.” A digital tag (e.g. a pixel) may be embedded in emails to you from us or the Healthcare Communications Network℠ which allows us to identify you and your Personal Data, to the extent such Personal Data is in our possession or the Network’s possession, when you visit or use our Services.
Mobile Data Collection
If you access our Services through one of our mobile apps, we may collect the following Personal Data about you: your device identifier, your mobile device’s operating system type, your mobile carrier, and your geolocation (your location while you are using the app). This information may be used and shared with third parties for advertising purposes.  Depending on how you interact with our mobile app, we may also collect additional information that you provide to us including contact information, log in credentials, credit/debit or other payment card information, items that you add to your “favorites” and/or “interests” lists, any posts or communications you make on our mobile app, and your browsing/activity within and when using the mobile app.
To opt out of certain data collection and sharing please go to your mobile device settings and following the instructions for your particular device (see instructions for
Apple
&
Android
).  To opt out of targeted ads while using the mobile app, you also may opt out using the Digital Advertising Alliance’s free mobile application
AppChoices
for each device you use (for more information, see
https://youradchoices.com/appchoices
). ReachMD cannot guarantee that these industry-provided opt-out tools will prevent all targeted ads.
Standard data and other fees may be charged by your mobile phone carrier when using any mobile app, so please be aware of such fees.
How We Use Collected Information
We may collect and use Users’ Personal Data for the following purposes:
To improve customer service:
Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
To prevent unauthorized access to and use of the Services:
Your registration information will be used to safeguard your account.
To enroll in an event:
We may use order information to process the enrollment of Users in a meeting or event.
To personalize User experience:
We may use information to provide Users with tailored content based on ReachMD courses you attend or other Services you use, and we may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the Services.
To process any forms you complete and submit through the Services:
We will use such submitted information for the purposes described in connection with any specific form the User completes.
To send training services or materials:
If a User submits an order or request for such training services or materials, we will use the submitted information to send these to the User.
To perform internal operations related to the Services:
We may use your Personal Data for fraud prevention, to troubleshoot software issues and operational problems, conducting data analysis and testing; and to conduct data analysis and testing;
To run our day-to-day business:
We may use your Personal Data to run our day-to-day business including to facilitate corporate or other business transactions, to comply with legal, law enforcement, and/or regulatory requirements or requests, to exercise our legal rights, and for document retention and storage purposes.
To send periodic emails or mail:
We may use the email address and postal addresses to send Users information and updates based on the information Users provide us. We may also use email or mail to respond to User inquiries, questions, and/or other requests. A User will receive emails or mail which may include company news, updates, related product or service information, as well as information from third parties with whom we or our affiliated entities do business.
To provide to you customized advertisements:
We may use your device and activity information to provide you with customized advertisements about our course and event offerings that may be of interest to you.
By providing to ReachMD the Personal Data and other information referenced above, you agree that ReachMD may use the Personal Data and other information in accordance with the terms of this policy.
Sharing Your Personal Information
We may share certain portions of Personal Data and other information with third-party service providers to help us operate the Services, our business, or to administer activities on our behalf. This may include sharing your:
Professional Information with a search service to help us look up your NPI number, or with pharmaceutical companies and providers of advertising services in connection with the exchange of your PLD as described above;
Device Information with our content delivery vendor to provide content on or through the Services, and with analytics service providers with whom we have contractually committed to provide data for analytical purposes; and/or
Payment information to our credit card or other payment processors to facilitate purchases made through our Services;
Contact Information with our email and shipping vendors for the purpose of sending out newsletters, surveys, or marketing materials from ReachMD.
Communications Information with our service providers in order to facilitate the chat service, to the extent that you may use our customer service chat bot;
Any Personal Data to our IT service and data storage providers to store our information and provide IT support and maintenance services; and/or
Any Personal Data to our affiliates to fulfill any of the processing activities described in this Policy.
We may share your information with these third parties unless you have specifically requested to be removed from our database and ReachMD has no other legal obligation to retain your information and process it as necessary to fulfill contractual obligations or for other legitimate business purposes.
We participate in the Healthcare Communications Network℠ which is owned and operated by IQVIA. Participation in the Healthcare Communications Network provides us with tools to better understand and analyze who is using our Services, and to personalize User experiences through the Services. We share certain of your Personal Data with the operators of the Healthcare Communications Network. This information includes your email address, your name, your NPI number and other information we obtain when you register to use the Services, or visit the Healthcare Communications Network. HealthCare Communications Network will use this information primarily to send you emails with information specifically tailored to your medical interest. You will receive an email providing you with a mechanism to unsubscribe from the Network’s emails and from ReachMD’s use of the Network’s tools to track and analyze your visits to and use of our Services.
By registering for and using our Services, you agree to the terms of this Policy and to the Healthcare Communications Network privacy policy. That policy can be found at
https://hcn.health/privacy-policy/
.
If ReachMD is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, your Personal Data may be transferred.
As described in the “Online Tracking Technologies” section, above, the Services may allow you to share information, including Personal Data, with other third-party services and social networking websites, such as Twitter, Facebook, Instagram and LinkedIn when you click on the respective social media button on our Site. We do not share your Personal Data with these social media providers unless you direct the Services to do so. Their use of the information will be governed by their privacy policies, and you may be able to modify your privacy settings with these entities. Links to the respective social media policies and information on how you may opt out of certain sharing that occurs through these social media services are located in the “Other Third-Party Online Tools” section, above. Please consult these third parties’ privacy policies before using their platforms to make sure you are comfortable with the level of sharing.
Other than what is referenced above, the Personal Data and other information collected from you is not shared with nor sold to any person or entity outside of ReachMD. ReachMD does not knowingly collect or sell the Personal Information of minors under 16 years of age.
Disclosures for Investigation and Regulatory Purposes
We may share User information with governmental agencies or other companies assisting us in fraud prevention or investigation if we: (1) reasonably believe we are permitted or required to do so by law; (2) are investigating actual or potential fraud or unauthorized transactions; or (3) believe that a User’s actions violate our Terms and Condition of Use or threaten the rights, property or safety of our company, our Users, or others. We may also disclose User information if required or requested by law enforcement or a governmental body, to the extent permitted under applicable law.
Disclosures for Investigation and Regulatory Purposes
We may share User information with governmental agencies or other companies assisting us in fraud prevention or investigation if we: (1) reasonably believe we are permitted or required to do so by law; (2) are investigating actual or potential fraud or unauthorized transactions; or (3) believe that a User’s actions violate our Terms and Condition of Use or threaten the rights, property or safety of our company, our Users, or others. We may also disclose User information if required or requested by law enforcement or a governmental body, to the extent permitted under applicable law.
Your Choices Regarding Your Personal Data
Your provision of Personal Data and other information to ReachMD means you agree that we may collect, use and disclose your information according to the terms of this Policy. If you do not agree with these terms, please do not  provide any Personal Data. However, certain Services can only be offered if you provide your Personal Data to ReachMD.
In connection with ReachMD’s collection and use of your Personal Data, and depending on where you reside, you may have a right to:
Confirm whether ReachMD  has collected and is processing your Personal Data and, if so, you may have a right to request access to or correction of your Personal Data;
Obtain a copy of Personal Data that ReachMD maintains about you in a portable and readily usable format, if technically feasible, that would allow you to transfer such Personal Data to another service or provider, where the applicable processing is carried out by automated means;
Opt-out of any processing of your Personal Data for the purposes of, as applicable and subject to contractual and legal restrictions, (1) targeted advertising based on your browsing behavior before and after you visit or use the Services, (2) any sale of your Personal Data, or (3) any profiling of you or automated decision-making processes based on collected Personal Data in a way that would produce legal ramifications or similarly significant real-world effects on you, or (4) with respect to sensitive Personal Data (if applicable), inferring characteristics about you, subject to certain conditions;;
Request details on the specific pieces of Personal Data that ReachMD has collected about you;
Request that ReachMD delete or properly dispose of copies of Personal Data it has collected about you, subject to contractual and legal restrictions; and not be discriminated against, in terms of the quality and prices offered in connection with our Services, because you exercised these rights regarding the collection, use and sharing of your Personal Data; and.
Submit an appeal to a regulatory authority if we reject your request to exercise any of these rights (if applicable).
How to Exercise Your Rights
If you would like to request the ability to access, review, edit, delete or have us otherwise dispose of any copies of the Personal Data ReachMD collected from you, if you would like to opt-out of receiving further information, if you want to limit what Personal Data ReachMD shares, if you otherwise wish ReachMD to stop using your Personal Data in the manners specified in this Policy, or if you would like to exercise the above rights in any other way (subject to any applicable legal exceptions), please contact us at
info@reachmd.com
or by calling us at 1-866-390-9909 (Toll-Free).
You may grant an authorized agent written permission to submit requests regarding your Personal Information, but we may deny authorized agent requests absent proof that you authorized such agent to act on your behalf, or if we are unable to verify your identity.
Verifying Your Identity
ReachMD is required to verify the identity of any person or entity that requests the disclosure or deletion of Personal Data. Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us, but if you have a password-protected account, we will use our existing authentication procedures to verify your identity. For most other requests, ReachMD will ask you to provide information that matches at least two pieces of Personal Data we store about you before responding to your request. If you would like to request the specific pieces of your Personal Data that ReachMD has collected, or if you would like us to delete highly sensitive information, you will need to match at least three pieces of information we store about you, and you must provide a signed declaration under penalty of perjury that you are the consumer whose Personal Data you are requesting. We will only use Personal Data provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the request.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with Personal Data if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the Personal Data relates to you. Under such circumstances, ReachMD may follow up with you for additional information as reasonably necessary to authenticate your request. Subject to applicable legal requirements, if ReachMD refuses to act on a request you make based on the rights listed at the beginning of this section, you may have a right to submit an appeal by contacting us using the same method as when you made the initial request. In the event ReachMD must deny your appeal, we will provide a way for you to forward your complaint to the appropriate legal authorities.
Data Deletion Considerations
Any removal of information or content by ReachMD does not ensure or guarantee complete or comprehensive removal in all places. The content or information may have been shared or reposted by other parties, or federal or state law may require maintenance of the content or information. ReachMD  will do its best to accommodate your request to delete Personal Data we collected from you, but we cannot guarantee we can remove all Personal Data from the specified uses. If the request relates to information that ReachMD needs to make the Services function properly for you, you may not be able to use the Services properly moving forward.
ReachMD reserves the right to maintain proper records as required by law, or for otherwise legitimate business purposes to the extent permitted by law, even if such records contain your Personal Data.
How to Exercise Your Opt Out Rights / Do Not Track
As previously described above, when you visit and interact with the Services, certain third parties may get access to certain information about you as referenced above, such as your device information, professional information and PLD, for the purpose of providing you online advertising personalized to your interests based on your browsing behavior. To the extent any of this sharing or third-party access may be considered a “sale” of your Personal Data under applicable privacy laws and regulations or if you otherwise have the right to opt-out of sharing for targeted advertising purposes, you may exercise choices regarding such sharing or third-party access by clicking
here
, or by using the email address or toll-free phone number provided in the previous paragraph.
Some browsers have a “Do Not Track” feature or similar privacy controls or settings that lets you tell websites that you do not want to have your online activities tracked. The Services are not currently configured to recognize or respond to “Do Not Track” signals or similar technical requests sent by a User’s browser or other device settings.  To learn more about other ways to possibly opt-out of certain kinds of tracking that could result in you receiving targeted advertising based on your behavior online, visit the
Network Advertising Initiative website
and the
Digital Advertising Alliance website
. You can also change your browser cookie settings to block/delete the cookies by going to the browser settings page (
see
Chrome
,
Safari
,
Firefox
, &
Internet Explorer
).
Options you select through these third-party services are browser- and device-specific, and there is no guarantee that these industry-provided opt-out tools will prevent all targeted advertising. As noted previously in this Policy, it is possible that third parties may collect or receive information through the Services. Since it is possible that some of these third parties may respond differently than ReachMD to “do not track” requests, you should consult the applicable privacy policies of those third parties for that information.
If you would like to opt-out of receiving further promotional emails from ReachMD, please follow the opt-out instructions at the bottom of the email or send ReachMD a detailed message at
info@reachmd.com
.
Data of Minors
ReachMD does not knowingly collect any information from minors, nor are the Services directed at or intended for minors. If a minor uploads/posts information on or through the Services that is publicly available, the minor has a right to request that such information be removed from public viewing. A minor may request uploads/posts or other information to be removed by sending a detailed message at
info@reachmd.com
. Any removal of content by ReachMD does not ensure or guarantee complete removal of the content in all places. The content may have been reposted by other parties, or federal or state law may require maintenance of the content or information.
How We Protect Your Information
As to Personal Data we collect, ReachMD’s Services use, implement and maintain industry standard security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your Personal Data and other data stored on or through our Services, both in storage and in transmission.
However, while ReachMD takes the protection of your Personal Data seriously, you should exercise discretion in what information you disclose and/or transmit online, including on or through any of our online Services. No data transmission over the internet can be assured to be completely secure, as any transmitted information may be intercepted by others before it reaches ReachMD. As a result, ReachMD does not ensure or warrant the security of any information that you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk. If you are concerned about sending information to ReachMD over the internet, please send the information by mail or call us to make other arrangements. ReachMD is not responsible for the security of information sent over the internet.
How Long We Keep Your Personal Data
ReachMD retains collected information for a reasonable amount of time in order to fulfill the stated purpose for why the information was collected or for other legitimate purposes such as ensuring security of our data and systems, complying with our legal obligations, complying with tax, audit, or other books and record policies, resolving disputes, conducting internal investigations, and enforcing our agreements or other legal rights. Due to the different purposes for retaining your Personal Data, the actual retention timeframes may vary depending on the type of Personal Data we collect from you and the purposes for which we use your Personal Data. ReachMD reserves the right to maintain proper business records as required by law, or for otherwise legitimate business purposes to the extent permitted by law, even if such records contain your Personal Data. If ReachMD determines that collected information is no longer needed, it will delete such information or anonymize the information so that it can no longer be attributed to you. Our collection times will be consistent with applicable law.
Please note that residual copies of your Personal Data may be removed from backup systems subject to our backup data retention schedule.
How We Handle E.U. Data
If you are a User residing within the European Economic Area (the “EEA,” which includes the 27 European Union Member States, Iceland, Norway and Liechtenstein), Switzerland or the United Kingdom (collectively, the “EU”), then ReachMD handles your Personal Data according to the terms of this Policy, unless the exceptions in this section apply, pursuant to the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”).
ReachMD will collect, process and use your Personal Data as described in this Policy and for the purposes set forth in this Policy. With the exception of uses for which we have obtained your consent, your Personal Data is processed in support of legitimate interests as described in this Policy.
ReachMD’s Services may use “cookies” to enhance the User's experience. If you are a User residing within the EU, you can find out more about cookies and how to manage them by viewing and exercising the options available to you in our Cookie Policy, which can be found at
https://reachmd.com/privacy/cookielist/
.
If you are a User residing within the EU, we will seek your consent before using your Personal Data to serve you relevant information, content and educational materials based on your personal preferences, interests, location and other information that you provide to ReachMD in connection with your account for the Services.
We may share certain portions of Personal Data and other information with any member of our group of companies as reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this Policy to help us operate our business and Services. You can learn more about our group of companies by visiting
USHealthConnect.com
.
The Healthcare Communications Network℠ owned and operated by IQVIA is not available to Users in the EU.
Under the GDPR, Users in the EU have the following rights regarding your Personal Data:
the right to request details on the Personal Data we hold about you at any time;
the right to update and correct any inaccurate Personal Data ReachMD holds about you;
the right to withdraw any consent for marketing activities or processing of Personal Data that you might have provided to ReachMD;
the right to request erasure of Personal Data;
the right to request restriction of ReachMD’s processing of your Personal Data;
the right to object at any time to ReachMD’s processing of Personal Data concerning you; and
the right to request the portability of Personal Data that you have provided to ReachMD.
If you would like to review, edit or delete any of the Personal Data ReachMD collected from you, if you wish ReachMD to stop using your Personal Data in the manners specified in this Policy, or if you would like to exercise the rights listed above in any other way, please contact us at privacy@ushealthconnect.com.
Under the GDPR, Users in the EU also have the right to lodge a complaint about ReachMD’s processing of your Personal Data with a supervisory authority. In particular, such Users may lodge a complaint in the Member State where the User lives or works or where the alleged violation took place.
To protect your Personal Data, ReachMD’s Services use appropriate technical and organizational security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your Personal Data and other information stored on or through our Services.
ReachMD retains Personal Data only for as long as necessary to fulfill the stated purpose for which the Personal Data was collected or otherwise processed, and thereafter for a variety of legitimate legal or business purposes. These may include retention periods that are: (i) mandated by law, contract or similar obligations applicable to ReachMD’s business operations; (ii) for preserving, resolving, defending or enforcing our legal/contractual rights; or (iii) needed to maintain adequate and accurate business and financial records. We will delete your Personal Data as soon as the respective purpose of use is not applicable anymore and no legal obligation to retain such data exists. If you have any questions about the security or retention of your Personal Data, you can contact us at privacy@ushealthconnect.com.
Your Personal Data may be disclosed to and processed by staff operating in the United States. Disclosure will be to individuals who work for ReachMD, our subsidiaries, related companies, and companies with which we have contracted to process or store this data on ReachMD’s behalf. The individuals and organizations that receive Personal Data as a result of international transfers out of the EU are obligated to use and protect your Personal Data in accordance with requirements under the GDPR and they must comply with appropriate security measures to protect your information.
International Use & Transfers
If you are a User located outside of the United States, you are responsible for complying with any local laws regarding use of the Services and any related data collection. You also agree and acknowledge that by providing any information on or through the Services, including Personal Data, that such information will be transmitted to, and stored in, the United States.
If you are visiting from the EU or other regions with laws governing the collection, use and transfer of Personal Data across international borders, please note that you are agreeing to the transfer of your information to the United States. By providing your information, you consent to any transfer and processing in accordance with this Policy.
Third-Party Links
The Services may contain links to external online locations, including those embedded in third-party advertisements or sponsor information, which are not controlled by ReachMD. ReachMD is not responsible for the privacy practices and data collection policies for such third-party services. Additionally, we are not responsible for the data processing practices of the internet browser service you choose to use when accessing our Site. You should consult the privacy policies of any third-party services before using or going to their websites or apps.
Your Acceptance of These Terms
By using our Services, you signify your acceptance of this Policy. If you do not agree to this Policy, please do not use our Services. Your continued use of the Services following the posting of changes to this Policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Terms and Conditions of Use
The Terms and Conditions of Use for the Services are incorporated by reference into this Policy. The Terms and Conditions of Use can be found
here
.
Information on Our Services
Need some information or assistance? We’re close by, just reach out and we will get back to you as soon as possible.
EMAIL:
info@reachmd.com
PHONE: 215.358.0555
MAIL: 1301 Virginia Drive, Ste 300, Fort Washington, PA 19034
ReachMD intends to strictly enforce this Policy. If you believe there has been some violation of this Policy, please contact ReachMD.
This Policy is effective as of April 15, 2024
X
Discussion
Player
Create
Cancel
Private
Public
Share
Close
Peer's name
Share
Video Player is loading.
Play Video
Play
Mute
Current Time
0:00
/
Duration
-:-
Loaded
:
0%
Stream Type
LIVE
Seek to live, currently playing live
LIVE
Remaining Time
-
0:00
Playback Rate
1x
Chapters
Chapters
Descriptions
descriptions off
, selected
Captions
captions settings
, opens captions settings dialog
captions off
, selected
Audio Track
Picture-in-Picture
Fullscreen
This is a modal window.
Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window.
Text
Color
White
Black
Red
Green
Blue
Yellow
Magenta
Cyan
Transparency
Opaque
Semi-Transparent
Background
Color
Black
White
Red
Green
Blue
Yellow
Magenta
Cyan
Transparency
Opaque
Semi-Transparent
Transparent
Window
Color
Black
White
Red
Green
Blue
Yellow
Magenta
Cyan
Transparency
Transparent
Semi-Transparent
Opaque
Font Size
50%
75%
100%
125%
150%
175%
200%
300%
400%
Text Edge Style
None
Raised
Depressed
Uniform
Dropshadow
Font Family
Proportional Sans-Serif
Monospace Sans-Serif
Proportional Serif
Monospace Serif
Casual
Script
Small Caps
Reset
restore all settings to the default values
Done
Close Modal Dialog
End of dialog window.
Close
Share
ReachMD Radio
Schedule
14 Mar  2025
Prev
Next
ON AIR
CAR T-Cell Therapy for Relapsed/Refractory B-ALL: Evaluating Real-World Data
4:21 AM
CAR T-Cell Therapy for Relapsed/Refractory B-ALL: Evaluating Real-World Data
Pharmacotherapy in Obesity: Current and Emerging Options
4:34 AM
Pharmacotherapy in Obesity: Current and Emerging Options
Respiratory Challenges in Neuromuscular Disorders: A Look at Symptoms and Impacts
4:41 AM
Respiratory Challenges in Neuromuscular Disorders: A Look at Symptoms and Impacts
Cutting-Edge Trials: TAVR for Small Aortic Annuli
4:52 AM
Cutting-Edge Trials: TAVR for Small Aortic Annuli
Pulmonary Hypertension Management: Practice Trends and Updates
5:00 AM
Pulmonary Hypertension Management: Practice Trends and Updates
Osteoporosis in Postmenopausal Women: Sequencing Strategies and Challenges
5:56 AM
Osteoporosis in Postmenopausal Women: Sequencing Strategies and Challenges
Infertility: Current Testing and Treatment Methods
6:00 AM
Infertility: Current Testing and Treatment Methods
Adventures of a Female Medical Detective: Dr. Mary Guinan's Pursuit of Smallpox and AIDS
6:14 AM
Adventures of a Female Medical Detective: Dr. Mary Guinan's Pursuit of Smallpox and AIDS
Obesity and Sexual Health: The Yo-yo Effect of Weight Gain and Libido Loss
6:32 AM
Obesity and Sexual Health: The Yo-yo Effect of Weight Gain and Libido Loss
Hair Concerns in the Post Menopausal Patient
6:44 AM
Hair Concerns in the Post Menopausal Patient
Egg Freezing Technologies and Techniques: Practical Considerations for Clinicians
7:00 AM
Egg Freezing Technologies and Techniques: Practical Considerations for Clinicians
Exercise During Pregnancy: The Evidence on Benefits vs Risks
7:22 AM
Exercise During Pregnancy: The Evidence on Benefits vs Risks
Updates on Breast Cancer Treatment: Exploring CDK4/6 Inhibitors & Endocrine Therapy
7:37 AM
Updates on Breast Cancer Treatment: Exploring CDK4/6 Inhibitors & Endocrine Therapy
Exploring New Frontiers in Cervical Cancer Screening
7:48 AM
Exploring New Frontiers in Cervical Cancer Screening
Toward a Family-Centered Approach to Cesarean Deliveries
8:00 AM
Toward a Family-Centered Approach to Cesarean Deliveries
Program Chapters
Segment Chapters
Playlist:
Recommended
You are now leaving ReachMD.com and going to a site run by another organization.
Press cancel to remain on ReachMD. Press the link below or the continue button to keep going.
Get a Dose of
ReachMD
in Your Inbox and Practice Smarter Medicine
Stay current with the best on medical education
Let us customize your content (optional)
Select profession from the list
Let us customize your content even more (optional)
Select speciality from the list
Subscribe
We Care About Your Privacy
We and our
3
partners store and access personal data, like browsing data or unique identifiers, on your device. Selecting "I Accept" enables tracking technologies to support the purposes shown under "we and our partners process data to provide," whereas selecting "Reject All" or withdrawing your consent will disable them. If trackers are disabled, some content and ads you see may not be as relevant to you. You can resurface this menu to change your choices or withdraw consent at any time by clicking the  link on the bottom of the webpage [or the floating icon on the bottom-left of the webpage, if applicable]. Your choices will have effect within our Website. For more details, refer to our Privacy Policy.
We and our partners process data to provide:
Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)
I Accept
About Your Privacy
We process your data to deliver content or advertisements and measure the delivery of such content or advertisements to extract insights about our website. We share this information with our partners on the basis of consent and legitimate interest. You may exercise your right to consent or object to a legitimate interest, based on a specific purpose below or at a partner level in the link under each purpose. These choices will be signaled to our vendors participating in the Transparency and Consent Framework.
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Store and/or access information on a device
Cookies, device or similar online identifiers (e.g. login-based identifiers, randomly assigned identifiers, network based identifiers) together with other information (e.g. browser type and information, language, screen size, supported technologies etc.) can be stored or read on your device to recognise it each time it connects to an app or to a website, for one or several of the purposes presented here.
List of IAB Vendors‎
| View Illustrations
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Use limited data to select advertising
3 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Advertising presented to you on this service can be based on limited data, such as the website or app you are using, your non-precise location, your device type or which content you are (or have been) interacting with (for example, to limit the number of times an ad is presented to you).
View Illustrations
Object to Legitimate Interests
Remove Objection
Create profiles for personalised advertising
3 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Information about your activity on this service (such as forms you submit, content you look at) can be stored and combined with other information about you (for example, information from your previous activity on this service and other websites or apps) or similar users. This is then used to build or improve a profile about you (that might include possible interests and personal aspects). Your profile can be used (also later) to present advertising that appears more relevant based on your possible interests by this and other entities.
View Illustrations
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
3 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Advertising presented to you on this service can be based on your advertising profiles, which can reflect your activity on this service or other websites or apps (like the forms you submit, content you look at), possible interests and personal aspects.
View Illustrations
Create profiles to personalise content
1 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Information about your activity on this service (for instance, forms you submit, non-advertising content you look at) can be stored and combined with other information about you (such as your previous activity on this service or other websites or apps) or similar users. This is then used to build or improve a profile about you (which might for example include possible interests and personal aspects). Your profile can be used (also later) to present content that appears more relevant based on your possible interests, such as by adapting the order in which content is shown to you, so that it is even easier for you to find content that matches your interests.
View Illustrations
Use profiles to select personalised content
1 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Content presented to you on this service can be based on your content personalisation profiles, which can reflect your activity on this or other services (for instance, the forms you submit, content you look at), possible interests and personal aspects. This can for example be used to adapt the order in which content is shown to you, so that it is even easier for you to find (non-advertising) content that matches your interests.
View Illustrations
Measure advertising performance
3 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Information regarding which advertising is presented to you and how you interact with it can be used to determine how well an advert has worked for you or other users and whether the goals of the advertising were reached. For instance, whether you saw an ad, whether you clicked on it, whether it led you to buy a product or visit a website, etc. This is very helpful to understand the relevance of advertising campaigns.
View Illustrations
Object to Legitimate Interests
Remove Objection
Measure content performance
1 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Information regarding which content is presented to you and how you interact with it can be used to determine whether the (non-advertising) content e.g. reached its intended audience and matched your interests. For instance, whether you read an article, watch a video, listen to a podcast or look at a product description, how long you spent on this service and the web pages you visit etc. This is very helpful to understand the relevance of (non-advertising) content that is shown to you.
View Illustrations
Object to Legitimate Interests
Remove Objection
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
3 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Reports can be generated based on the combination of data sets (like user profiles, statistics, market research, analytics data) regarding your interactions and those of other users with advertising or (non-advertising) content to identify common characteristics (for instance, to determine which target audiences are more receptive to an ad campaign or to certain contents).
View Illustrations
Object to Legitimate Interests
Remove Objection
Develop and improve services
3 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Information about your activity on this service, such as your interaction with ads or content, can be very helpful to improve products and services and to build new products and services based on user interactions, the type of audience, etc. This specific purpose does not include the development or improvement of user profiles and identifiers.
View Illustrations
Object to Legitimate Interests
Remove Objection
Use limited data to select content
1 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Content presented to you on this service can be based on limited data, such as the website or app you are using, your non-precise location, your device type, or which content you are (or have been) interacting with (for example, to limit the number of times a video or an article is presented to you).
View Illustrations
Object to Legitimate Interests
Remove Objection
List of IAB Vendors‎
Use precise geolocation data
With your acceptance, your precise location (within a radius of less than 500 metres) may be used in support of the purposes explained in this notice.
List of IAB Vendors‎
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
With your acceptance, certain characteristics specific to your device might be requested and used to distinguish it from other devices (such as the installed fonts or plugins, the resolution of your screen) in support of the purposes explained in this notice.
List of IAB Vendors‎
Always Active
Your data can be used to monitor for and prevent unusual and possibly fraudulent activity (for example, regarding advertising, ad clicks by bots), and ensure systems and processes work properly and securely. It can also be used to correct any problems you, the publisher or the advertiser may encounter in the delivery of content and ads and in your interaction with them.
List of IAB Vendors‎
| View Illustrations
Always Active
Certain information (like an IP address or device capabilities) is used to ensure the technical compatibility of the content or advertising, and to facilitate the transmission of the content or ad to your device.
List of IAB Vendors‎
| View Illustrations
Always Active
Information about your activity on this service may be matched and combined with other information relating to you and originating from various sources (for instance your activity on a separate online service, your use of a loyalty card in-store, or your answers to a survey), in support of the purposes explained in this notice.
List of IAB Vendors‎
Always Active
In support of the purposes explained in this notice, your device might be considered as likely linked to other devices that belong to you or your household (for instance because you are logged in to the same service on both your phone and your computer, or because you may use the same Internet connection on both devices).
List of IAB Vendors‎
Always Active
Your device might be distinguished from other devices based on information it automatically sends when accessing the Internet (for instance, the IP address of your Internet connection or the type of browser you are using) in support of the purposes exposed in this notice.
List of IAB Vendors‎
Always Active
The choices you make regarding the purposes and entities listed in this notice are saved and made available to those entities in the form of digital signals (such as a string of characters). This is necessary in order to enable both this service and those entities to respect such choices.
List of IAB Vendors‎
| View Illustrations
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Feedback
How would you rate your experience?
Hate
Love
Next
Sub-policy 3
https://www.alcomprinting.com/about-us/privacy-notice/:
Skip to main content
Industries
Financial Printing
Health Insurance Printing
Pharmaceutical & Healthcare
Solutions
Digital Printing
Sheetfed Offset Printing
Cold Set Web Printing
Wide-Format Printing
Direct Mail
Promotional Products
About
The Alcom Difference
Sustainability
Equipment List
Contact
Resources
Success Stories
Request For Quote
Search Alcom Printing
Privacy Policy
Alcom Printing Group
Thank you for visiting Alcom’s website. Your privacy is very important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.
Please read this privacy policy before using our site or submitting any personal information. By using the site, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy. You are encouraged to review the privacy policy whenever you visit our site to make sure you understand how any personal information you provide Alcom Printing Group will be used.
Please note that the privacy practices set forth in this privacy policy are for Alcom’s website only.
Collection of Information
We collect personally identifiable information, such as names, postal addresses, email addresses, etc., when voluntarily submitted by our visitors.
We may retain the email addresses and/or other contact information of those who contact us via email, survey responses, website forms, or through in-person events to be used to improve website content, and to notify users about updates to our web site and/or products and services.
To Unsubscribe From Our Communications
You may unsubscribe from our marketing communications by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link located on the bottom of our e-mails, updating your communication preferences, or by sending us email us at
help@alcomprinting.com
. Customers cannot opt out of receiving transactional emails related to their account with us.
Cookie/Tracking Technology
Alcom’s website may use cookie and tracking technology depending on the features offered. Overall, cookies help Alcom Printing Group provide you with a better website by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which pages you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of our website.
Distribution of Information
We do not share your email information, phone, address or other personal information with any outside organization or group.
Alcom Printing Group never uses or shares the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Commitment to Data Security
Your personally identifiable information is kept secure. Only authorized employees, agents and contractors (who have agreed to keep information secure and confidential) have access to this information. All emails and newsletters from Alcom allow you to opt out of further mailings.
Data Partners and Vendors
When you visit or log in to our website, cookies and similar technologies may be used by our online data partners or vendors to associate these activities with other personal information they or others have about you, including by association with your email or home address. We (or service providers on our behalf) may then send communications and marketing to these email or home addresses. You may opt out of receiving this advertising by visiting
https://app.retention.com/optout
.
Privacy Contact Information
If you have any questions, concerns, or comments about our privacy policy you may contact us using the information below:
Alcom Printing Group
140 Christopher Lane
Harleysville, PA 19438
We reserve the right to make changes to this policy. Any changes to this policy will be posted.
REQUEST A QUOTE TODAY
Let us help you take the next step toward bringing your brand to your customer and your project to life.
REQUEST A QUOTE
Sub-policy 4
https://www.qualtrics.com/privacy-statement/:
Skip to main content
QUALTRICS PRIVACY POLICY
SEE OUR PRIVACY SNAPSHOT
Qualtrics, the world’s No. 1 Experience Management (XM®) provider and creator of the XM category, is changing the way organizations manage and improve the four core experiences of business—customer, employee, product, and brand. Over 17,500 organizations around the world are using Qualtrics to listen, understand, and take action on experience data (X-data)—the beliefs, emotions, and intentions that tell you why things are happening, and what to do about it. The Qualtrics XM Platform® is a system of action that helps businesses attract customers who stay longer and buy more, engage employees who build a positive culture, develop breakthrough products people love, and build a brand people are passionate about. To learn more, please visit qualtrics.com.
Qualtrics’ data protection officer can be reached at privacy@qualtrics.com.
This Privacy Policy explains how we handle the personal information of business customer representatives, website visitors, and other users in connection with our websites and services.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to personal information that we process on behalf of our customers, such as information collected using the Qualtrics XM Platform®. We process that information as instructed by our customers, in our capacity as a service provider/data processor, in accordance with the terms of our customer agreements. Last Updated: 17 April, 2024.
Personal Information We Collect
Personal information you provide:
Contact details and account information
, such as your first and last name, organization name, mailing address, email address and phone number.
Financial and payment information
, such as your costs, sales, and royalty earnings, as well as your bank account, billing or other financial information, and transaction history, in order to facilitate payments to or by you.
Communications
that we exchange with you, such as when you contact us with questions, feedback or otherwise.
Marketing data
such as your preferences for receiving our marketing communications and details about your engagement with them.
Automatic data collection.
We, our service providers and our business partners may automatically log and combine information about you, your computer or mobile device, and your interaction over time with the services, online resources and our communications, including:
Device data
such as your computer’s or mobile device’s operating system type and version, manufacturer and model, browser type, screen resolution, device type (e.g., phone, tablet), IP address, unique identifiers (including identifiers used for advertising purposes), language settings and general location information such as city, state or geographic area.
Online activity data
such as pages or screens you viewed, how long you spent on a page or screen, the website you visited before browsing to the services, navigation paths between pages or screens, information about your activity on a page or screen, access times, duration of access and whether you have opened or otherwise engaged with our communications, such as our marketing emails or clicked links or files within them.
IP Address Collection.
When a Qualtrics’ customer sends a survey to an individual, Qualtrics may collect IP addresses from survey respondents. The purpose of collecting this information is to prevent and protect against fraud and malicious activity, and to ensure the security of the website, app or cloud service of Qualtrics.
Session Replay.
Qualtrics may capture data to create a replay of your sessions when you use the Qualtrics website. This technology will record how you interact with and use the Qualtrics website to help us understand how individuals use our website, to improve user experience, and improve our products and services. We will not capture IP addresses, and we mask your text input. No third parties are used in connection with session replay.
We collect this information using cookies and other similar technologies. For more information, please visit our
Cookie Statement
.
Information we obtain from other sources:
Social media information
. We may maintain pages on social media platforms, such as Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram. When you visit or interact with our pages on those platforms, you or the platforms may provide us with information through the platform.
Other sources
. We may obtain personal information from other third parties, such as marketing partners, publicly available sources and data providers.
Information we obtain from call recordings:
We may record and store certain telephone conversations as part of our operations and to ensure the quality of our services. These call recordings enable us to review and evaluate customer interactions, enhance customer support, and train our employees to provide better assistance. We may record the call, use technologies to create call scripts and analyze the call to create follow-up actions and/or gauge customer satisfaction and sentiment. These call recordings are primarily used for the following purposes:
Monitoring and improving the quality of our services
Resolving any disputes or inquiries
Training our employees to enhance customer support
Maintaining accurate and comprehensive records of your interactions with us
How We Use Personal Information
We use personal information for the following purposes or as otherwise described at the time of collection:
To provide our services
. We use personal information to operate, maintain, and provide you with our services, including to facilitate payments. In particular, we use personal information to perform our contractual obligations under our
Terms of Service
or other valid agreement between Qualtrics and your company.
To communicate with you about our services
. It is in our legitimate business interests to use personal information to respond to your requests, provide customer support, and communicate with you about our services, including by sending announcements, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages.
To improve, monitor, personalize, and protect our services
. It is in our legitimate business interests to improve and keep our services safe for our users, which includes:
understanding your needs and interests, and personalizing your experience with the services and our communications, including:
troubleshooting, testing and researching and keeping the services secure; and
investigating and protecting against fraudulent, harmful, unauthorized or illegal activity.
For research and development
. We may use personal information for research and development purposes in our legitimate business interests, including to analyze and improve the services and our business. As part of these activities, we may create or use aggregated, de-identified or other anonymized data from personal information we collect. We make personal information into anonymized data by removing information that makes the data personally identifiable to you. We may use this anonymized data and share it with third parties for our lawful business purposes, including to analyze and improve the services and promote our business. We do not attempt to reidentify anonymized data.
For marketing and advertising
. We, our service providers, and our third-party advertising partners may collect and use personal information for the following marketing and advertising purposes:
Direct marketing. We may send you direct marketing communications as permitted by law, including by email. You may opt out of our marketing communications as described in the Opt-out of marketing communications section below.
Interest-based advertising. We may engage third-party advertising companies, such as Google, to display our ads on their online services. We may also share information about our users with these companies to facilitate advertising for our services to them or similar users on other online platforms. For more information, or to understand your choices, please visit our
Cookie Statement
.
Except where consent is required, we undertake such marketing and advertising on the basis of our legitimate business interests. Where we seek your consent, you may withdraw your consent at any time.
For compliance and protection
. We may use personal information to comply with legal obligations and to defend ourselves against legal claims or disputes, including to:
protect our, your or others’ rights, privacy, safety or property (including by making and defending legal claims);
audit our internal processes for compliance with legal and contractual requirements and internal policies;
enforce the terms and conditions that govern the services;
prevent, identify, investigate and deter fraudulent, harmful, unauthorized, unethical or illegal activity, including cyberattacks and identity theft; and
comply with applicable laws, lawful requests and legal processes, such as to respond to subpoenas or requests from government authorities.
To train our artificial intelligence tools
. We may process personal information using artificial intelligence (AI) technologies including generative AI, and we use this information for training machine learning models, natural language processing, large-language models and other relevant AI use-cases.
How We Disclose Personal Information
We may disclose personal information to the following entities:
At your direction
. We may disclose personal information to third parties as directed by you.
Service providers
. Companies and individuals that provide services on our behalf or help us operate the services or our business (such as hosting, information technology, customer support, email delivery and website analytics services).
Professional advisors
. Professional advisors, such as lawyers, auditors, bankers and insurers, where necessary in the course of the professional services that they render to us.
Business transferees
. Acquirers and other relevant participants in business transactions (or negotiations for such transactions) involving a corporate divestiture, merger, consolidation, acquisition, reorganization, sale or other disposition of all or any portion of the business or assets of, or equity interests in, Qualtrics (including, in connection with a bankruptcy or similar proceedings).
Advertising partners
. Third-party advertising companies, including for the interest-based advertising purposes described above, may collect information on the website through cookies and other automated technologies.
Authorities and others
. Law enforcement, government authorities and private parties, as we believe in good faith to be necessary or appropriate for the compliance and protection purposes described above.
We do not sell personal information, nor have we done so in the preceding 12 months
. However, we do, and have in the past 12 months, shared certain personal information with advertising partners that display targeted advertisements to users around the web (as indicated in the Privacy Snapshot linked above). We do not have actual knowledge that we sell or share personal information of individuals under 16 years of age.
Privacy Rights and Choices
Opt-out of marketing communications.
You may opt out of marketing-related emails and other communications by using the unsubscribe link found at the bottom of any marketing emails you have received. If you’re still having trouble accessing the subscription center, contact success@qualtrics-marketing.com. Please note, you may continue to receive services-related and other non-marketing operational emails.
Online tracking opt-out.
You can opt out of certain first and third-party cookies as described in our Cookie Statement.
Personal information requests.
We also offer you choices that affect how we handle the personal information that we control. Depending on your location and the nature of your interactions with our services, you may be entitled to request the following in relation to personal information:
Information
about how we have collected, used and disclosed personal information. We have made this information available to you without having to request it by including it in this Privacy Policy.
Access
to a copy of the personal information that we have collected about you. Where applicable, we will provide the information in a portable, machine-readable, readily usable format.
Correction
of personal information that is inaccurate or out of date.
Deletion
of personal information that we no longer need to provide the services or for other lawful purposes.
Opt out of sharing of your personal information
with advertising partners that display targeted advertisements, as described in our
Cookie Statement
or by clicking Your Privacy Choices on the footer of our website.
Additional rights,
such as to
object
to and request that we
restrict
our use of personal information.
To exercise your data protection rights, other than to opt out of sharing with advertising partners, please complete this
Privacy Request Form
and fill out the relevant details to start the identity verification process. Alternatively, you can direct your request to privacy-dsr@qualtrics.com. To exercise your right to opt out of the sharing of your personal information with advertising partners, please click on Your Privacy Choices in the footer of our website.
When contacting us via the Privacy Request Form or email, please indicate the following details: your full name, your country and state of residence and the right(s) you wish to exercise. If you are located in the State of California, you can also call toll-free using the numbers provided
here
. Depending on where you reside, you may be entitled to empower an “authorized agent” to submit requests on your behalf. We will require authorized agents to confirm their identity and authority, in accordance with applicable laws. You are entitled to exercise the rights described above free from discrimination.
Limits on your privacy rights and choices.
In some instances, your choices may be limited, such as where fulfilling your request would impair the rights of others, our ability to provide a service you have requested, or our ability to comply with our legal obligations and enforce our legal rights. If you are not satisfied with how we address your request, you may submit a complaint by contacting us at privacy@qualtrics.com. Depending on where you reside, such as if you reside in the European Economic Area or United Kingdom, you may have the right to complain to a data protection regulator where you live or work, or where you feel a violation has occurred.
In addition, you may have the right to appeal our decision regarding a request related to these rights by contacting us at privacy@qualtrics.com. When you launch an appeal, we will need to collect information necessary to securely process your appeal.
Other Sites and Services
Our services may contain links to websites and other online services operated by third parties. In addition, our content may be integrated into web pages or other online services that are not associated with us. These links and integrations are not an endorsement of, or representation that we are affiliated with, any third party. We do not control websites or online services operated by third parties, and we are not responsible for their actions. This Privacy Policy does not apply to such third-party sites or services.
Security
We use reasonable organizational, technical and administrative measures designed to protect against unauthorized access, misuse, loss, disclosure, alteration and destruction of personal information we maintain. Unfortunately, data transmission over the Internet cannot be guaranteed as completely secure. Therefore, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of personal information.
Children’s Privacy
Our services are not intended for use by children under 16 years of age or the equivalent minimum age in the relevant jurisdiction. If we learn that we have collected personal information through the services from a child under 16 without the consent of the child’s parent or guardian as required by law, we will take commercially reasonable steps to delete it.
International Data Transfers
We may transfer personal information to our affiliates and third parties, including service providers, in jurisdictions other than the jurisdiction you are located in. Please note that such jurisdictions may not provide the same protections as the data protection laws in the country where you reside.
When we engage in cross-border data transfers, we will ensure that relevant safeguards are in place to afford adequate protection for personal information and we will comply with applicable data protection laws, in particular by relying on an EU Commission or UK government adequacy decision or on contractual protections for the transfer of personal information, including the EU Standard Contractual Clauses.
Retention of Personal Information
Where required under applicable laws, we retain personal information only for as long as is necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected and processed, in accordance with our retention policies, and in accordance with applicable laws and regulatory obligations or until you withdraw your consent (where applicable).
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal information, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of personal information, the purposes for which we use personal information and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal and regulatory requirements.
Job Applicants
When you visit the
Careers
portion of the website, when you apply for a role at Qualtrics, and/or when you interact with the Qualtrics recruitment team, we collect the information that you provide to us in connection with your job application. This includes but is not limited to business and personal contact information, professional credentials and skills, educational and work history and other information of the type that may be included in a resume. This may also include diversity information that you voluntarily provide. We will process such information in accordance with this entire Privacy Policy. In addition, we use this information on the basis of our legitimate business interests to facilitate our recruitment activities and process employment applications, such as by evaluating a job candidate for an employment activity, to monitor recruitment statistics and to respond to surveys. We may also use this information to provide improved administration of the services and as otherwise necessary (i) to comply with relevant laws or to respond to subpoenas or warrants served on us, (ii) to protect and defend ours or others’ rights or property, (iii) in connection with a legal investigation and (iv) to investigate or assist in preventing any violation or potential violation of the law, this Privacy Policy or our Terms of Use (or other valid agreement between Qualtrics and your company).
EU-US Data Privacy Framework, Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework, and the UK Extension to the EU-US Data Privacy Framework
Qualtrics LLC complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-US DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF (UK-US DPF), and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-US DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce (collectively, the DPF). Qualtrics LLC has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the DPF with regard to the processing of personal information received from the European Union, the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) and Switzerland in reliance on the DPF. While Qualtrics complies with the DPF, Qualtrics does not transfer personal data pursuant to the DPF and continues to rely on EU Commission or UK government adequacy decisions or on contractual protections for the transfer of personal information, including the EU Standard Contractual Clauses. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the DPF Principles, the DPF Principles shall govern to the extent applicable to the personal data at issue. To learn more about the DPF program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
. The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Qualtrics LLC’s compliance with the DPF. In accordance with the DPF, Qualtrics LLC is liable for onward transfers to third parties that process personal information in a way that does not follow the DPF unless Qualtrics LLC was not responsible for the event giving rise to any alleged damage.
Independent Recourse Mechanism
Qualtrics LLC commits to refer DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of personal information. If you have any inquiries or complaints about our handling of your personal information received in reliance on the DPF, or about our privacy practices generally, please contact us at: privacy@qualtrics.com. We will respond to your inquiry promptly.
If you have an unresolved complaint concerning our handling of personal information received in reliance on the DPF that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S. based independent third-party dispute resolution provider, the International Centre for Dispute Resolution – American Arbitration Association (ICDR-AAA) (free of charge) at
https://go.adr.org/dpf_irm.html
. If neither Qualtrics nor the ICDR-AAA resolves your complaint, you may, in certain cases, pursue binding arbitration through the DPF Panel. To learn more about the DPF Panel, visit here.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you and take any other steps required by applicable law.
How to Contact Us
Responsible entity.
Qualtrics, LLC is the entity responsible for the processing of personal information under this Privacy Policy (as a controller, where provided under applicable law).
Contact us.
If you have any questions or comments about this Policy or our privacy practices, please contact us by email at privacy@qualtrics.com or write to us at 333 W River Park Drive, Provo, Utah 84604, USA, marking for the attention of the Legal team.
EEA and UK Representative Contact Information.
For users in the EEA, we have appointed Qualtrics Ireland Limited, at One Clarendon Row, Dublin 2, Ireland, as our EU data representative, and QUL Technologies Limited, at 5 New Street Square, London, United Kingdom, EC4A 3TW as our UK data representative. You can contact our EU and UK representatives at the addresses above or alternatively at privacy@qualtrics.com.
Request Demo
First Name *
Please enter your first name.
Last Name *
Please enter your last name.
Company *
Please enter your company name.
Job Title *
Please enter your job title.
Business Email
*
Please enter a valid business email address.
Phone Number *
Please enter a valid phone number.
-- select an option --
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo, The Republic of the
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia
Curaçao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Côte d'Ivoire
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Eswatini
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Holy See (Vatican City State)
Honduras
Hong Kong, China
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao, China
Macedonia, North
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestine
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Romania
Russia, excluding Crimea
Rwanda
Réunion
Saint Barthélemy
Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin (French part)
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Sint Maarten (Dutch part)
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
South Korea
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan, China
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine, excluding Crimea
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela
Viet Nam
Virgin Islands, British
Virgin Islands, U.S.
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Åland Islands
;
Country *
Please select your country.
Please type your inquiry here...
By submitting this form, you agree to receive marketing information from Qualtrics as set out in our
Terms of Service
&
Privacy Statement
. You may unsubscribe at any time.
Yes, I would like to receive marketing communications regarding Qualtrics products, services, and events
Please indicate that you are willing to receive marketing communications.
By providing this information, you agree that we may process your personal data in accordance with our
Privacy Statement
By submitting I agree to Qualtrics'
Terms of Service
&
Privacy Statement
Submit
Request Demo
Step
/
2
*
First Name:
*
Alternate First Name:
*
Last Name:
*
Alternate Last Name:
*
Email Address:
*
Company Name:
*
Job Title:
*
Phone Number:
*
Country:
*
Num Employees:
*
Lead Comments:
*
Form Checkboxes:
*
Marketing Opt-In:
*
Privacy Opt-in:
*
Verified:
*
Job Level:
*
Partner Consent:
*
Salutation:
*
Job Function:
Submit
This site uses cookies and related technologies, as described in our privacy statement, for purposes that may include site operation, analytics, enhanced user experience, or advertising. You may choose to consent to our use of these technologies, or manage your own preferences.
Manage Cookie Preferences
Accept all & continue
Cookie Settings
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Social Media Cookies
These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content on your social media networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools.
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are visited most and least often and see how visitors move around the site. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. These are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalization. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-policy 5
https://www.surveymonkey.com/mp/legal/privacy/:
Overview
Terms of Use
Governing Services Agreement
Service-Specific Terms
Privacy Basics
Privacy Notice
1. Introduction
2. Personal Data we collect and the sources
3. How we use the Personal Data we collect
4. How we share or disclose Personal Data
5. Data Retention
6. Personalized marketing and cookies
7. Security
8. Minors
9. Data Transfers
10. Who is my data controller?
11. Your rights
12. Changes to our Privacy Notice
13. Information specific to other services
Cookies
Cookies Used on Survey Pages
Acceptable Uses Policy
Security
General
Print this Page
Privacy Notice
Versions:
December 5, 2024 (current)
November 7, 2024
July 15, 2024
February 15, 2024
November 1, 2023
September 22, 2023
August 1, 2023
June 15, 2023
October 10, 2022
August 16, 2021
July 1, 2021
November 2, 2020
August 6, 2020
July 7, 2020
November 20, 2019
September 26, 2019
January 2, 2019
April 11, 2018
LAST UPDATED: December 5, 2024
1. Introduction
1.1 Scope
This Privacy Notice applies to all the products, services, websites and apps offered by  SurveyMonkey Inc., SurveyMonkey Europe UC, SurveyMonkey Brasil Internet Ltda., SurveyMonkey Netherlands B.V., and other SurveyMonkey affiliates (collectively “SurveyMonkey”), except where otherwise noted. The services include SurveyMonkey, SurveyMonkey Apply, SurveyMonkey Audience, SurveyMonkey Rewards, SurveyMonkey Contribute, Wufoo, TechValidate, GetFeedback Direct, and GetFeedback Digital. We refer to those products, services, websites, and apps collectively as the “services” in this Privacy Notice. Unless otherwise noted in your contract, our services are provided by SurveyMonkey Inc. inside of the United States, by SurveyMonkey Brasil Internet Ltda. inside of Brazil, and by SurveyMonkey Europe UC everywhere else.
US residents: Please visit our
Region Specific Privacy Notice
for more information on our privacy practices specific to individual states.
This Privacy Notice does not apply to personal information we collect from our employees or job applicants in their capacity as employees or candidates. Employees and candidates should refer to our Employee Privacy Notice or
Candidate Privacy Notice
, respectively.
1.2
Quick Links
If you want to identify your data controller please see the “
Who is my data controller?
” section below.
For a quick snapshot of how SurveyMonkey treats personal information see our
Privacy Basics
.
2. Personal Data we collect and the sources
2.1 What do we mean by 'Personal Data'?
References in this Privacy Notice to data, personal information, or information, are all references to Personal Data. Personal Data means information relating to a living individual (a "Data Subject") who is, or can be, reasonably identified from the information, either alone or in conjunction with other information.
2.2 Who do we collect data about?
We group consumers or businesses into the following categories:
Creator
: the business or consumer that holds an account within a SurveyMonkey service that either directly creates surveys, forms, applications, or questionnaires or that can collaborate, commenting, or review surveys, forms, applications, or questionnaires within an account.
Respondent
: the individual that receives a survey, form, application, or questionnaire powered by a SurveyMonkey service.
Panelist
: the individual that uses Contribute or Rewards to take surveys sent by SurveyMonkey on behalf of Creators, or an individual that receives surveys through a third party panel provider. Privacy information specific to panelists can be found in our
Contribute Privacy Notice
,
Rewards Privacy Notice
, and
Third Party Panel Privacy Notice
.
Visitor
: you are just visiting one of our websites because you are curious,  have been invited to review a survey as a guest, or you have heard about us from our marketing and sales channels!
2.3 Types of Personal Data We Collect
(a) Contact information.
You might provide us with your contact information (for example: name or email address), whether through use of our services, a form on our website, an interaction with our sales or customer support team, or a response to one of SurveyMonkey’s own surveys or forms.
(b) Cookie information.
We use first party and third party cookies and tracking services that employ cookies and page tags (also known as
web beacons
) to collect data about visitors to our websites. This data includes usage and user statistics. Emails sent by SurveyMonkey or by users through our services also include page tags that allow the sender to collect information about who opened those emails and clicked on links in them. We provide more information on cookies in our
Cookies Notice.
(c) Customer support information.
We collect information submitted through our Customer Support portal, such as name, email, and message text. We also record the content of Customer Support, Customer Success, and Sales calls.
(d) Usage information.
We collect usage information about you whenever you interact with our websites and services. This includes which webpages you visit, what you click on, when you perform those actions, what language preference you have, what you buy and so on.
(e) Device and browser data.
We collect information from the device and application you use to access our services. Device data mainly means your IP address, operating system version, device type, device ID/MAC address, system and performance information, browser type, and other device, network and browser signals. If you are on a mobile device we also collect the UUID for that device. We also infer your geographic location based on your IP address.
(f) Event data.
Like most websites today, our web servers keep log files that record data each time a device accesses those servers. The log files contain data about the nature of each access, including originating IP addresses, internet service providers, the files viewed on our site (e.g., HTML pages, graphics, etc.), operating system versions, device type and timestamps.
(g) Referral information.
If you arrive at a SurveyMonkey website from an external source (such as a link on another website or in an email) or have been invited to review a survey as a guest, we record information about the source that referred you to us.
(h) Integration data.
We collect information from third parties with whom SurveyMonkey enables integrations in order to allow you to use both services.
(i) Account information.
Registration information.
You need a SurveyMonkey account before you can use SurveyMonkey services. When you register for an account, we collect your first and last name, username, password and email address.
Billing information.
If you make a payment to SurveyMonkey, we require you to provide your billing details, a name, address, email address and financial information corresponding to your selected method of payment (e.g., a credit card number and expiration date or a bank account number). If you provide a billing address, we will regard that as the location of the account holder to determine the SurveyMonkey entity with whom you contract and the sales tax, if applicable, to be applied to your purchase.
Account settings.
You can set various preferences and personal details on pages like your
account settings page
(or on your account settings page for our other products as applicable). These may include, for example, your default language, time zone and communication preferences (e.g., opting in or out of receiving marketing communications from SurveyMonkey).
(j) Address book information.
We may allow you to import email addresses and other contact information into an
Address Book
so you can easily invite people to take your surveys or fill in your form via our collectors. We do not use this data for our own purposes or to contact anyone, except at your direction.
(k) Survey/form/application data.
We store your survey/form/application data (questions and responses) for you and provide analysis tools for you to use with respect to this data.
(l) First party profile information.
When you sign up for our services you are asked to provide us with information about yourself and to give us more detailed insights into who you are. If you are in a SurveyMonkey Enterprise account this may include providing your photo so your administrator(s) and colleagues can identify you.
(m) Third party profile information.
We may combine information about you from third party sources (such as LinkedIn, ZoomInfo, and other data brokers) with information we hold about you to create a user profile.
3. How we use the Personal Data we collect
3.1 Creator
We process Personal Data about you as a Creator where:
You have consented;
We need to
f
ulfill our contractual responsibility;
We have a legitimate interes
t; and
We have a legal obligation.
3.1.1
Consent
We rely on your consent to process the following data elements:
(a)
Cookies and similar technology.
We or third party data and advertising platforms that we work with collect data from and advertising cookies, page tags, mobile identifiers and IP addresses. We use this data to infer users’ common identities across different services and multiple devices. We may do so, for instance, to tailor ads, personalize marketing, to enable us to determine the success of our advertising campaigns and to improve upon them. You can withdraw your consent at any time.
These third party data and advertising platforms may sometimes use data that we provide to them in order to improve their technologies and their ability to match common devices to users.
To learn more about interest-based advertising and how to opt-out of it, please see our
Cookies Notice
in Section 6. By clearing your cookies in your browser settings, you will no longer see personalized messages in this way but you continue to see ads over the internet that are not based on the information you provided to SurveyMonkey. Depending on your geographic location you can also withdraw your consent using our in-product cookie management tools.
(b) Contact information.
We use contact information to respond to your inquiries, send you information as part of the services, and send you marketing information. In jurisdictions where opt-in is required, we will only send you marketing materials based on your consent.
3.1.2
Contract
We collect and use the following data elements on the basis that we have to use this information in order to fulfill our contract with you:
(a) Account information.
We need to use your account information to run your account, provide you with services, bill you for our services, resolve disputes such as chargebacks and refund requests, provide you with customer support, and contact you or your organization about your service or account. These communications are of a transactional nature (e.g., service-related announcements, billing-related matters, changes to our services or policies, a welcome email when you first register). You cannot opt out of these communications since they are required to provide our services to you.
We may also use billing information in aggregate to adjust or manage pricing at the individual level or across all service users.
(b) Customer support information.
We will use information submitted through our Customer Support emails, chats, or phone calls, such as name, email, and message content, in order to provide you with customer support.
(c) Usage information.
We use data about how you use our services and how our services are performing to ensure that we’re meeting our service-level agreements (SLAs) or other contractual obligations to you.
(d) Device and browser data.
We use device data both to troubleshoot problems with our service and to make improvements to it. We will also use this data to facilitate account verification and sign in and to enforce our password sharing and security policies. We collect this to help us improve your service experience through a specific device/browser by optimizing how the website looks in a particular browser, how your screen brightness affects your experience and to ensure the service operates optimally and as it should on different devices and browsers.
(e) Integration data.
We collect and use information from third parties and integration partners, where applicable to one of our services, to:
Ensure you can sign-up to our service from a third party integration like Facebook/LinkedIn/Microsoft/Google/SSO;
Ensure you can use our service in conjunction with other services.
See further information
here
on our API partners – for other SurveyMonkey services see below or on the website for that service.
(f) Survey questions and survey responses.
We use machine learning techniques on survey data in order to provide users with useful statistics and more relevant insights from the data they have collected using our services. For example, if you have used open text questions in a survey, our machine learning may provide you with useful insights into sentiment and/or the trends in responses to that question in our Analyze survey tool. You have a choice as regards whether or not to use some of these features. For further information see our Respondent Section.
(g) Aggregated or de-identified survey questions and responses.
We use aggregated or de-identified information to provide users with useful benchmarking statistics and more relevant insights from the data they have collected using our services.
We also use this data to enforce our agreements, where applicable.
3.1.3
Legitimate interests
We process your personal information in the following categories of data for legitimate interests pursued by us. We have undertaken to ensure that we place clear limitations on each of these uses so that your privacy is respected and only the information necessary to achieve these legitimate aims is used.
(a) Contact information.
Where consent is not required, we use contact information to send you marketing information based on our legitimate interests for as long as you do not opt out. You can opt out of marketing communications at any time by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link in emails or changing the relevant setting on your
My Account
page.
(b) Customer support information.
We may use information provided to our Customer Support, Customer Success, and Sales teams such as name, email, and message content to train machine learning models to better predict customer support question type, provide answers, generate insights about customer support trends, and to improve our Customer Support for you. This data is de-identified where possible.
(c) Usage information.
We use information about how you use our services to improve our services for you and all users and to make recommendations to you and your organization about our other services.
For example: We collect information about the types of surveys/forms/applications you create (e.g., HR surveys), the types of plans you purchase and your account transactional behavior to build a profile about you so as to help direct you and your organization to other relevant features and services we offer and to optimize user experience, for example by making recommendations to you or your organization.
We may also use usage information such as levels and nature of activity in your account and number of responses you are receiving to personalize the features and services we highlight for you and your organization in our Sites, improve user experience and to make recommendations to you and your organization about our services through our sales and marketing efforts.
(d) Event data.
We use events contained in log data for many different business purposes to include:
To create new services, features, content or make recommendations.
To track behavior at the aggregate/de-identified level to identify and understand trends in the various interactions with our services.
To fix bugs and troubleshoot product functionality.
To investigate security issues.
For example: Your IP address is used to determine where an unknown/unauthorized access may have occurred in your account (abuse monitoring).
(e) First party information.
We process other aspects of your account information (like the personal information you provide about your job, your job title, and your marketing preferences) as well as information obtained from public sources, to provide you with a personalized experience and relevant and useful marketing information as well as to make other product, feature and service recommendations to you and your organization to optimize the use of the services we offer (where permitted by law).
You can object to us using your information as described above but in some cases, our ability to fully and properly provide our services to you may be impacted if you do not want us to collect or use the above data. Furthermore, if you are a SurveyMonkey Enterprise account holder, your organization controls some of the data which you include in your profile and they can also edit or remove that information through the primary administrator(s) of that account.
(f) Third party information.
We combine information about you from third party sources (such as LinkedIn and ZoomInfo) with information we hold about you to create a user profile, which will help us to make our sales and marketing efforts more relevant to you and to personalize and improve your service experience.
(g) Referral information.
We use referral information to track the success of our integrations and referral processes.
(h) End page data.
If you use our survey tool, depending on the package you are on and the settings you have selected, your Respondents may reach the standard
survey end page
on completion of a survey. The end page is part of the SurveyMonkey website. We may include our own
research surveys
and polling on this end page. These surveys are optional for any Respondent to take or skip.
(i) De-identified Device Data.
We use aggregated or de-identified Device Data to extract usage patterns and to improve our services.
(j) De-identified Survey Data.
We use machine learning techniques on aggregated or de-identified survey questions and responses to understand usage and improve our services.
3.1.4
Legal obligation.
(a)
To respond to legal requests, we may need to use and disclose information we hold about you. If we receive a subpoena or other legal request, we may need to inspect the data we hold to determine how to respond.
(b)
We may also use usage data, event data, and aggregated or (where possible) de-identified survey questions and responses:
To enforce our agreements where applicable;
To investigate security issues;
To prevent or address potentially unlawful activities; and
To screen for and prevent undesirable or abusive activity. For example, we have automated systems that screen content for phishing activities, spam, and fraud under our
Acceptable Uses Policy
.
3.2 Respondent
We process Personal Data about you as a Respondent where:
We need to fulfill our contractual responsibility to deliver the services to the Creator of the survey;
We have a legitimate interest; and
We have a legal obligation.
3.2.1
Contract
(a) Contact information.
We only use contact information to respond to an inquiry on behalf of a Customer if you, as a Respondent, contact us.
(b) Cookies.
We use required cookies to ensure the operation of a Creator’s survey, form, application, or other SurveyMonkey product. These cookies are used to ensure that all aspects of the survey operate appropriately and optimally. For more information please read our
Cookies section below
and our
Respondent Cookies Notice
.
Examples: We use page tags to allow the email sender (for a survey or form for example) to measure the performance of email messaging and to learn how to improve email deliverability and open rates. We also use cookies to ensure a respondent can only take a survey once (where the Creator has set this function) and to track completion rates of surveys.
After completion of a survey, in most cases, you will be redirected to our website and treated as a website visitor where other cookies may be used so you should read our Website Visitor section if this is of interest to you.
(c) Device and browser data.
We use device data both to troubleshoot problems with our service and to make improvements to it.
We use your device and browser data to provide our services to the Creator. For example: your IP address is used to ensure that you do not complete the same survey, form, application or questionnaire twice if the creator has included settings to avoid this (ballot stuffing).
(d) Inferred geographic location.
We also may infer your geographic location based on your IP address. This allows Creators to filter responses by inferred geographic location. Note: we do not collect precise (GPS) location.
(e) Event data.
We use event data for many different business purposes including the following:
To create and improve services, features, content or make recommendations;
To track behavior at the aggregate/de-identified level to identify and understand trends in the various interactions with our services; and
To fix bugs and troubleshoot product functionality.
(f) Third parties and integration data.
We will collect and use information from third parties and integration partners to facilitate Creators in sending surveys/forms/applications/questionnaires to you.
(g) Survey response data.
SurveyMonkey may use first party machine learning or third party artificial intelligence tools on data around the type of survey the Creator has sent you, the question type, survey responses (at an aggregated and de-identified/pseudonymized level only), and device and event data associated with responses to  fulfill our contract with Creators and provide Creators with useful and relevant insights from the data they have collected using our services. Specifically, we use machine learning on survey data to help Creators by:
identifying trends in their responses;
ongoing training of models to optimize responses;
making product recommendations and providing guidance on which products and services work best in different scenarios (For an example of this check out how SurveyMonkey Genius works here);
Extracting and analyzing usage patterns, for example, we might identify when respondents prefer multiple choice versus open text questions and make predictive response suggestions when certain question types are selected. We might also use this data to help improve analysis of responses;
undertaking personalization for survey Creators;
improving user experience (for example, by collecting and using device and browser information from Respondents to improve how our survey service operates on those devices and in those browsers or by altering questions to match the responses being provided by a Respondent); and
identify insightful data trends (which do not disclose Personal Data) and make recommendations to Creators based on those trends.
A Creator has some controls over how we use responses and may have opted-out of applying machine learning to responses where it is
linked to a specific product feature
in some cases.
3.2.2
Legitimate Interest
s
We process your personal information in the following categories of data for legitimate interests pursued by us. We have undertaken to ensure that we place clear limitations on each of these uses so that your privacy is respected and only the information necessary to achieve these legitimate aims is used.
(a) Usage information.
We use information about how you use our services to improve our services for you and all users and to make recommendations to our customers about usage of our services.
For example: We collect information about the types of questions you answer. This data will be aggregated and/or de-identified where possible, so we can examine patterns in terms of respondent preferences when submitting responses. We collect and use all this data to help us improve our product so that questions are easier to answer and to help improve the completion rates on surveys/forms.
We will also use information such as the type of survey, form, questionnaire or application that you answered to personalize products we show you on completion of a survey and to understand trends in our service adoption. See more about
Customizing Survey End Page here
).
(b) Responses (in aggregated and/or de-identified form).
To build new product features.
(c) Inferred geographic location.
We may infer your geographic location based on your IP address to produce aggregated data around Respondent location trends. We will use this information to compare and look at trends on how our service operates and how you interact with surveys, on different browsers and devices. Note: we do not collect precise (GPS) location.
(d) Email address.
Depending on your geographic location, we may share your email address in hashed form with marketing vendors to present personalized advertisements such as display, videos, and content on the web or connected devices. You can opt out via
this portal
.
(e) Customer support information.
We may use information provided to our Customer Support, Customer Success, and Sales teams such as name, email, and message content to train machine learning models to better predict customer support question type, provide answers, generate insights about customer support trends, and to improve our Customer Support for our Customer. This data is de-identified where possible.
3.2.3
Legal obligation
(a)
To respond to legal requests, we may need to disclose information we hold about you. If we receive a subpoena or other legal request, we may need to inspect the data we hold to determine how to respond.
(b)
We may also use usage data, event data, and aggregated or de-identified survey questions and responses:
To enforce our agreements where applicable;
To investigate security issues;
To prevent or address potentially unlawful activities; and
To screen for and prevent undesirable or abusive activity . For example, we have automated systems that screen content for phishing activities, spam, and fraud under our
Acceptable Uses Policy
.
3.3 Visitor
We process Personal Data about you as a Visitor where:
You have consented;
We need to fulfill our contractual responsibility;
We have a legitimate interest; and
We have a legal obligation.
In some cases, as a former website visitor, we may not have any personal information about you (for example if you have not interacted with our site or have cleared your cookies).
3.3.1
Consent
When you have consented, we collect and use the following information about you:
(a) Contact Information.
We use contact information to respond to your inquiries or send you information about our services, either where you have agreed to this at the point of providing your information or where you operate in a business which may be interested in our services and for as long as you do not opt-out. opt-out of this marketing at any time.
(b) Cookies and similar technology.
We or third party data and advertising platforms that we work with may use or combine multiple technologies, such as non-required cookies, page tags, mobile identifiers and IP addresses to infer users’ common identities across different services and multiple devices such as tablets, browsers, and mobile phones. We may do so to tailor ads to users, personalize marketing, to enable us to determine the success of our advertising campaigns and to improve upon them. We use this data to personalize online marketing campaigns to be relevant to you and your interests in our services. You can withdraw your consent at any time on our Cookie Banner.
If you do not want SurveyMonkey to use this information to serve you targeted ads about our services, you may indicate your preferences at
https://www.aboutads.info
,
https://preferences-mgr.truste.com/
or, if you are located in the European Union, at
https://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
. You may continue to receive ads over the internet that are not based on information you provided to SurveyMonkey.
These third party data and advertising platforms may sometimes use data that we provide to them in order to improve their technologies and their ability to match common devices to users.
3.3.2
Contract
(a) Device and event data.
We use device data to fix bugs and troubleshoot problems with our service and to make improvements to it.
(b) Comments/Content.
Any comments or content linked to you which you share if you are a guest invited to collaborate on a survey.
3.3.3
Legitimate Interest
s
We also carry out the following processing for legitimate business interests pursued by us. We have undertaken to ensure that we place clear limitations on each of these uses so that your privacy is respected and only the information necessary to achieve these legitimate aims is used.
(a) Third party profile information.
Where permitted by law, we combine information about you from third party sources with information we hold about you to create a user profile, which will help us to make our sales and marketing efforts more relevant to you and to personalize and improve our marketing/sales campaigns and website experience
(b) Email address.
Depending on your geographic location, we may share your email address in hashed form with marketing vendors to present targeted and personalized marketing and sales information online. You can opt out via
this portal
.
(c) Usage information.
We use information about how you have interacted with our websites to improve our website services for you and all users. Some examples relevant to you:
Examples: We collect information about the webpages you have visited and your activity on our sites at an aggregate level. We collect this information so that we can track the most visited and most useful parts of our website to identify what are our most popular services.
(d) Event data.
We use event data for many different business purposes including the following:
To monitor abuse and troubleshoot;
To track your preferences and create new services, features, content or make recommendations personalized for you;
To track behavior at the aggregate/de-identified level to identify and understand trends in the various interactions with our services; and
To fix bugs and troubleshoot product functionality.
(e) Customer Support information.
We may use information provided to our Customer Support, Customer Success, and Sales teams such as name, email, and message content to train machine learning models to better predict customer support question type, provide answers, generate insights about customer support trends, and to improve our Customer Support. This data is de-identified where possible.
(f) Referral information.
We use referral information to track the success of our integrations and referral processes. For example, if you clicked on an advertisement for one of our brands, presented by one of our partners on the web, which brought you to one of our websites, we will record this information to help us track the success of advertising campaigns.
3.3.4
Legal obligation.
(a)
To respond to legal requests, we may need to disclose information we hold about you. If we receive a subpoena or other legal request, we may need to inspect the data we hold to determine how to respond.
(b)
We may also use event data:
To enforce our agreements where applicable;
To prevent potentially illegal activities; and
To screen for and prevent undesirable or abusive activity. For example, we have automated systems that screen content for phishing activities, spam, and fraud under our
Acceptable Uses Policy
.
4. How we share or disclose Personal Data
4.1 Information you share
Many of our services let you share information with others. Remember that when you share information publicly, it can be indexable by search engines. Our services provide you with different options on sharing and deleting your content but we cannot delete content from search engines so you need to be careful about information you make public.
4.2 Information we share
We do not share your information or data with third parties outside SurveyMonkey except in the following limited circumstances:
(a)
If you are a Creator that is part of a SurveyMonkey Enterprise or team plan, your account information and data will be shared with the primary administrator(s) and your survey data may also be visible to other members in your team with whom you share your surveys or with whom you collaborate. Your administrator(s) will be able to view your account data, change your passwords, suspend, transfer or terminate your account or restrict your settings. Please refer to your organization’s internal policies if you have questions about this.
(b)
If you are the primary administrator of a SurveyMonkey team plan, the team name and the domain of the email address on your account may be shared with an individual who has been invited to preview a survey created by one of the members of your team in order to facilitate their request to join the team. You can learn more about how to adjust Team Discovery settings
here.
(c)
If you are part of a SurveyMonkey Enterprise or team plan, your plan’s administrator(s) can transfer your survey questions and responses to, or share them with, other members in your team, including your plan’s administrator(s) themselves.  Your plan’s administrator(s) can also delete your survey questions and responses.  Your plan’s administrator(s) may also have the ability to make changes to any aspects of your survey questions and analysis.  Please refer to your organization’s internal policies if you have questions about this.
(d)
If your organization has purchased a SurveyMonkey Enterprise plan and you are using an email address on a domain owned by your employer or organization linked to your individual account, you may be asked to migrate to the SurveyMonkey Enterprise Account and your email address, name and account data will subsequently be visible to the primary administrator(s) for that account once you have been migrated. You may be notified in advance of this migration and given an opportunity to change the email address linked to your account if you are not using your account for business purposes.
(e)
To help us provide certain aspects of our services we use our affiliates and trusted key partners – in particular, we engage third parties to:
facilitate our collectors for sending surveys by email or text to Respondents. For email delivery, we use
SparkPost
and for text/SMS services we use
Twilio
. We share the relevant contact information for respondents (email address or phone number as applicable) with these third parties.
facilitate Creators in making
payments
.
to facilitate the delivery of certain features, for example if you use the “Create a survey using AI” we will send your survey prompts to our AI vendor. We recommend that you do not include Personal Data in these prompts but if you do they will be shared with the AI vendor.
to detect fraud (to include, for example, performing identify checks or verify malicious IPs).
deliver and help us track our marketing and advertising content.
help us track website conversion success metrics.
manage our sales and customer support services to you, including for resolving any disputes.
We enter into confidentiality and data processing terms with partners to ensure they comply with high levels of confidentiality and best practices in privacy and security standards and we regularly review these standards and practices. You can find more information in our
Subprocessor Statement
.
(f)
On your instructions, we share your information or data if you choose to use an integration in conjunction with SurveyMonkey services, to the extent necessary to facilitate that use. See further information
here
on our API partners.
(g)
We also may have to share information or data for the following purposes:
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request;
To enforce applicable policies, including investigation of potential violations;
To detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues;
To protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of our users, the public or to SurveyMonkey and/or as required or permitted by law; and
To facilitate a sale, merger or change in control of all or any part of our company or business or in preparation for any of these events.
5. Data retention
If you are a Creator, we generally do not delete the data in your account as long as your account is active – you are responsible for and control the time periods for which you retain this data. You can read about this
here
for account use. Here are some exceptions:
If you are a SurveyMonkey Basic (free) user on our platforms and you have not engaged with the service actively for some time, we reserve the right to delete your account and data in accordance with our data retention policy.
If you have exceeded your response limit as a SurveyMonkey Basic (free) account holder, we will delete the overages if you do not upgrade within a fixed timeframe.
We also encourage Creators to actively review their data retention practices in their account and take care to retain data only as long as is strictly necessary.
We also describe the expiry periods for cookies on our websites in our
Cookies Notice
.
6. Personalized marketing and cookies
We and our partners use cookies and similar technologies on our websites. For more information see our
Cookies Notice
. For information about cookies used in our surveys please see
Cookies used on Survey Pages
. If you are a customer of SurveyMonkey and separately use cookies or similar technologies in conjunction with any of our products and services, then you yourself will be responsible for complying with any laws related to the use of those technologies and this Privacy Notice is not applicable to that use by you.
You can also choose to remove or disable cookies via your
browser settings
and, depending on your geographic location you can withdraw consent to non-essential cookies using the in-product cookie preferences tool.
You can opt-out from direct marketing in your account and we provide opt-out options in all direct marketing emails. Finally, if you do not wish to see personalized marketing content on the web related to our service you can clear the cookies in your browser settings. See our Help Center article on how to do this
here
.
Depending on your geographic location, we may share your email address in hashed form with marketing vendors to present targeted and personalized marketing and sales information online. You can opt out via
this portal
.
7. Security
We have a security statement related to our self-serve businesses (SurveyMonkey and Wufoo) available to view
here
. For information about security related to our other business lines you can speak to a sales representative by completing the form
here
.
8. Safety of Minors
Our services (including creating and responding to surveys) are not intended for and may not be used by minors. “
Minors
” are individuals under the age of 16 (or under a higher age as provided in certain countries or territories). SurveyMonkey does not knowingly collect Personal Data from Minors or allow them to register. If it comes to our attention that we have collected Personal Data from a Minor, we may delete this information without notice. If you have reason to believe that this has occurred, please contact customer support.
9. Data Transfers
Your information and data may be processed in and transferred or disclosed in the United States and countries in which our affiliates are located and in which our service providers are located or have servers. You can view a list of these locations in our
EU Data Transfer Statement
. You can also read about data that is stored in our other data centers here in our
International Data Center Overview
. We ensure that the recipient of your Personal Data offers an adequate level of protection, for instance by entering into the appropriate back-to-back agreements with standard contractual clauses or other transfer mechanisms as approved by the European Commission or relevant data protection authority.
We have also provided a
help article
which answers some additional questions about data transfers to the US.
9.1
EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles.
SurveyMonkey Inc. has self-certified its compliance under the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, the UK Extension and the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles. SurveyMonkey Inc. is committed to subjecting all personal information received from the European Union (EU) member countries, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland to the Framework’s applicable Principles. SurveyMonkey Inc. has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. SurveyMonkey Inc. has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Notice and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework Program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
SurveyMonkey Inc. also complies with the onward transfer liability provisions of the DPF.
When SurveyMonkey Inc. receives personal information under the DPF and then transfers it to a third-party service provider acting as agent on SurveyMonkey Inc.'s behalf, SurveyMonkey Inc. has certain liability under the DPF if both (i) the agent processes the information in a manner inconsistent with the DPF and (ii) SurveyMonkey Inc. is responsible for the event giving rise to the damage. In certain situations, SurveyMonkey Inc. may be required to disclose Personal Data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
With respect to Personal Data received or transferred pursuant to the DPF, SurveyMonkey Inc. is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission.  Please contact SurveyMonkey Inc. as described in Section 11 below if you have any concerns or complaints of any nature. If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider, (free of charge) at
https://www.jamsadr.com/dpf-dispute-resolution
.
Under certain conditions, more fully described on the DPF website
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/How-to-Submit-a-Complaint-Relating-to-a-Participating-Organization-s-Compliance-with-the-DPF-Principles-dpf
, you may invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted.
10. Who is my data controller?
If you have provided survey responses, filled out a form, submitted an application, or provided website feedback to a Creator using SurveyMonkey services, that Creator is the controller of your data, and SurveyMonkey is the processor of that data.
For SurveyMonkey Enterprise account holders, your organization’s primary administrator controls some basic account level information which you input when setting up your account like name, email address, and profile photo.
If you have provided survey responses, filled out a form, submitted an application, or provided website feedback directly to SurveyMonkey, then SurveyMonkey is the controller and our use of that data is described by this Notice and in our
SurveyMonkey Research Privacy Notice
.
If you are a Creator and have received more responses than your plan allows (“overage data”), SurveyMonkey is the controller over the overage data until you change your plan type, or the overage data is deleted in accordance with section 12.4 of our
Terms of Use
or per the terms of your negotiated contract.
SurveyMonkey is a controller for the account-level data provided by its Creators and panelists from Contribute and Rewards. More information can be found in section 13.6 of this Privacy Notice.
11. Your rights
You may wish to exercise a right to obtain information about yourself or to correct, update or delete that information. For more information about these rights you can read about it
here
. Some of these rights may be subject to some exceptions or limitations in local law. Please note your rights and choices vary depending upon your location. We will take reasonable steps to verify your identity and we will respond to your request to exercise these rights within a reasonable time (and in all cases within 30 days of receiving a request) subject to the below for specific categories of person.
11.1
Apply Applicants
For SurveyMonkey Apply users please see
information on how to exercise your rights here
.
11. 2 Creator
Where you hold an account with any SurveyMonkey service, you are entitled to a copy of all Personal Data which we hold in relation to you. You also may be entitled to request that we restrict how we use your data or object to some aspect of our treatment of your data. You can access a lot of your data in your own account when you log in. If you want to exercise your rights, please contact us
here
.
Depending on your plan type, SurveyMonkey also enables you to export your own response data from our system in a variety of formats so that you can back it up or use it with other applications. Alternatively, for assistance in exporting or deleting responses, you can contact us.
11.3 Respondent
Where you have responded to a survey, form, questionnaire or application sent to you by a Creator using a SurveyMonkey service, you will need to reach out directly to that individual or organization to discuss managing, deleting, accessing, restricting access to or otherwise withdrawing consent for use of the information which you provided to them in your responses. SurveyMonkey does not control your response data and, accordingly, is not in a position to directly handle these requests in relation to that data. If you are having difficulties finding this Creator or if you have any other questions after reading this Privacy Notice, you can
contact us
through
our support team
and we will try our best to help you.
11.4 Panelist
If you have created a Rewards or Contribute account with us, you can request a copy of your Personal Data, delete your Personal Data, or correct it.
11.5 Visitor
Where you have visited our website and you want to exercise any of the above rights please contact our support team
here
. Alternatively, if your request is for the right to be forgotten as it relates only to our use of cookies you can achieve this by clearing the cookies in your browser settings. See our Help Center article describing how to do this
here
.
11.6 Authorized Agent
If you are a third party organization acting on behalf of a data subject (or class of data subjects) to exercise data subject rights, we do work with you. In this case:
We ask you to follow our process outlined in this Privacy Notice for security reasons so that we can independently verify the Creator (if it is a Creator) making any requests to exercise their rights.
Where applicable, we directly interact with a Creator’s registered email address, because we authenticate users with username and unique password and not with other identifying information (e.g., photo ID or similar).
Please do not share other forms of personal identification for data subjects with us when submitting requests.
11.7
Other rights and choices
For rights and choices specific to US consumers, please refer to our
Region Specific Privacy Notice
. Please note we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity and the authenticity of your request as described in that Notice.
11.8
Contact
Except as explicitly provided herein, please use the following contact information for privacy inquiries
SurveyMonkey Inc.
910 Park Pl, Suite 300
San Mateo, California 94403
United States
Or contact us
here
.
SurveyMonkey Europe UC
Ella House, Suite 40.4
40 Merrion Square East
Dublin 2
D02 NP96
Ireland
Or contact us
here
.
Data Protection Officer
: SurveyMonkey's Data Protection Officer is registered with the Irish Data Protection Commission.  Contact our DPO at
dpo@surveymonkey.com
.
Note that our contact form is the
best
way to make a rights request with us.
11.9
Complaints
If you are a resident in the European Union and you are dissatisfied with how we have managed a complaint you have submitted to us, you are entitled to contact your local data protection supervisory authority. As SurveyMonkey Europe UC operates its business in Ireland, it operates under the remit of the Irish Office of the Data Protection Commissioner (see:
IDPC Website
).
12. Changes to our Privacy Notice
We can make changes to the
Privacy Basics
and this Privacy Notice from time to time. We will identify the changes we have made on
this page
. In circumstances where a change will materially change the way in which we collect or use your personal information or data, we will send a notice of this change to all of our account holders.
13. Privacy information specific to other services
Although this Privacy Notice applies to all our Services, some information may be specific to individual Services. Please see below for more information
13.1
TechValidate
Our main Privacy Notice applies to our TechValidate users except where the Privacy Notice specifies a section that is only applicable to our survey tool.
13.1.1
TechFacts
TechFacts are published on an anonymous basis – that is, no Respondent Personal Information is displayed in a TechFact unless your Respondents authorize the use of their name and company affiliation. You are able to see the individual respondent’s identity in your account and, if you give a SurveyMonkey employee permission to view that response, then SurveyMonkey will also see this. However, we never publish or disseminate this information (unless you explicitly ask us to do so).
We assign a unique identification number to each TechFact. The ID will appear on each copy of the TechFact. Our site is designed so that visitors may look up and view TechFacts without the collection of any personal information (except for such visitor's internet protocol (IP) address).
13.2
SurveyMonkey Apply
SurveyMonkey Apply is an online application system that helps organizations collect applications, manage subscriptions and facilitate reviews. Our main Privacy Notice applies to
apply.surveymonkey.com
(“SurveyMonkey Apply”) except where the Privacy Notice specifies a section that is applicable only to our survey tool. Responses and Respondents in this section are intended as reference to applicants and their applications for the purposes of use of SurveyMonkey Apply.
When an applicant submits an application through SurveyMonkey Apply, their login information can be used for multiple applications across the SurveyMonkey Apply site.
If you have any questions about your personal information in the context of our SurveyMonkey Apply service, you can contact us
here
.
13.3
Wufoo
Our main Privacy Notice applies to our Wufoo users except where the Privacy Notice specifies a section that is only applicable to our survey tool.
13.3.1
Your control over your form data
We store your form data (form content and responses) for you. You have the following controls over your form data:
Download/backup your form data. We provide you with the ability to export, share and publish your form data in a variety of formats. This allows you to create your own backups or work with your data offline. See
here
for data exporting instructions.
Delete your form data. You can delete your form data (including parts of forms, entire forms, and responses to forms) through your account's user interface. See
here
for how to delete form entries.
Cancel your Wufoo account. You can cancel your Wufoo account at any time through your account management page. Any cancellation of your Wufoo account will result in the deletion of your account and all form data stored in it. This data cannot be recovered once your account is cancelled. Please be aware that we may for a time retain residual information in our backup and/or archival copies of our database for up to 90 days.
We would like to emphasize that we will not use your form data to compete with you, market to your clients, or contact them for any other means of profit. We will also not sell your form data to anyone.
13.4
GetFeedback Digital (formerly Usabilla)
Our main Privacy Notice applies to our GetFeedback Digital users, except where the Privacy Notice specifies a section that is only applicable to our survey tool, or information in this section distinguishes our treatment of data and information in the case of GetFeedback Digital’s service, in which case this Section takes precedence.
Information about GetFeedback Digital APIs is provided
here
.
Information about GetFeedback Digital partners is provided
here
.
We do not delete customer data unless the customer has instructed us to do so. You can delete your data at any time. You can also set a data retention period between 1-36 months after which data is automatically deleted.
Sentiment Analysis and other additional machine learning features are auto-implemented for all customer accounts and cannot be switched off. If you do not wish to collect sentiment on your response data you should avoid use of open text response questions.
To adjust your preferences and settings around data and information you must be logged into your account and/or can contact GetFeedback Digital’s team at privacy@getfeedback.com for assistance or you can read about this more
here
.
To exercise your data rights (as described in our main Privacy NoticeSection 14 above) you can use our
contact form
(please specify that this is a GetFeedback Digital request) or you can contact GetFeedback Digital’s team at privacy@getfeedback.com.
13.5
GetFeedback Direct
Our main Privacy Notice applies to our GetFeedback Direct users, except where the Privacy Notice specifies a section that is only applicable to our survey tool, or information in this section distinguishes our treatment of data and information in the case of GetFeedback Direct's service, in which case this section takes precedence. If you are part of any of our early adopter programs our main Privacy Notice will apply to you.
13.5.1
Sentiment Analysis
Sentiment Analysis and other additional machine learning features are auto-implemented for all customer accounts and cannot be switched off. If you do not wish to collect sentiment on your response data you should avoid use of open text response questions.
13.5.2
Salesforce
GetFeedback Direct is a Salesforce ISVforce partner. If you have created a GetFeedback Direct account, the registration information you provide will be disclosed to Salesforce.com, Inc. and will be used by Salesforce.com, Inc. pursuant to its privacy policy (see
Salesforce Privacy Policy
). More information about how to automate emails in GetFeedback Direct using Salesforce is available
here
. Information about displaying a Post Chat Survey in Salesforce Chat can be found
here
.
13.5.3
Suppression Lists
You can manage your suppression lists and map these to Salesforce so as to ensure you comply with unsubscribe requests from your Respondents by following the steps outlined
here
. For clarity, we are not responsible for how you manage your suppression lists.
13.5.4
Contact Us
To exercise your rights (as described in Section 11 of the Privacy Notice), please contact the GetFeedback Direct support team at
help@getfeedback.com
.
13.6
Audience
If you are a panelist using our Rewards or Contribute apps, please read the following notices as they apply to your use of those Services:
SurveyMonkey Contribute Privacy Notice
SurveyMonkey Rewards Privacy Notice
If you are a panelist responding to a SurveyMonkey survey through a third party, please read the following notice as it applies to your use of those Services:
Third Party Panel Privacy Notice
Sub-policy 6
https://www.broadcastmed.com/privacy-policy:
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: April 18, 2024
Introduction
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully so that you can understand how we treat and process your personal information. By using this website, you acknowledge and agree to be bound by the terms of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, then do not access or use this website.
All content available through BroadcastMed’s services and network, including but not limited to text, graphics, logos, icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads, data compilations, and software, is the property of BroadcastMed or its content suppliers and protected by the United States of America international copyright laws. BroadcastMed expressly reserves all intellectual property rights in all text, programs, products, processes, technology, content, and other materials which appear on this service. Access to this service does not confer and shall not be considered as conferring upon anyone any license under any of BroadcastMed’s or any third party's intellectual property rights.
The use of any content on BroadcastMed’s platform, network, or journals except as provided in these terms and conditions or with the express written consent of the content owner, is strictly prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to, the prohibition of reproducing, modifying, distributing, transmitting, republishing, displaying, or performing the content for public or commercial purposes, as well as the use of any such content on any other website, in a networked computer environment, or in any other medium for any purpose.
BroadcastMed reserves the right, in its sole discretion and without any obligation, to change the terms of this Privacy Policy at any time. If any of these changes reflect a substantial or material change to our Privacy Policy, we will provide a notice with a link to the updated Privacy Policy on the Sites. You are responsible for regularly reviewing this Privacy Policy for any such changes. Continued use of the Sites, including after any such changes have been posted, shall constitute your agreement to such changes.
Any client-based content sites (“Client Sites”) hosted by BroadcastMed service platforms (i.e. BroadcastMed’s Audience Engagement Portal and Live Event Platform, collectively the “Platforms”) are governed by the policies displayed on the applicable Client Sites in addition to this Privacy Policy as it pertains to the role of BroadcastMed acting as a data processor. The information and data of visitors, users and customers of Client Sites whose content is accessed through the Platforms, is not used by BroadcastMed for any purpose other than for the provisioning, maintenance, analytics and performance of the PRODUCTS AND SERVICES for the Client Sites as a data processor, and the applicable Client Site(s) is the owner and controller of any such information and data. At no time shall any user information or data of the visitors, users and customers of Client Sites which has been collected by BroadcastMed be shared, sold or used outside of the performance of its duties and obligations for the Client Sites and in the context of this section.
For All Other BroadcastMed Sites Visitors, Users and Customers
This Privacy Policy applies only to the visitors, users and customers of the Sites managed by BroadcastMed, excluding the Platforms, for the purposes of its own uses, for which BroadcastMed is the owner and controller of all collected user information and data.
Collected Information
Information Automatically Collected
Use of the Sites automatically enrolls specific information about your visit on our database servers. This information may not identify you personally, except in situations where you have logged into the Sites using provided login credentials. This information may include, but is not limited to, your IP address, browser and computer metadata, mobile device metadata, geo-location information, domain names, access times and other Navigational data (the pages which you visit within the Sites and referring website addresses, if applicable). This information may be used by BroadcastMed for the operation of the Sites, to maintain quality of the Sites and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Sites.
Information collected about Users may be used by us and our affiliates and partnering third-party companies to provide Users with the features of the website, to enable us to provide the products and services Users request, to personalize content and advertising, to send Users e-mail notifications about our content, services and products, for audits, to perform statistical analysis of User behavior in order to measure interest in the various areas of our website (such as for product and service development purposes), to enforce our Terms of Service and to inform advertisers as to how many Users have seen or clicked their advertising banners.
BroadcastMed may use cookies as a method of this information gathering and storage. Cookies are small files that your web browser places on your storage device for record-keeping purposes. Cookies may be used to track user trends and patterns, or to enhance your browsing experience by preventing you from having to re-enter your preferences on certain areas of the Sites when you have entered preference information before. You have the ability to accept or decline cookies at any time through your browser preference options, however, some functionality of the Sites may not work as intended with cookies disabled.
Information Used to Optimize Personalization
The use of BroadcastMed’s content by artificial intelligence systems, machine learning models, or any automated technology for the purposes of training, data mining, extraction, or reproduction without the express written consent of BroadcastMed is strictly prohibited. This includes scraping, data harvesting, creating derivative works, or any other form of unauthorized use or exploitation.
Information You Provide to Us
Any personal information provided either while on or through the Sites, through a BroadcastMed function, in responding via email, completing a survey in connection with a feature provided on the Sites, subscribing to newsletters, members only live or on-demand videos and RSS feeds, or participating in message boards, forums, feedback forms, CME testing and/or chat rooms, or otherwise engaging with content will be used to respond to your message and to help us provide you with the information that you request. BroadcastMed does not capture any such personal information without your knowledge or consent. This information may include, but is not limited to, demographics, first name, last name, address, telephone number(s), billing information and email address(es).
Any information which you choose to share through participation in message boards, forums and/or chat rooms (including Protected Health Information (“PHI”) and Personally Identifiable Information (“PII”)), is by design open to the public as these are public services not a private, secure service. Careful consideration should be used before disclosing any PHI or PII in any public forum. What you have written may be seen, disclosed to or collected by third parties and may be used by others.
Information Collected by Third Parties Not Acting on BroadcastMed’s Behalf
The inclusion of a link on our website does not imply endorsement of the linked site or service by BroadcastMed. Sponsors or advertisers on BroadcastMed may use their own cookies, Web Beacons or other online tracking technologies in the banner advertisements served on BroadcastMed and in emails, special promotions or newsletters we send you. Some advertisers use companies other than BroadcastMed to serve their ads and to monitor users' responses to ads, and these companies ("Ad Servers") may also collect Non-Personal Information through the use of cookies or Web Beacons on our Sites. In certain situations, information collection may be facilitated by momentarily directing your browser to the website of an Ad Server or other third-party acting on behalf of the sponsor, partner, or advertiser before re-directing your browser to its selected destination (e.g., back to BroadcastMed to show the ad, or to the advertiser's website); this re-direction process will not be apparent to you. Certain Ad Servers allow you to prevent them from collecting data through the use of cookies. In order to do so, you must opt-out of such data collection with each individual site. Currently, you can opt-out of cookies for several Ad Servers by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative gateway opt-out site. This website will also allow you to review the Ad Server's privacy policies.
Information Collected by Third-Party Content Providers
Certain information may be collected by third-party content providers that utilize the BroadcastMed platform. By choosing to opt-in, subscribe, submit, or otherwise transmit or grant permission to transmit information to these third-party content providers you agree that this will result in the transfer of personal information from BroadcastMed and/or oneself to the third-party content provider. Any information sent in this way is subject to the terms and conditions of the privacy policy of the third-party content provider. BroadcastMed is not responsible for information transferred in this manner.
How the Information is Used
BroadcastMed uses the information collected from you to provide the Sites, respond to you regarding the reason you contacted us and to provide, maintain, protect, and improve our services, programs, and activities, to develop new ones and to protect BroadcastMed, its affiliates, partners and visitors and customers. We may also use this information to offer you tailored content, send you emails, newsletters and other information. When you contact BroadcastMed, we may keep a record of your communication to help solve any issues you might be facing. We may use your email address or other contact information to keep you informed about our services, such as letting you know about upcoming news, changes or improvements.
When you opt-in to receive recurring informational or promotional newsletters via email the information you provided during that opt-in, such as your name, email address or phone number, BroadcastMed may use that information to send you emails and other communications.
We may use information collected from cookies and other technologies, like pixel tags and navigational data collection, to improve your user experience and the overall quality of our services. Navigational data that is collected is used for system management, to improve content for the Site, for market research purposes and to communicate information to visitors. We will not combine information from cookies, pixel tag navigational data with PII unless we have your opt-in consent.
As the systems, are by design, public, BroadcastMed cannot control and is not responsible for any use of the information you have written. Except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy, any information you submit will not be shared with, disclosed, or distributed to third parties, except where necessary to fulfill the underlying or associated services, or where required to do so by law. Otherwise, BroadcastMed will only use that personal information within its organization to respond to your specific request or email, to inform you of various programs, activities, or services and to fulfill service-related functions. BroadcastMed will store this personal information in its secure database and will take industry-appropriate measures to safeguard this information against unauthorized disclosure or use.
Use and Disclosure of Protected Health Information
Regardless of how information about you is gathered or used on the Sites, we have made reasonable efforts to conform with the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (“HIPAA”), which, among other things, protects the privacy of a person’s health history and current medical condition. Despite this effort, BroadcastMed is not a Covered Entity under HIPAA and is not responsible for any PHI that you may disclose, publish, or otherwise make available. BroadcastMed strongly discourages your use or publication of PHI and expressly prohibits using BroadcastMed’s Sites, PRODUCTS AND SERVICES or other technologies in doing so.
Except as otherwise stated, we may use your information to improve the content of the Sites, to customize the Sites to your preferences, to communicate information to you (if you have requested it), for our marketing and research purposes, and for the purposes specified in this Privacy Policy.
If you provide PHI via the Sites, we may combine such information with other actively collected information unless we specify otherwise at the point of collection. We will take reasonable measures to prevent PHI from being combined with passively collected information, unless you consent otherwise.
We may disclose your PHI to our associates worldwide that agree to treat it in accordance with this Privacy Policy. In addition, we may disclose your PHI to third parties, located in the United States and/or any other country, but only:
i. to contractors we use to support our business (e.g., fulfillment services, technical support, delivery services, and financial institutions), in which case we will require such third parties to agree to treat it in accordance with this Privacy Policy;
ii. in connection with the sale, assignment, or other transfer of the business of this site to which the information relates, in which case we will require any such buyer to agree to treat it in accordance with this Privacy Policy; or
iii. where required by applicable laws, court orders, or government regulations.
In addition, we will make full use of all information acquired through this site that is not in PHI form.
Access and Correction
To keep your PII accurate, current, and complete, please contact us as specified below. We will take reasonable steps to update, remove or correct PII in our possession that you have previously submitted via the Sites.
Notice to International Users
BroadcastMed processes PII on servers located in the United States (“US”). If you are a non-US user of the Sites, know that utilizing features of the Sites and providing BroadcastMed with personal data and information, you acknowledge and agree that your personal data may be processed for the purposes identified in this Privacy Policy. In addition, your personal data and information may be processed in the country in which it was collected and in other countries, including the US, where laws regarding processing of personal data and information may be less stringent than or otherwise differ from the laws of the country in which you reside or are located when using the Sites. By providing your personal data and information, you consent to such transfers.
Notice to California Users
California Privacy Rights
Under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), California residents have a right to request that we disclose the categories of personal information we have collected, used, disclosed, and sold. We call this a “categories” request. California residents also have the right to request that we disclose the specific pieces of personal information that we have collected about you, which we call a “specific pieces” request. These are referred to collectively as “Right to Know” requests under the CCPA. California residents also have a right to delete the personal information we’ve collected about them. The “Right to Delete” is subject to several legal exceptions, such as when we are required by another state or federal law to retain your information.
The CCPA provides California residents with the right to opt-out of the sale of their personal information. The CCPA defines a "sale" as disclosing or making available to a third-party personal information in exchange for monetary or other valuable consideration.
While we do not sell personal information for monetary value, we may disclose personal information to third parties, as described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, and that disclosure may be considered a “sale” of personal information under the CCPA. To direct us to stop the sale of your personal information if you are a California resident, click to email us at privacy@BroadcastMed.com. We do not sell personal information of minors who we know are under 16 years of age.
California residents have a right not to receive discriminatory treatment for the exercise of the privacy rights conferred by the CCPA. To protect against fraud, identity theft, and the unauthorized disclosure or deletion of personal information, we require that California residents submitting requests under the CCPA first verify their identity. This may include a combination of SMS (text message) verification, email verification, and one or more questions regarding the California resident’s particular interaction or transaction with our services. If the California resident fails to verify their request via these methods, or the information provided by the California residents otherwise does not match our existing records, we will deny the request.
Authorized Agent
A California residents may designate an authorized agent to make a request under the CCPA on the California resident’s behalf. If a California resident wishes to authorize another person to act as an authorized agent on the California resident’s behalf, the California residents must provide the authorized agent permission to do so. To help prevent fraudulent requests, we reserve the right to deny a request from an agent that does not submit proof that he or she has been authorized by the California resident to act on the resident’s behalf. As proof that the agent has been duly authorized by the California residents to submit a CCPA request, the agent will be required to upload either (1) power of attorney signed by the California resident, or (2) other signed permission from the California resident. Pursuant to California Probate Code Sections 4300 to 4310, if an agent provides power of attorney signed by the California resident (“principal”) that purports to give the agent authorization to submit the request on the principal’s behalf, we may require that the agent provide information reasonably necessary or appropriate to identify the agent and principal and to facilitate the request. This includes, but is not limited to, identification of the agent and principal and the current and permanent residence addresses of the principal. If the agent provides some other signed permission from the California resident, we may require that the resident (1) verify their identity directly with us through a combination of SMS (text message) verification, email verification, and one or more questions regarding the resident’s particular interaction or transaction with our dealership and (2) confirm that he or she provided the authorized agent permission to submit the request.
Children’s Privacy
The Sites provided by BroadcastMed is not directed at children under the age of 13. We operate the Sites in compliance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”) and will not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under 13. However, we will accept, store, and use data on minors as part of the contact information that is required in order to provide the underlying or associated services. You consent to the use of your minor children’s information when you input the information into our system. However, we may request the parent's consent in any way the law allows. For example, if the child's personal information will be used only by us, we may also ask for the parent's consent by email. If the child's personal information will be shared with a third-party, we may verify that the person providing consent is the parent by asking for proof of the relationship. Parents have the option to consent to the collection and use of their children's information without consenting to the disclosure of that information to third parties, except to the extent that disclosure of such information is a necessary part of the activity for which parental consent is given.
Opt-Out Policy
You have the option to opt out of being contacted by or receiving non-transactional information from BroadcastMed, its sponsors, affiliates and/or partners, and the option to choose how BroadcastMed uses your personal information. You may, at any time, also review, update, and correct your personal information. If you wish to exercise these options, please send an email with your request to
privacy@broadcastmed.com
.
Exceptions
BroadcastMed's obligations under this Privacy Policy do not apply to any information or data that: was known to the BroadcastMed prior to its gaining access to the information or data; is or becomes entirely in the public domain; is not uniquely identifiable as yours (i.e., PII); received lawfully from a third-party through no breach of any obligation of confidentiality owed to you; and/or created by BroadcastMed independently of its access to, or use of, your personal information.
Security
BroadcastMed has put in place written Information Technology Policies and Procedures in accordance with industry best practices to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access to systems, user data and information, to maintain data security and ensure correct use of the information we collect online. However, as no computing technology or Internet transmission can be guaranteed to be 100% secure or error-free, caution should be observed with regard to what information is transmitted to us, especially via insecure email. Additionally, where passwords, ID numbers, or other special access features are used on this site, it is your responsibility to safeguard and secure that information against loss, theft, or unintentional use.
Links to Other Websites
The Sites provided by BroadcastMed may include links to other websites. The inclusion of a link on the Sites does not imply endorsement of the linked site, service, or product. When following one of these links, once you leave the Sites, you are subject to the privacy policy of the new website.
DMD Healthcare Communications Network Privacy Statement
BroadcastMed participates in the DMD Healthcare Communication Network (the “Network”), and as such has implemented various technologies for universal registration/login among all Network member websites. These technologies are managed by DMD Marketing Corp. (“DMD”), and may involve the collection, receipt, and sharing of information with DMD, its clients and other Network members. If you would like to understand how BroadcastMed’s participation in the Network affects your privacy, please click here:
http://usersupport.dmdconnects.com/PrivacyPolicy.htm
.
Please note that the Network registration/login system may be different from the registration/login used by the Sites for other products and services. To the extent that anything in this privacy policy conflicts with the policy for the Network technologies, the conflict will be resolved in favor of the policy applicable to the Network technologies. Questions?
Please direct questions regarding this Privacy Policy or other practices of the Sites or underlying or associated services to BroadcastMed by using the contact information below:
BroadcastMed
400 N. Ashley Dr. Ste 2600
Tampa, Florida, 33602
Email:
privacy@broadcastmed.com
Sub-policy 7
https://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/about/legal/privacy-full.html:
Skip to content
Skip to search
Skip to footer
Cisco Online Privacy Statement
The Trust Center
Cisco is committed to maintaining strong protections for our customers, products and company. We believe in building and maintaining trust, reducing risk and simply doing what is right.
Learn more
Cisco Systems, Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively "Cisco") are committed to protecting your privacy and providing you with a positive experience when directly interacting with us (i.e., visiting Cisco offices, attending Cisco events and meetings, or calling customer support), engaging with our websites, and while using our products and services ("Solutions").
This Privacy Statement applies to direct interactions with us and Cisco websites and Solutions that link to or reference this Privacy Statement and describes how we handle Personal Data and the choices available to you regarding collection, use, access, and how to update and correct your Personal Data. Additional information on our Personal Data practices with respect to Cisco Solutions may be provided in Solution specific
privacy data sheets and maps
, offer descriptions, or other notices provided prior to or at the time of data collection. Certain Cisco interactions, websites and Solutions may have their own privacy documentation describing how we handle Personal Data for those interactions, websites or Solutions specifically. To the extent a specific notice for an interaction, website or Solution differs from this Privacy Statement, the specific notice will take precedent. If there is a difference in translated, non-English versions of this Privacy Statement, the U.S.-English version will take precedence.
What is Personal Data?
"Personal Data" is any information that can reasonably be used to identify an individual, or otherwise make an individual identifiable, and may include name, address, email address, phone number, login information (such as account number and password), social media account information, or payment card number.
The types of Personal Data we may process depend on the business context and the purposes for which it was collected. It may include:
Contact, subscription, and account, visit, and event registration details, as well as online identifiers
Login credentials where we require an account be made
Communications content (such as audio, video, text), social media and discussion forum, or other communications details when you interact with Cisco
Financial Information (such as bank account details or credit card information)
Details of an individual's business and other interests and opinions (such as information held in a customer relationship management database)
Information about the user and usage of our websites and Solutions, including System Information such as device identifiers and telemetry (such as IP or MAC address) when such data is linked or tied to a specific individual’s device
If we link other data with your Personal Data, we will treat that linked data as Personal Data.
Collection and use of your Personal Data
We may collect data, including Personal Data, about you as you interact with us, use our websites and Solutions and interact with us. We also acquire Personal Data from trusted third-party sources and engage third parties to collect Personal Data on our behalf, in accordance with applicable laws.
We may use your Personal Data for the purposes of operating and helping to ensure the security of our business; delivering, improving, and customizing our websites, Solutions and interactions with you; sending notices, marketing, and other communications; and for other legitimate purposes permitted by applicable law.
We collect Personal Data for a variety of business reasons, such as:
Customer relationship management and administration
Improving our visitor and customer interaction and engagement
Order processing, including billing and payment
Asset recovery and product returns and replacements
Creating and managing user accounts
Provisioning websites and Solutions and enabling the use of certain features
Analyzing, personalizing, improving accuracy, and enhancing user experience, communications, and interactions
Sending communications to you, including for marketing or customer satisfaction purposes, either directly from Cisco or from our partners
Managing communications preferences. You can modify your communication preferences at any time. See
Your choices and selecting your communication preferences
below
Contract performance, Solution delivery, and customer service
Managing job applications
Establishing and managing customer surveys and advisory councils/boards
Administering online education, testing, and certifications
Facilitating conferences, webinars, sweepstakes, giveaways, and other events
Protecting Cisco, our users, websites and Solutions, and others
If you choose to provide Cisco with a third party's Personal Data (such as name, email, and phone number), you represent that you have the third party's permission to do so. Examples include forwarding reference or marketing material to a friend or sending job referrals. Third parties may unsubscribe from any future communication following the link provided in the initial message or by submitting a
Privacy Request
.
In some instances, Cisco and the third parties we engage may automatically collect data through cookies, web logs, web beacons, and other similar applications. Please read the
Use of cookies and similar technologies
section below for more information.
Your privacy rights
We need your help to keep your Personal Data accurate and up to date. We provide options to access, correct, suppress, or delete your Personal Data:
You can view or edit your Cisco.com Personal Data and preferences online by using the
Cisco Profile Management Tool
.
When Cisco is acting as a
"data controller,"
you can exercise your rights of access and request corrections, suppression, objection, and deletion  under applicable data protection laws directly with Cisco as described in the specific website and Solution documentation or by submitting a request through the
Privacy Request form
.
When Cisco is acting as a
"data processor,"
and you wish to exercise your rights of access and request corrections, suppression, or deletion, Cisco will direct you to the data controller under the applicable data protection laws.
If you need additional assistance, or help with accessing, correcting, suppressing, or deleting your Personal Data, please feel free to
contact us
directly. We will respond to your request within 30 days or as appropriate under applicable data protection laws. If we are unable to honor your request or need more time, we will provide you with an explanation.
Your choices and selecting your communication preferences
We give you the option to receive a variety of information related to our business, programs, websites, and Solutions. You can manage your communication preferences at any time through the following methods:
By following the instructions included in each promotional email from us to unsubscribe from that mailing
By completing and submitting this
form
or by contacting us via mail at: Cisco Systems, Inc., Privacy Office, 170 West Tasman Dr., San Jose, CA 95134, USA. Please be sure to include your name, email address, the communication received, method of delivery (such as post, email, phone call, text), and any additional information about the material you no longer wish to receive.
For short message service (“SMS”) messages, reply "STOP," "END," or "QUIT" to the SMS text message you have received
These choices do not apply to service notifications or other required communications that are considered part of certain programs, websites, and Solutions which you may receive periodically unless you cancel or stop use in accordance with its terms and conditions. Your Personal Data may be disclosed to third parties (such as Cisco business partners or vendors) so that they may inform you about websites, programs, products, or services that may be of interest to you. To opt out of Cisco disclosing to third parties for their marketing purposes, please submit a
Privacy Request
.
By using or engaging with our websites or Solutions, or otherwise providing Personal Data to us or interacting with us, you agree that we may communicate with you regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use. For example, if we learn of a security system's breach, we may attempt to notify you by posting a notice on our websites, sending an email, or otherwise contacting you.
Disclosing your Personal Data
Personal Data may be processed by third parties for the purposes of operating our business; delivering, analyzing, improving, securing, and customizing our interactions, websites and Solutions; sending marketing and other communications related to our business; and for other legitimate purposes permitted by applicable law(s); or otherwise with your consent.
Personal Data may be disclosed in the following ways:
Within Cisco and any of our worldwide subsidiaries for the purposes of data processing, such as marketing, business operations, compliance, security, website or Solution functionality, or storage
With business partners, service vendors, authorized third-party agents, or contractors to provide a requested website, Solution, service, or transaction. Examples include processing of orders and credit card transactions, hosting websites, hosting seminar registration, assisting with sales-related efforts or pre/post-sales support, and providing customer support.
With Cisco business partners or vendors, so that they may share information with you about their products or services. To opt out of Cisco disclosing to third parties for their marketing purposes, please submit a
Privacy Request
.
With your permission, application usage and performance data with third-party app Developers to help support and improve the use and performance of their apps
In connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, consolidation or restructuring, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by or to another company
In response to a request for information by a competent authority or third party if we believe disclosure is in accordance with, or is otherwise required by, any applicable law, regulation, or legal process
With law enforcement officials, government authorities, or other third parties as necessary to comply with legal process or meet national security requirements; protect the rights, property, or safety of Cisco, our business partners, you, or others; or as otherwise required by applicable law
In aggregated, anonymized, and/or de-identified form that cannot reasonably be used to identify you
If we otherwise notify you and you consent to the disclosure
Security of your Personal Data
We take reasonable and appropriate steps to protect the Personal Data entrusted to us and treat it securely in accordance with this Privacy Statement. Cisco implements physical, technical, and organizational safeguards designed to protect your Personal Data from accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, and unauthorized disclosure or access. We also contractually require that our suppliers protect such information from accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure, or access.
Retention and disposal of Personal Data
We will retain your Personal Data as needed to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected. We will retain and use your Personal Data as necessary to comply with our business requirements and legal obligations, resolve disputes, protect our assets, and enforce our rights and agreements.
We will not retain Personal Data in identifiable form when the purpose(s) for which the Personal Data was collected have been achieved and there is no legal or business need to retain such Personal Data. Thereafter, the data will either be destroyed, deleted, anonymized, and/or removed from our systems.
Use of cookies and similar technologies
Cisco uses automatic data collection tools, such as cookies, embedded web links, pixels, tags, and web beacons. These tools collect certain standard information that your browser sends to us (such as Internet Protocol [IP] address, MAC address, clickstream behavior, and telemetry).
These tools help make your visit to our websites and Solutions easier, more efficient, and personalized. We also use the information to improve our websites and Solutions, provide greater service and value, better understand your potential interest in our websites and Solutions, and provide you with more relevant ads and other content.
We partner with third parties to display advertising on our website and to manage our advertising on other sites. Our third-party partners may use cookies or similar technologies to provide you with advertising based on your browsing activities and interests. Where this type of third party advertising is disabled, generic, non-personalized ads will continue to be displayed.
For more information, or if you would like to opt out of interest-based advertising, see
How Cisco Uses Automatic Data Collection Tools
.
To update your cookie preferences, click the “Cookies” or "Cookies / Do not sell or share my personal data" link at the bottom of any page on this website. Additionally, you may be able to use other tools to control cookies and similar technologies. For example, you may have controls in your internet browser to limit how the websites you visit are able to use cookies.
Please note that specific Cisco web properties may store or process data in different ways; therefore, you may need to repeat this process again for various reasons, including but not limited to:
If you have taken the action on one Cisco-owned domain (e.g., cisco.com) you may need to take action separately on another Cisco-owned domain (for a reference list of major Cisco-owned domains, please click here)
If you have chosen to use a browser that automatically clears cookies
If you clear your cookies in that browser in a particular browser Because your choice is specific to the applicable Cisco web property and/or to the specific device and browser you are using
You can always confirm your desired settings on a given Cisco web property by clicking the “Cookies” or "Cookies / Do not sell or share my personal data” in the footer of that page.
Automated decision-making
We process Personal Data using both manual and automated methods of processing. Automated methods are often used to assist our manual methods in accordance with applicable laws. Where an individual's rights and legitimate interests may be impacted by such automated decision-making, we will provide the impacted individual the opportunity to inquire about the decision or request manual review. Manual review may be conducted by Cisco employees or trusted third-party business partners working on Cisco's behalf.
Linked websites and third-party Apps
We may provide access or links to third-party websites, Apps, and services that are outside Cisco's control and governed by the respective third party’s privacy policy, not by this Privacy Statement. We encourage you to review the privacy statements posted on the websites you visit and in the applications you use.
Forums and chat rooms
If you participate in a discussion forum, local communities, or chat room on a Cisco website, you should be aware that the information you provide there (such as your public profile and comments) will be made broadly available to others and could be used to contact you, to send you unsolicited messages, or for purposes neither Cisco nor you have control over. Also, please recognize that individual forums and chat rooms may have additional rules and conditions. Cisco is not responsible for the Personal Data or any other information you choose to submit in these forums. To request removal of your Personal Data from our blog or community forum, please submit a
Privacy Request
. In some cases, we may not be able to remove all Personal Data and comments. In such cases, we will provide you with a response and explanation.
Children's privacy
Cisco encourages parents and guardians to take an active role in their children's online activities. Cisco does not knowingly collect Personal Data from children without appropriate parental or guardian consent. If you believe that we may have collected Personal Data from someone under the applicable age of consent in your country without proper consent, please let us know using the methods described in the
Questions, comments, and how to contact us
section and we will take appropriate measures to investigate and address the issue promptly.
International transfer, processing, and storage of Personal Data
As Cisco is a global organization, Personal Data may be transferred to Cisco in the United States of America, to any Cisco subsidiary worldwide, or to third parties and business partners as described above that are located in various jurisdictions around the world. Similarly, Personal Data may be accessed from countries where Cisco or its subsidiaries have operations. Cisco will transfer your Personal Data in accordance with approved transfer mechanisms as well as any applicable local legal requirements.
By interacting with us, using our websites and Solutions or providing any Personal Data to us, where applicable law permits, you acknowledge and accept the transfer, processing, and storage of such information outside of your country of residence where data protection standards may be different.
Cisco safeguards and enables the global transfer of Personal Data in a number of ways:
APEC Privacy Certification
Cisco's global privacy program, described in this Privacy Statement, complies with the Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) Cross-Border Privacy Rules system (CBPRs) and Privacy Recognition for Processors (PRP). The APEC CBPR system and PRP provides a framework for organizations to ensure protection of Personal Data transferred among participating APEC economies. More information about the APEC Privacy Framework, CBPRs, and PRP can be found on the
CBPRs site
. Our certification applies to our business processes across our global operations that process and transfer Personal Data to/from our affiliates around the world. To view our certifications, please see the
APEC CBPR System Directory
and the
APEC PRP Directory
.
For more information on the scope of our participation, or to
submit a privacy inquiry through BBB National Programs
, our Accountability Agent, please click on the official seal below:
EU Binding Corporate Rules—Controller
Cisco's global privacy program and policies have been approved by the Dutch, Polish, Spanish, and other relevant European privacy regulators as providing additional safeguards for the protection of privacy, fundamental rights, and freedoms of individuals for transfers of Personal Data protected under European law. Cisco's EU Binding Corporate Rules—Controller (EU BCR-C) provide that international transfers made worldwide by Cisco entities bound by these rules as a controller of European Personal Data benefit from appropriate safeguards.
A copy of our EU BCR-C can be found in our
Global Privacy Policy
. More information about EU BCRs can be found on the
European Commission site
.
EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, the U.K. Extension to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework
EU/U.K. (and Gibraltar)/Swiss - U.S. transfer of Personal Data
When we transfer Personal Data out of the European Union (“EU”), European Economic Area (“EEA”), the United Kingdom (“U.K.”)(and Gibraltar), and Switzerland to countries that do not benefit from an adequacy decision, we may rely on Standard Contractual Clauses, Binding Corporate Rules—Controller, or other legal transfer mechanisms with appropriate safeguards in place to protect Personal Data. Additionally, Cisco Systems, Inc. and its
U.S. based subsidiaries
(collectively "Cisco-U.S.") comply with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the U.K. Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) for transfers of Personal Data from the EU, EEA, U.K. (and Gibraltar), and Switzerland to the U.S.
Data Privacy Framework
Cisco-U.S. has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. DPF Principles with regards to the processing of Personal Data received from the EU and EEA in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the U.K. (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the U.K. Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Cisco-U.S. has also certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles with regards to the processing of Personal Data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Online Privacy Statement and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles, the U.K. Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF Principles, and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the DPF Principles shall govern. For more information about the DPF program, and to view our certification, please visit the
DPF Website
.
Pursuant to the DPF Principles, Cisco-U.S. commits to the following:
Cisco-U.S. is responsible for the processing of Personal Data it receives under the DPF, and subsequently may transfer it to third parties acting as agents on its behalf. Cisco-U.S. complies with the DPF Principles for all onward transfers of Personal Data from the EU, EEA, U.K. (and Gibraltar), and Switzerland (for examples of such transfers, see
Disclosing your Personal Data
), including the onward transfer liability provisions. In certain situations, Cisco-U.S. may be required to disclose Personal Data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. Further, Cisco-U.S. is committed to protecting Personal Data received from EU and EEA member countries, Switzerland, and the U.K. (and Gibraltar) (see
Collection and use of your Personal Data
for examples of the Personal Data Cisco processes when you use our websites and Solutions and interact with us) in accordance with the DPF's applicable Principles and to help ensure Personal Data collected from individuals is accessible to them as part of their individual rights when Cisco is the Controller of the Personal Data (see
Your privacy rights
). Furthermore, Cisco acknowledges the right of EU, EEA, U.K. (and Gibraltar), and Swiss individuals to request access to their data while it is in the U.S. and to correct, amend, and supplement inaccurate or incomplete data. Said individuals also have the right to request erasure of personal information that has been handled in violation of the DPF Principles. Subject individuals interested in accessing their data should see
Disclosing your Personal Data
for information on how to contact us, or submit a
Privacy Request online
.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF Principles, the U.K. Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF Principles, and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, Cisco-U.S. commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your Personal Data transferred to the U.S. pursuant to the DPF Principles. EU, EEA, U.K. (and Gibraltar), and Swiss individuals with DPF inquiries or complaints, or any questions or concerns regarding Cisco-U.S. processing or international transfer of their Personal Data should first contact Cisco-U.S. by submitting a
Privacy Request
online.
Cisco-U.S. has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the DPF Principles to a U.S.-based independent third-party dispute resolution mechanism, DPF Services, operated by BBB National Programs. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please visit
https://bbbprograms.org/programs/all-programs/dpf-consumers/ProcessForConsumers
for more information and to file a complaint. This service is provided free of charge to you.
If your DPF complaint cannot be resolved through the above channels, under certain conditions, you may invoke binding arbitration for some residual claims not resolved by other redress mechanisms. See
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/G-Arbitration-Procedures-dpf?tabset-35584=2
.
Cisco-U.S. is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission.
U.K. Binding Corporate Rules—Controller
Cisco's global privacy program and policies have been approved by U.K.’s Information Commissioner’s Office, as providing additional safeguards for the protection of privacy, fundamental rights, and freedoms of individuals for transfers of Personal Data protected under U.K. law. Cisco's U.K. Binding Corporate Rules—Controller (U.K. BCR-C) provide that international transfers made worldwide by Cisco entities bound by these rules as a controller of U.K. Personal Data benefit from appropriate safeguards.
A summary of our U.K. BCR-C can be found
here
. More information about U.K. BCRs can be found on the
U.K.’s Information Commissioner’s Office site.
Complaint resolution
Cisco commits to resolve complaints and concerns about your privacy and our collection and use of your Personal Data. If you have concerns or complaints about your privacy and our collection and use of your Personal Data, please contact us via the
Privacy Request Form
.
For complaints or concerns about your privacy and our collection or use of your Personal Data transferred to the U.S. pursuant to the DPF Principles, please see
Data Privacy Framework
.
Alternatively, you can contact the data protection supervisory authority in your jurisdiction for assistance. (Note, Cisco's main establishment in the EU is in the Netherlands. As such, our EU lead authority is the
Dutch Autoriteit Persoonsgegevens
.)
Your California privacy rights
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) / California Privacy Rights Act (CPRA)
For business purposes in the last 12 months, Cisco may have collected, used, and shared Personal Data about you as described in this Privacy Statement. Each category of data that may be used by Cisco or shared with third parties is categorically outlined in this Privacy Statement. Cisco does not sell Personal Data as the term “sell” is traditionally understood.
California residents (as well as those in jurisdictions with similar laws) have the right to ask Cisco not to “sell” or “share” certain Personal Data. For more information on how to make such a request, please see “Use of cookies and similar technologies” above or click the "Cookies / Do not sell or share my personal data" or “Cookies” link at the bottom of any page on this website. Please note that your choice is specific to the digital property you are visiting or website, the browser you are using, and to the device you are engaged with using. You will need to exercise your preferences specifically on each Cisco digital property that links to this Online Privacy Statement. California consumers have a right to: (1) request access, correction, and deletion of their Personal Data, (2) opt out of the sale or sharing of their Personal Data, and (3) not be discriminated against for exercising one of their California privacy rights. For more information on how to make a request to opt out of sharing certain Personal Data, please see “Use of cookies and similar technologies” above or click the “Cookies/Do not sell or share my personal data" or “Cookies” in the website footer. All individuals have the right to request access to and deletion of the information Cisco holds about them either online via the
Cisco Privacy Request Form
or by mail to Cisco Systems, Inc., Privacy Office, 170 West Tasman Dr., San Jose, CA 95134, USA.
In addition, California residents may also submit a request by calling direct 408-906-2726 or toll free 833-774-2726 (833-PRI-CSCO).
Cisco does not sell the Personal Data of California consumers.
Cisco does not discriminate against individuals for exercising their privacy rights.
View the
Cisco CCPA Metrics Report
.
California Shine the Light
Residents of the State of California, under California Civil Code § 1798.83, have the right to request from companies conducting business in California a list of all third parties to which the company has disclosed Personal Data during the preceding year for direct marketing purposes. Alternatively, the law provides that if the company has a privacy policy that gives either an opt out or opt in choice for use of your Personal Data by third parties (such as advertisers) for marketing purposes, the company may instead provide you with information on how to exercise your disclosure choice options.
Cisco has a comprehensive Privacy Statement and provides you with details on how you may either opt-out or opt-in to the use of your Personal Data by third parties for direct marketing purposes. Therefore, we are not required to maintain nor disclose a list of the third parties that received your Personal Data for marketing purposes during the preceding year.
Updates to this Cisco Privacy Statement
We may update this Privacy Statement from time to time. If we modify our Privacy Statement, we will post the revised version here with an updated revision date. If we make material changes to our Privacy Statement, we may also notify you by other means, such as by posting a notice on our websites or sending you a notification. By continuing to use our website after such revisions are in effect, you accept and agree to the revisions and to abide by them.
The Cisco Privacy Statement was revised and effective as of February 12, 2025.
Click
here
for the previous version of the Privacy Statement.
Questions, comments, and how to contact us
We value your opinion. Should you have questions or comments related to this Privacy Statement, please submit a
Privacy Request
or send mail to:
Chief Privacy Officer
Cisco Systems, Inc.
170 West Tasman Dr.
San Jose, CA 95134 USA
Americas Privacy Officer
Cisco Systems, Inc.
170 West Tasman Dr.
San Jose, CA 95134 USA
Europe, Middle East, and Africa (EMEA) Privacy Officer
Cisco Systems International BV
Haarlerbergweg 13-19,
1101 CH Amsterdam-Zuidoost, Netherlands
Asia Pacific, Japan, and China (APJC) Privacy Officer
Cisco Systems (USA) Pte Ltd
80 Pasir Panjang Road
Level 25, Maple Tree Business City 2,
Singapore 117372
Privacy Statement
Summary version
Select Language - English
Africa French - Français
Africa Portuguese - Português
Argentina - Español
Australia & New Zealand - English
Austria - Deutsch
Belgium & Luxembourg - English
Belgium & Luxembourg - Français
Belgium & Luxembourg - Nederlands
Bolivia - Español
Brazil - Português
Canada - English
Canada - Français
Chile - Español
Colombia - Español
Costa Rica - Español
Czech Republic - Czech
Denmark - Dansk
East Africa - English
Ecuador - Español
Egypt - English
Egypt - عربي
El Salvador - Español
France - Français
Germany - Deutsch
Guatemala - Español
Honduras - Español
Hong Kong - English
Hong Kong - 繁體中文
Hungary - Magyar
India - English
Indonesia - English
Israel - English
Italy - Italiano
Japan - 日本語
Korea - 한국어
Mainland China - 简体中文
Malaysia - English
Mexico - Español
Middle East - English
Middle East - عربي
Netherlands - Nederlands
Nicaragua - Español
North Africa - عربي
Norway - Norsk
Panama - Español
Paraguay - Español
Peru - Español
Philippines - English
Poland - Polski
Portugal - Português
Puerto Rico - Español
Romania - România
Singapore - English
South Africa - English
Spain - Español
Sweden - Svenska
Switzerland - Français
Switzerland - Deutsch
Taiwan - 繁體中文
Thailand - ภาษาไทย
The Caribbean - Español
Turkey - Türkiye
Ukraine - Українська
Ukraine - Російська
United Kingdom & Ireland - English
United States - English
Uruguay - Español
Venezuela - Español
Vietnam - Việt
West Africa - English
Select Language - English
Argentina - Español
Austria - Deutsch
Bolivia - Español
Brazil - Português
Bulgaria - Български
Canada - Français
Chile - Español
China - 简体中文
Costa Rica - Español
Croatia - Hrvatski
Czech Republic - Czech
Denmark - Dansk
Ecuador - Español
El Salvador - Español
Finnland - Suomi
France - Français
Germany - Deutsch
Greece - Ελληνικα
Guatemala - Español
Honduras - Español
Hungary - Magyar
Israel - עברית
Italy - Italiano
Japan - 日本語
Korea - 한국어
Latvia - Latvian
Lithuania - Lietuvių
Mexico - Español
Netherlands - Nederlands
Nicaragua - Español
Norway - Norsk
Panama - Español
Paraguay - Español
Peru - Español
Poland - Polski
Portugal - Português
Puerto Rico - Español
Romania - România
Serbia & Montenegro - Srpski
Slovakia - Slovensky
Spain - Español
Sweden - Svenska
Switzerland - Français
Switzerland - Deutsch
Taiwan - 繁體中文
Ukraine - Yкраїнська + Русский
United Kingdom - English
Uruguay - Español
Venezuela - Español
Vietnam - Việt
For information on additional Cisco offers, see the
Privacy Data Sheets
on the Cisco Trust Center.
How to Contact Us
Privacy Request Form
Mail: Cisco Systems, Inc.
Legal Department
170 West Tasman Dr.
San Jose, CA 95134 USA
Back to Top
Cookies allow us to optimise your use of our website. We also use third-party cookies for advertising and analytics. Please read our
Privacy Statement
and
Cookie Notice
for more information.
Manage cookie settings
Reject
Accept
Your opt out preference signal is honored.
Your Privacy
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Performance Cookies
Targeting Cookies
Functional Cookies
Social Media Cookies
Your Privacy
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. From the list on left, please choose whether this site may use Performance and/or Targeting Cookies. By selecting Strictly Necessary Cookies only, you are requesting Cisco not to sell or share your personal data. Note, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on the site and the services we are able to offer.
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms.    You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Vendor List
Always Active
Parent Company
OneTrust
Default Description
OneTrust LLC (OneTrust) is a provider of privacy management software platform. The company's platform supports organizations to adhere compliance with the data privacy, governance and security regulations across sectors and jurisdictions.
Performance Cookies
These cookies provide metrics related to the performance and usability of our site. They are primarily focused on gathering information about how you interact with our site, including: page load times, response times, error messages, and allowing a replay of a visitor’s interactions with our site, which enables us to review and analyze visitor behavior, helping to improve site usability and functionality. These cookies also allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Vendor List
Parent Company
Akamai Technologies, Inc.
Default Description
Akamai mPulse is a real user monitoring (RUM) solution that enables developers, admins, and performance engineers to easily see website performance problems and discover optimization opportunities.
Parent Company
FullStory, Inc.
Default Description
FullStory tells customers everything they need to know about their users digital experience.
Parent Company
Cloudflare Inc.
Default Description
Cloudflare’s global cloud platform delivers a range of network services to businesses of all sizes around the world—making them more secure while enhancing the performance and reliability of their critical Internet properties.
Parent Company
Adobe
Default Description
Adobe Audience Manager is Adobe's best-in-class data management platform.
Parent Company
Adobe
Default Description
Marketo develops and sells marketing automation software for account-based marketing and other marketing services and products including SEO and content creation.
Parent Company
Adobe
Default Description
Adobe Dynamic Tag Management (DTM) lets marketers quickly and easily manage tags and provides innovative tools for collecting and distributing data across digital marketing systems.
Parent Company
Salesforce.com, inc.
Default Description
Salesforce DMP, formerly Krux, strengthens consumer relationships across all touchpoints with its powerful data management platform.
Parent Company
Contentsquare
Parent Company
Google
Default Description
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic, currently as a platform inside the Google Marketing Platform brand.
Parent Company
Tealium Inc.
Default Description
Tealium sells enterprise tag management, an API hub, a customer data platform with machine learning, and data management products, allowing their customers to connect their data so they can connect with customers.
Parent Company
Oracle
Default Description
Oracle BlueKai Data Management Platform, formerly BlueKai, is a cloud-based data management platform that enables companies to personalize online, offline, and mobile marketing campaigns.
Parent Company
Qualtrics
Default Description
Qualtrics, creator of the customer experience management (XM) category, offers a system of action that helps businesses attract customers who stay longer and buy more, engage employees who build a positive culture, develop breakthrough products people love and build a brand people are passionate about.
Parent Company
Marketo/Adobe
Default Description
Bizible unifies behavioral and ad data with sales outcomes and machine learning, helping customers make the right marketing decisions.
Parent Company
Twitter Inc.
Default Description
Twitter is an American microblogging and social networking service on which users post and interact with messages known as "tweets". Registered users can post, like, and retweet tweets, but unregistered users can only read those that are publicly available.
Parent Company
Google
Default Description
Google Tag Manager is a tag management system (TMS) that allows you to quickly and easily update measurement codes and related code fragments collectively known as tags on your website or mobile app. Once the small segment of Tag Manager code has been added to your project, you can safely and easily deploy analytics and measurement tag configurations from a web-based user interface.
Parent Company
Apollo Global Management, Inc.
Default Description
Yahoo operates an online web portal intended to provide the latest news on finance, lifestyle, movies, celebrity, travel, and more.
Parent Company
Amplitude, Inc.
Default Description
Amplitude is the pioneer in digital optimization software.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites.    They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Vendor List
Parent Company
Amazon
Default Description
Sizmek Ad Suite gives customers creative control to engage audiences with relevant, impactful ads while centralizing cross-channel insights to aid in campaign optimization.
Parent Company
The Trade Desk
Default Description
The Trade Desk is a technology company that empowers buyers of advertising. Through its self-service, cloud-based platform, ad buyers can create, manage, and optimize more expressive data-driven digital advertising campaigns across ad formats, including display, video, audio, native and social, on a multitude of devices, including computers, mobile devices, and connected TV.
Parent Company
Microsoft
Default Description
LinkedIn is an American business and employment-oriented online service that operates via websites and mobile apps.
Parent Company
Google
Default Description
DoubleClick Digital Marketing (DDM) is an integrated ad technology platform owned by Google that enables advertisers to create and manage digital marketing campaigns.
Parent Company
MediaMath
Default Description
MediaMath is an independent advertising technology company for brands and agencies.
Parent Company
Sharethrough
Default Description
Sharethrough is one of the top global independent omnichannel ad exchanges.
Parent Company
Xandr Inc. (AT&T)
Default Description
A business unit within AT&T, Xandr powers a global marketplace for premium advertising.
Parent Company
Google
Default Description
Google AdSense is a program run by Google through which website publishers in the Google Network of content sites serve text, images, video, or interactive media advertisements that are targeted to the site content and audience.
Parent Company
PubMatic, Inc.
Default Description
PubMatic’s sell-side platform empowers the world’s leading digital content creators across the open internet to control access to their inventory and increase monetization by enabling marketers to drive return on investment and reach addressable audiences across ad formats and devices.
Parent Company
Adform
Default Description
Adform is a global, independent and fully integrated advertising platform built for modern marketing.
Parent Company
Amazon
Default Description
The Amazon Affiliate program, or Amazon Associates, is an affiliate marketing program.
Parent Company
Taboola
Default Description
Taboola is the world's leading discovery and native advertising platform that helps people explore what's interesting and new in the moment of next.
Parent Company
Magnite Inc.
Default Description
Rubicon Project was a technology company that pioneered the automation of digital advertising. In 2020, the company merged with Connected TV leader Telaria and became Magnite.
Parent Company
Microsoft
Default Description
Microsoft is a software corporation that develops, manufactures, licenses, supports, and sells a range of software products and services.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Vendor List
Parent Company
Prospect One
Default Description
jsDelivr is a public, open-source CDN (Content Delivery Network) focused on performance, reliability, and security. It is free to use for everyone, with no bandwidth limits.
Parent Company
Brightcove, Inc.
Default Description
Brightcove offers a robust video platform that allows individuals and businesses to share, stream and host.
Parent Company
Font Awesome
Default Description
Font Awesome is a font and icon toolkit based on CSS and Less.
Parent Company
Cloudflare Inc.
Default Description
unpkg is a fast, global content delivery network for everything on npm. Use it to quickly and easily load any file from any package using a URL.
Parent Company
HubSpot, Inc.
Default Description
HubSpot is a leading CRM platform that provides software and support to help companies grow better. The platform includes marketing, sales, service, operations, and website management products that start free and scale to meet our customers' needs at any stage of growth.
Parent Company
Stripe Inc.
Default Description
Stripe operates payment processing software for e-commerce websites.
Parent Company
GitHub, Inc.
Default Description
GitHub, Inc. is a provider of Internet hosting for software development and version control using Git. It offers the distributed version control and source code management functionality of Git, plus its own features.
Parent Company
Google
Default Description
For apps or sites, user-generated content is content that users contribute toward any app or site, visible to at least a subset of other users. User-generated content can include text, comments, images, video, profiles, usernames, votes, likes, hearts, or other media, for example.
Parent Company
Google
Default Description
Google APIs are application programming interfaces developed by Google which allow communication with Google Services and their integration to other services. Examples of these include Search, Gmail, Translate or Google Maps.
Parent Company
Cisco
Default Description
Cisco AppDynamics delivers full-stack observability that allows customers to see, understand, and optimize what happens inside and beyond their architecture.
Parent Company
Wistia, Inc.
Default Description
Wistia is a complete video hosting platform for better marketing.
Parent Company
Cisco Systems, Inc.
Default Description
Cisco's hardware, software, and service offerings are used to create the Internet solutions that make networks possible.
Parent Company
Zift Solutions
Default Description
Zift Solutions increases channel sales and boosts marketing impact by delivering a superior technology platform, strategic insight and global channel support.
Parent Company
Google
Default Description
reCAPTCHA uses an advanced risk analysis engine and adaptive challenges to keep malicious software from engaging in abusive activities on your website.
Parent Company
CentralNic
Default Description
The WHOIS Privacy protection service keeps your contact information private for a domain.
Parent Company
Apollo Global Management, Inc.
Default Description
Yahoo operates an online web portal intended to provide the latest news on finance, lifestyle, movies, celebrity, travel, and more.
Parent Company
Salesforce.com, inc.
Default Description
Salesforce unites customers' marketing, sales, commerce, service, and IT teams from anywhere with Customer 360 — one integrated CRM platform that powers our entire suite of connected apps.
Parent Company
Salesforce.com, inc.
Default Description
Salesforce unites customers' marketing, sales, commerce, service, and IT teams from anywhere with Customer 360 — one integrated CRM platform that powers our entire suite of connected apps.
Parent Company
jsDelivr
Default Description
BootstrapCDN is a public content delivery network.
Parent Company
Salesforce.com, inc.
Default Description
The Salesforce Commerce Cloud, formerly Demandware, powers enterprise cloud commerce for the world's most innovative brands, enabling unified, 1-to-1 experiences across all points of commerce including web, mobile, social and store.
Parent Company
Google
Default Description
Gstatic.com is a Web domain owned and used by Google for accessing the Gstatic server: a server where Google hosts its static content like CSS, images or JavaScript.
Social Media Cookies
These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit.    If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools.
Vendor List
Parent Company
Meta Platforms, Inc.
Default Description
Facebook is an online social media and social networking service owned by Meta Platforms.
Back Button
Cookie List
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
Switch Label
label
Switch Label
label
Switch Label
label
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Sub-policy 8
https://www.salesforce.com/company/privacy/:
Skip to content
See Privacy Statement
How we protect our Customer’s data as a Processor
Our cloud services are designed to help customers comply with privacy laws around the world. Discover more about our commitment to protecting customer data as a processor.
Global Privacy Resources for Salesforce Products
Data Processing Addendum
Data Processing Addendum FAQ
Data Transfer Mechanisms FAQ
Salesforce's Notice of Data Privacy Framework Certification
Trust and Compliance Documentation
Salesforce Audience Studio Privacy Policy
Salesforce's Notice of APEC CBPR and PRP Certifications
Salesforce's EU Processor Binding Corporate Rules
Salesforce's UK Processor Binding Corporate Rules
Salesforce Group Affiliates for UK Binding Corporate Rules for Processors
How we protect data as a Controller
We continuously monitor the global privacy landscape and adapt our privacy program accordingly. Discover more about our commitment to compliance with global privacy laws as a controller
Salesforce Candidate Privacy Statement
Salesforce Apps, Add-ins and Extensions Privacy Statement
Contact Information
To exercise your rights relating to your personal data, or if you have questions regarding our privacy practices, please fill out
this form
, or email us at
privacy@salesforce.com.
For more information about contacting us, see the “Contacting Us” section below.
Learn more
Important Information
Salesforce’s full Privacy Statement contains more information about Salesforce’s privacy practices.
Responsible Salesforce Entity
Salesforce, Inc. and/or its affiliated entities act as the controllers of your Personal Data and are responsible for its processing, unless expressly specified otherwise in our full Privacy Statement. For the avoidance of doubt, our Privacy Statement does not apply to the extent we process Personal Data in the role of a processor on behalf of our customers. A reference to “Salesforce,” “we,” “us” or the “Company” is a reference to Salesforce, Inc. and its affiliates involved in the processing activity. A list of Salesforce’s affiliates can be found in the List of Subsidiaries section of Salesforce’s most recent Form 10-K, available under the SEC Filings tab by selecting the “Annual Filings” filter on the page located here. Please see the "Contacting us" section, below, for our contact information and details of our Data Protection Officer (and in India, our Grievance Officer).
Purposes for which we process Personal Data
We collect and process Personal Data for a variety of purposes, including:
to provide our websites and social media branded pages;
to display personalized advertisements and content;
to manage event registrations and attendance (including ensuring the health and safety of our visitors and employees);
to send communications;
to handle contact and user support requests;
to provide and optimize the performance of our services;
to bill for our services and manage our accounts (including usage and licensing compliance);
to administer surveys and conduct research; and
to comply with our legal obligations.
For the list of purposes for which we Process your Personal Data, please see the full Privacy Statement.
We only collect and process your Personal Data to the extent it is necessary for fulfilling these purposes and where we can rely on a legal basis for such processing as set out in our full Privacy Statement. Where required, we will ask you for your prior consent to processing.
Please review the "What Personal Data do we collect?" and "Purposes for which we process Personal Data and the legal bases on which we rely" sections in our full Privacy Statement for further details. Also, please review the "How long do we keep your Personal Data?" section to learn how long we store your Personal Data.
Who do we share Personal Data with
We may share Personal Data with various parties, including:
Our contracted service providers that process Personal Data on our behalf for IT and system administration, credit card processing, research and analytics, marketing, customer support and data enrichment;
Affiliates within our current or future corporate group that process Personal Data for customer support, marketing, event management, technical operations and account management;
If you are using our services as an authorized user, with the Salesforce customer responsible for your access to the services for verifying your account, and reviewing compliance with our usage terms and policies;
Sponsors of events, webinar or contests for which you register;
Third-party networks and websites so that we can advertise on their platforms;
Specifically in relation to our AppExchange website, with our third-party partners who may contact you regarding their products or services; and
Professional advisers who provide consultancy, banking, legal, insurance and accounting services.
Please review the "Who do we share Personal Data with" section in our full Privacy Statement for the full list and more detailed information.
International transfer of Personal Data
Your Personal Data may be collected, transferred to and stored by us in the United States and by our affiliates and third parties (as disclosed in the full Privacy Statement) in other countries. Therefore, your Personal Data may be processed outside your  country or jurisdiction, including in places that may not provide the same level of protection. As described in the "International transfer of Personal Data" section of our full Privacy Statement, we have implemented safeguards to ensure an adequate level of protection where your Personal Data is transferred.
Data Transfer Mechanisms FAQ
Your rights relating to Personal Data
You have certain rights relating to your Personal Data, subject to local data protection laws. Depending on the applicable laws, these rights may include the right to:
Access your Personal Data held by us;
Know more about how we process your Personal Data;
Rectify inaccurate Personal Data and, taking into account the purpose of processing the Personal Data, ensure it is complete;
Erase or delete your Personal Data;
Restrict our processing of your Personal Data;
Transfer your Personal Data to another controller, to the extent possible;
Object to any processing of your Personal Data;
Opt out of certain disclosures of your Personal Data to third parties;
Know what categories of Personal Data are shared for delivering advertisements on non Salesforce websites, applications, and services and the categories of recipients of such Personal Data;
Opt out of the sharing of your Personal Data for delivering advertisements on non-Salesforce websites, applications, and services;
If you’re under the age of 16, or such other applicable age of consent for privacy purposes in relevant individual jurisdictions, opt in to certain disclosures of your Personal Data to third parties;
Not be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects;
Withdraw your consent at any time (to the extent we base processing on consent); and
Not be discriminated against for exercising your rights as described above.
For more details on your rights and choices and how to exercise them, please review the "Your rights relating to your Personal Data" section in our full Privacy Statement.
Contacting us
To exercise your rights relating to your Personal Data, or if you have questions regarding our privacy practices, please fill out
this form
, email us at
privacy@salesforce.com
or
datasubjectrequest@salesforce.com
, call us at tel:1-855-938-3410 or write to us at:
Salesforce Data Protection Officer (Salesforce Privacy Team) (and in India, a Grievance Officer)
415 Mission St., 3rd Floor
San Francisco, CA 94105, USA
When you contact us, please indicate in which country and/or state you reside.
If you believe that we have not been able to assist with your complaint or concern, and you are located in the EEA or the UK, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority. If you work or reside in a country that is a member of the European Union or that is in the EEA, you may find the contact details for your appropriate data protection authority on the
following website
.
Situations
Categories of Personal Data
If you express an interest in obtaining additional information about our services; request customer support (including accessing the Help & Training Portal); use our “Contact Us” or similar features; register to use our websites or to receive communications; sign up for an event, webinar or contest; participate in a program, training, certification or survey; use our products and services; download certain content; or are employed by a customer of our products and services where your information has been shared with us
Contact information, such as your name, job title, company name, address, phone number, email address, username and password, other information you have voluntarily chosen to share
If you make purchases via our websites or register for an event or webinar
Contact information, financial and billing information, such as billing name and address, credit card number or bank account information
If you attend an event
Attendee badge information which may include name, title, company name, address, country, phone number and email address, image and video
If you give your explicit consent and only for specified events, your biometric information, such as an image of your facial features for identification purposes
During the Covid-19 pandemic, this may also include health status, including your temperature, COVID-19-related symptoms, exposure to COVID-19 positive individuals, vaccination status, testing results, and recent travel history
If you register with us for a variety of purposes, including joining a community that we host or participating in a program, training or certification
Username, photo, video or other biographical information, such as your occupation, location, social media profiles or usernames, company name, areas of expertise and interests
If you interact with our websites or emails
Information about your device and your usage of our websites or emails (such as Internet Protocol (IP) addresses or other identifiers), which may qualify as Personal Data (please see Section 4 below) using cookies, web beacons, or similar technologies
If you use and interact with our products and services
Information about your device and your usage of our services through log files and other technologies, some of which may qualify as Personal Data (including Usage Data) (please see Section 4 below)
If you communicate with us via a phone call
Information such as your name, voice and any other Personal Data voluntarily share
If you visit our offices
Name, email address, phone number, company name, time and date of arrival, image or video
During the Covid-19 pandemic, this may also include health status, including your temperature, COVID-19-related symptoms, exposure to COVID-19 positive individuals, vaccination status, testing results, and recent travel history
If you voluntarily submit certain information to us, such as filling out a survey, responding to a questionnaire or participating in other forms of research
Information you have provided as part of that request, which may include Personal Data and special categories of Personal Data, to the extent you voluntarily choose to provide it
If you are a supplier or service provider to Salesforce (or work for a supplier or service provider)
Contact information, payment and billing information
If you provide us, our service providers or our affiliates with any Personal Data relating to other individuals, you represent that you have the authority to do so, and where required, have obtained the necessary consent, and acknowledge that it may be used in accordance with this Privacy Statement. If you believe that your Personal Data has been provided to us improperly, or want to exercise your rights relating to your Personal Data, please contact us by using the information in Section 13 below.
3.2 Personal Data we collect from other sources
We also collect information about you from other sources including partners from whom we collect or purchase Personal Data or who provide us with publicly available information which may contain Personal Data. We may combine this information with Personal Data provided by you.
Provision of the services:
The Personal Data we collect to provide our products and services may include information you have made publicly available online (such as when using social media sites) or that is published by third parties and contains information about you (such as news articles). For a select number of services, we collect this Personal Data from partners who may receive this data when you visit or use their services or through the third parties they work with.
In addition, the Personal Data we collect to provide our products and services may include location information from third parties, which helps us offer features like identity management and multi-factor authentication.
Advertising: The Personal Data we collect from other sources for the purposes of tailored advertising includes identifiers, professional or employment-related information, education information, commercial information, visual information, internet activity information, and inferences about preferences and behaviors. We, collect this from third party providers of business contact information, including mailing addresses, job titles, email addresses, phone numbers, intent data (or user behavior data), IP addresses, social media profiles, LinkedIn URLs and custom profiles for purposes of targeted advertising, delivering relevant email content, event promotion and profiling, determining eligibility and verifying contact information. This helps us update, expand, and analyze our records, identify new customers, and create more tailored advertising to provide services that may be of interest to you.
Additional sources: In addition to the aforementioned, we collect Personal Data from the following sources:
Another individual at your organization who may provide us with your personal information, which may include Personal Data and special categories of Personal Data, to the extent you consent to providing it and sharing it, for the purposes of obtaining services and assessing our goals related to encouraging diversity within our vendors; and
Platforms such as GitHub to manage code check-ins and pull requests. If you participate in an open-source or community development project, we may associate your code repository username with your community account so we can inform you of program changes that are important to your participation or relate to additional security requirements.
Only where necessary for security purposes, we may collect information that is publicly available online (such as accessible through search engines or public social media sites), as well as images, physical descriptions and other pertinent information necessary to address a credible security threat to our employees, events or premises.
Type of Cookies
Description
Managing Settings
Required cookies
Required cookies are necessary for basic website functionality. Some examples include: session cookies needed to transmit the website, authentication cookies, and security cookies.
If you have chosen to identify yourself to us, we may place on your browser a cookie that allows us to uniquely identify you when you are logged into the websites and to process your online transactions and requests.
Because required cookies are essential to operate the websites, there is no option to opt out of these cookies.
Functional cookies
Functional cookies enhance functions, performance, and services on the website. Some examples include: cookies used to analyze site traffic, cookies used for market research, and cookies used to display advertising that is not directed to a particular individual.
Functional cookies may also be used to improve how our websites function and to help us provide you with more relevant communications, including marketing communications. These cookies collect information about how our websites are used, including which pages are viewed most often.
We may use our own technology or third-party technology to track and analyze usage information to provide enhanced interactions and more relevant communications, and to track the performance of our advertisements.
Salesforce may also use HTML5 local storage or Flash cookies for the above-mentioned purposes. These technologies differ from browser cookies in the amount and type of data they store, and how they store it.
We need your prior consent to use functional cookies. To change your cookie settings and preferences, including those for functional cookies, click the Cookie Preferences link in the footer of the page.
To learn how to control functional cookies via your individual browser settings, click
here
.
To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies, click
here
.
Advertising cookies
Advertising cookies track activity across websites in order to understand a viewer’s interests and to direct marketing to them.
We sometimes use cookies delivered by us or by third parties to show you ads for our products that we think may interest you on devices you use and to track the performance of our advertisements. For example, these cookies collect information such as which browser you used when visiting our websites.
Salesforce also contracts with third-party advertising networks that collect IP addresses and other information from web beacons on our websites, from emails and on third-party websites. Advertising networks follow your online activities over time and across different websites or other online services by collecting certain data through automated means, including through the use of cookies. These technologies may recognize you across the different devices you use. When we work with third party advertising networks, we require them to restrict their data processing to only what is necessary to provide us with the advertising services we request.
We need your prior consent to use of targeting and advertising cookies. To change your cookie settings and preferences, including those for targeting and advertising cookies, click the Cookie Preferences link in the footer of the page.
See Section 4.3, below, to learn more about these and other advertising networks and your ability to opt out of collection by certain third parties.
For more information about Tableau and Slack’s use of cookies specifically, please see the
Tableau Cookie Policy
and the
Slack Cookie Policy
.
4.3 Notices on behavioral advertising and opt-out for website visitors
As described above, we or one of our authorized partners may place or read cookies on your device when you visit our websites for the purpose of serving you targeted advertising (also referred to as “online behavioral advertising” or “interest-based advertising”). To learn more about targeted advertising and advertising networks, please visit the opt-out pages of the Network Advertising Initiative,
here
, and the Digital Advertising Alliance,
here
. To opt-out of targeted advertising that is provided to us and to third parties by Salesforce Audience Studio, click
here
.
To manage the use of targeting and advertising cookies on this website, click the Cookie Preferences link in the footer of the page or consult your individual browser settings for cookies. To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies, click
here
. Various browsers may also offer their own management tools for removing HTML5 local storage.
4.4 Opt-Out from the setting of cookies on your individual browser
In addition to using the user preference center, in many cases you may opt-out from the collection of non-essential device data on your web browser (see Section 4.1 above) by managing your cookies at the browser or device level. In addition, if you wish to opt-out of interest-based advertising, click
here
(or, if located in the European Union or United Kingdom, click
here
). To opt-out of targeted advertising that is provided to us and to third parties by Salesforce Audience Studio, click
here
. Please note, however, that by blocking or deleting cookies and similar technologies used on our websites, you may not be able to take full advantage of the websites.
While some internet browsers offer a “do not track” or “DNT” option that lets you tell websites that you do not want to have your online activities tracked, these features are not yet uniform and there is no common standard adopted by industry groups, technology companies, or regulators. Therefore, we do not currently commit to responding to browsers’ DNT signals with respect to our websites. Salesforce takes privacy and meaningful choice seriously and will make efforts to continue to monitor developments around DNT browser technology and the implementation of a standard.
4.5 Social Media Features
Our websites may use social media features, such as the “Tweet” button and other sharing widgets (“Social Media Features”). Social Media Features may allow you to post information about your activities on our website to outside platforms and social networks. Social Media Features may also allow you to like or highlight information we have posted on our website or our branded social media pages. Social Media Features are either hosted by each respective platform or hosted directly on our website. To the extent the Social Media Features are hosted by the platforms themselves, and you click through to these from our websites, the platform may receive information showing that you have visited our websites. If you are logged in to your social media account, it is possible that the respective social media network can link your visit to our websites with your social media profile.
Salesforce also allows you to log in to certain of our websites using sign-in services. These services authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain Personal Data from these services with us such as your name and email address to pre-populate our sign-up form.
Your interactions with Social Media Features are governed by the privacy policies of the companies providing them.
4.6 Telephony log information
If you use certain features of our services on a mobile device, we may also collect telephony log information (like phone numbers, time and date of calls, duration of calls, SMS routing information and types of calls), device event information (such as crashes, system activity, hardware settings, browser language), and location information (through IP address, GPS, and other sensors that may, for example, provide us with information on nearby devices, Wi-Fi access points and cell towers).
Purpose
Description
Legal basis
Providing our websites (including our social media pages)
We process your Personal Data to operate and administer our websites and to provide you with the content you access and request
Our legitimate interest in providing online content to our customers and prospective customers regarding our service offering and related information
Improving our websites
We process your Personal Data to analyze overall trends and help us improve the user experience on our websites
Our legitimate interest in providing a relevant and well-functioning website for the benefit of our website visitors
Promoting the security of our websites
We process your Personal Data by tracking use of our websites and verifying and investigating activity
Our legitimate interest in promoting the safety and security of our websites and in protecting our rights and the rights of others
Displaying personalized advertisements and content
We process your Personal Data to conduct market research, advertise to you, provide personalized information about us on and off our websites and to provide other personalized content based upon your activities and interests
Our legitimate interest in advertising our products and services or, where necessary, to the extent you have provided your prior consent
Please see Section 10 below, to learn how you can control the processing of your Personal Data by Salesforce for personalized advertising purposes
Registering visitors
We process your Personal Data, including registration information and associated non-disclosure information, for security reasons
Our legitimate interest in protecting our offices, staff, visitors and our confidential information against unauthorized access
Managing event registrations and attendance
Managing event registrations and attendance
We process your Personal Data to plan and host events or webinars for which you have registered or that you attend, including sending related communications to you
Where you explicitly consent, we also may process your biometric Personal Data to facilitate event registration and for security reasons
Performance of a contract or where we receive your explicit consent
Ensuring the health of our visitors and employees
We process your Personal Data (which may include special categories of Personal Data) (where legally permitted) during office visits and at events during the COVID-19 pandemic to ensure the health and safety of our visitors and employees
Consent and explicit consent or in our legitimate interest to ensure the health of our employees and visitors where necessary for reasons of public interest in the area of public health
Ensuring the safety and security of our employees, events and premises
We process your Personal Data where necessary based on a credible threat to our employees, events or premises
Our legitimate interest in protecting our employees, events and premises
Sending communications
We process your Personal Data to send you marketing information, product recommendations and other non-transactional communications (e.g., marketing newsletters, telemarketing calls, SMS or push notifications, information about our products, news or events) about us, our affiliates and partners
Our legitimate interest in conducting direct marketing or where you have provided your prior consent (please see Section 10 below to learn how you can control the processing of your Personal Data by Salesforce for marketing purposes)
Recording phone calls
We process your Personal Data, including recording phone calls (in accordance with applicable laws) for training, quality assurance, and administration purposes
If required under applicable law, we will give you the option to object to a call being recorded
Consent or our legitimate interest in maintaining the high quality of our phone calls with users
Handling contact and user support requests
We process your Personal Data, if you fill out a “Contact Me” web form or request user support, or if you contact us by other means including but not limited to via phone
Necessary for the performance of a contract or our legitimate interest in fulfilling your requests and communicating with you
Providing our services
We process your Personal Data to perform our contract with you for the provision of our services and to satisfy our obligations under the applicable terms of use
Necessary for the performance of a contract or our legitimate interest to provide and administer our services
Developing and optimizing the performance of the services
We process your Personal Data to
develop, optimize, and improve
the performance of the services
Legitimate interest to develop services and ensure that the services are performing in line with customer expectations; if special categories of Personal Data are processed, where the Personal Data is manifestly made public by the data subject
Providing personalized interactions
We process your Personal Data to customize our interactions with you
Legitimate interest to offer the best-in class services to our customers
Managing our customer and user accounts
We process your Personal Data (including Usage Data) to manage customer and user accounts generally, such as billing, customer correspondence and customer relationship management
Necessary for the performance of a contract or our legitimate interest in the management of customer and user accounts
Managing usage and licensing compliance
We process your Personal Data (including Usage Data) to assess and manage usage and licensing compliance with the applicable terms of use of our services
Necessary for the performance of a contract or our legitimate interest in managing the provision of our services to customers
Preparing internal reports and business modeling
We process your Personal Data (including Usage Data) for internal reporting and business modeling purposes (e.g., forecasting, revenue, capacity planning, product strategy)
Our legitimate interest in the management of our business operations
Maintaining our security
We process your Personal Data (including your Usage Data) for the purposes of maintaining Salesforce’s own security, including investigating, detecting and preventing suspicious activity, fraud and cybercrime that may affect Salesforce or its services
Our legitimate interest in promoting the safety and security of Salesforce generally and to protect our rights and the rights of others
Managing compensation for employees
We process your Personal Data (including your Usage Data) for the purposes of determining compensation for Salesforce employees, such as commission
Necessary for the performance of a contract with an employee or our legitimate interest in fairly compensating our employees
Undertaking financial reporting
We process your Personal Data (including your Usage Data) for the purposes of financial reporting
Our legitimate interest in meeting our obligations associated with the reporting of our finances
Aggregating data
We process your Personal Data (including your Usage Data) for the purposes of aggregating this information to ensure that it is no longer identifying
Our legitimate interest in minimizing the amount of Personal Data processed as part of the noted processing activity
Managing, and participating in, webinars, contests, programs, training, certifications or promotions
We process your Personal Data if you register for a webinar, contest, promotion, training, certification or a program.
In some cases where the training or certification is through your employer, we will share your we will share your Personal Data with your employer
Some webinars, contests, programs, trainings, certifications and promotions have additional rules containing information about how we will process your Personal Data
Consent, necessary for the performance of a contract or our legitimate interest in providing the webinar, contest, promotion, training, certification or promotion
Managing payments
If you have provided financial information to us, we process your Personal Data to verify that information and to collect payments to the extent that doing so is necessary to complete a transaction and perform our contract with you
Necessary for the performance of a contract
Administering surveys and conducting research
We process your Personal Data (including, where legally permitted, special categories of Personal Data) in order to meet the goals set out in surveys or research as well as to analyze our compliance with internal policies
Consent or explicit consent (if required under applicable law) or our legitimate interest in conducting the survey or research based on its stated goals (where no special categories of Personal Data are in scope)
Participating in a Salesforce community, such as that focused on open-source development
We process your Personal Data, such as your username associated with your community account, in order to host and maintain the community for the benefit of its members
Our legitimate interest in hosting and maintaining such a community for the benefits of its members, as well as in order to inform you of program changes that are important to your participation or relate to additional security measures
Collecting diversity information
We process your Personal Data (including special categories of Personal Data) to the extent you voluntarily consent to provide it to meet our broader community goals related to diversity and equality of opportunity
Consent or explicit consent (if required under applicable law)
Complying with legal obligations
We process your Personal Data (including Usage Data) when cooperating with public and government authorities, courts or regulators in accordance with our legal obligations under applicable laws to the extent this requires the processing or disclosure of Personal Data to protect our rights
Legal obligation or our legitimate interest in protecting against misuse or abuse of our websites or services, protecting personal property or safety, pursuing remedies available to us and limiting our damages, complying with judicial proceedings, court orders or legal processes, responding to lawful requests, or for auditing purposes
If we need to collect and process Personal Data by law, or under a contract we have entered into with you, and you fail to provide the required Personal Data when requested, we may not be able to perform our contract with you.
Requests Submitted
Requests Fulfilled in Whole Or In Part*
Average Days to Respond
Average Days to Complete a Request**
Requests for access to Personal Data
44
32
1
49
Requests to delete Personal Data
210
143
1
29
Requests to correct Personal Data
4
0
1
3
Objections to processing Personal Data
7
4
1
15
Requests to opt-out of Sharing
2,064
2,064
n/A
5
*Requests may be unable to be completed due to factors like duplicate requests, the inability to verify the resident’s identity or lack of response.
**Time to complete a request may depend in part on receipt of information from the person making the request, such as information to verify the person’s identity or information about the action requested.  Data is for all requests received by the Salesforce Family Affiliates from California residents between January 1 and December 31, 2023.
Contact us
We use cookies on our website to improve website performance, to analyze website usage and to tailor content and offers to your interests. 

Advertising and functional cookies are only placed with your consent. By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you consent to us placing these cookies. By clicking “Do Not Accept”, you reject the usage of such cookies. We always place required cookies that do not require consent, which are necessary for the website to work properly.

For more information about the different cookies we are using, read the
Privacy Statement
. To change your cookie settings and preferences, click the Cookie Consent Manager button.
Do Not Accept
Accept All Cookies
Cookie Consent Manager
General Information
Required Cookies
Functional Cookies
Advertising Cookies
General Information
We use three kinds of cookies on our websites: required, functional, and advertising. You can choose whether functional and advertising cookies apply. Click on the different cookie categories to find out more about each category and to change the default settings.
Privacy Statement
Always Active
Required cookies are necessary for basic website functionality. Some examples include: session cookies needed to transmit the website, authentication cookies, and security cookies.
Cookies Details‎
Functional Cookies
Functional cookies enhance functions, performance, and services on the website. Some examples include: cookies used to analyze site traffic, cookies used for market research, and cookies used to display advertising that is not directed to a particular individual.
Cookies Details‎
Advertising Cookies
Advertising cookies track activity across websites in order to understand a viewer’s interests, and direct them specific marketing. Some examples include: cookies used for remarketing, or interest-based advertising.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Cookie List
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Sub-policy 9
https://www.givingfuel.com/privacy-policy:
Features
Pricing
Demo
Help & Support
Login
Get Started
Sign Up
© Webconnex 2025
Terms
Privacy
We, like the rest of the internet, use cookies and similar tracking technologies that are essential to make our site function, improve your experience, and display personalized content. By continuing to use the site you agree to our
Privacy Policy
and
Terms of Service.
Understood
Sub-policy 10
https://www.nccn.org/footermenu/privacy-policy:
Navbar
About
Donate
News
JNCCN
Store
When autocomplete results are available use up and down arrows to review and enter to select.
Login
My Pages
Subscriptions
Order History
Account Settings
Edit Account
Log Out
Navbar
Guidelines
Compendia & Templates
Education & Research
Patient Resources
Business & Policy
Global
Guidelines
Firewall Policy
Treatment by Cancer Type
Detection, Prevention, and Risk Reduction
Supportive Care
Specific Populations
Guidelines for Patients
Guidelines With Evidence Blocks
NCCN Framework For Resource Stratification
Harmonized Guidelines
International Adaptations and Translations
NCCN Mobile Apps
Guidelines Process
Guidelines Panels and Disclosure
Permission to Cite or Use NCCN Content
Recently Updated Guidelines
Submission Request to the Guidelines Panels
Order Free Print Copies
Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia
Acute Myeloid Leukemia
Ampullary Adenocarcinoma
Anal Carcinoma
Basal Cell Skin Cancer
B-Cell Lymphomas
Biliary Tract Cancers
Bladder Cancer
Bone Cancer
Breast Cancer
Castleman Disease
Central Nervous System Cancers
Cervical Cancer
Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia/Small Lymphocytic Lymphoma
Chronic Myeloid Leukemia
Colon Cancer
Dermatofibrosarcoma Protuberans
Esophageal and Esophagogastric Junction Cancers
Gastric Cancer
Gastrointestinal Stromal Tumors
Gestational Trophoblastic Neoplasia
Hairy Cell Leukemia
Head and Neck Cancers
Hepatobiliary Cancers
Hepatocellular Carcinoma
Histiocytic Neoplasms
Hodgkin Lymphoma
Kaposi Sarcoma
Kidney Cancer
Melanoma: Cutaneous
Melanoma: Uveal
Merkel Cell Carcinoma
Mesothelioma: Peritoneal
Mesothelioma: Pleural
Multiple Myeloma
Myelodysplastic Syndromes
Myeloid/Lymphoid Neoplasms with Eosinophilia and Tyrosine Kinase Gene Fusions
Myeloproliferative Neoplasms
Neuroblastoma
Neuroendocrine and Adrenal Tumors
Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer
Occult Primary
Ovarian Cancer/Fallopian Tube Cancer/Primary Peritoneal Cancer
Pancreatic Adenocarcinoma
Pediatric Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia
Pediatric Aggressive Mature B-Cell Lymphomas
Pediatric Central Nervous System Cancers
Pediatric Hodgkin Lymphoma
Penile Cancer
Primary Cutaneous Lymphomas
Prostate Cancer
Rectal Cancer
Small Bowel Adenocarcinoma
Small Cell Lung Cancer
Soft Tissue Sarcoma
Squamous Cell Skin Cancer
Systemic Light Chain Amyloidosis
Systemic Mastocytosis
T-Cell Lymphomas
Testicular Cancer
Thymomas and Thymic Carcinomas
Thyroid Carcinoma
Uterine Neoplasms
Vaginal Cancer
Vulvar Cancer
Waldenström Macroglobulinemia/Lymphoplasmacytic Lymphoma
Wilms Tumor (Nephroblastoma)
Breast Cancer Risk Reduction
Breast Cancer Screening and Diagnosis
Colorectal Cancer Screening
Genetic/Familial High-Risk Assessment: Breast, Ovarian, Pancreatic, and Prostate
Genetic/Familial High-Risk Assessment: Colorectal, Endometrial, and Gastric
Lung Cancer Screening
Prostate Cancer Early Detection
Adult Cancer Pain
Antiemesis
Cancer-Associated Venous Thromboembolic Disease
Cancer-Related Fatigue
Distress Management
Hematopoietic Cell Transplantation
Hematopoietic Growth Factors
Management of Immunotherapy-Related Toxicities
Palliative Care
Prevention and Treatment of Cancer-Related Infections
Smoking Cessation
Survivorship
Adolescent and Young Adult (AYA) Oncology
Cancer in People with HIV
Older Adult Oncology
Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia (adult)
Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia in Children
Acute Myeloid Leukemia
Adolescent and Young Adult Cancer
Adrenal Tumors
Anal Cancer
Anemia and Neutropenia - Low Red and White Blood Cell Counts
Basal Cell Skin Cancer
Bladder Cancer
Blood Clots and Cancer
Bone Cancer
Brain Cancer - Glioma
Breast Cancer - Ductal Carcinoma In Situ
Breast Cancer - Inflammatory Breast Cancer
Breast Cancer - Invasive Breast Cancer
Breast Cancer - Metastatic Breast Cancer
Breast Cancer Screening and Diagnosis
Cervical Cancer
Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia
Chronic Myeloid Leukemia
Colon Cancer
Colorectal Cancer Screening
Cutaneous B-Cell Lymphomas
Cutaneous T-Cell Lymphomas
Diffuse Large B-Cell Lymphomas
Distress During Cancer Care
Esophageal Cancer
Fatigue and Cancer
Follicular Lymphoma
Gallbladder and Bile Duct Cancers
Gastrointestinal Stromal Tumors (GIST)
Genetic Testing for Hereditary Breast, Ovarian, Pancreatic, and Prostate Cancers
Graft-Versus-Host Disease
Hodgkin Lymphoma - Hodgkin Lymphoma in Adults
Hodgkin Lymphoma in Children
Immunotherapy Side Effects: CAR T-Cell Therapy
Immunotherapy Side Effects: Immune Checkpoint Inhibitors
Kidney Cancer
Liver Cancer
Lung Cancer Screening
Mantle Cell Lymphoma
Marginal Zone Lymphomas
Melanoma: Cutaneous - Melanoma
Mesothelioma: Pleural - Malignant Pleural Mesothelioma
Mouth Cancer
Multiple Myeloma
Myelodysplastic Syndromes
Myeloproliferative Neoplasms
Nasopharyngeal Cancer
Nausea and Vomiting
Neuroendocrine Tumors
Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer - Early and Locally Advanced
Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer - Metastatic
Ovarian Cancer
Palliative Care
Pancreatic Cancer
Peripheral T-Cell Lymphoma
Primary Central Nervous System Lymphoma
Prostate Cancer: Advanced Stage
Prostate Cancer: Early Stage
Quitting Smoking
Rectal Cancer
Small Bowel Adenocarcinoma
Small Cell Lung Cancer
Soft Tissue Sarcoma
Squamous Cell Skin Cancer
Stomach Cancer
Survivorship Care for Cancer-Related Late and Long-Term Effects
Survivorship Care for Healthy Living
Systemic Mastocytosis
Throat Cancer
Thyroid Cancer
Uterine Cancer
Waldenström Macroglobulinemia
About Clinical Practice Guidelines
Development and Update of Guidelines
Transparency Process
Guidelines Panels Meeting Schedule
Firewall Policy
Disclosure Policies and Potential Conflicts of Interest
Guidelines Panels
Guideline Steering Committee
Submission Request History
My Submission Request
Submission Request Form
Compendia & Templates
Compendia
Chemotherapy Order Templates
NCCN Compendia
Drugs and Biologics Compendium
Biomarkers Compendium
Imaging AUC Compendium
Radiation Therapy Compendium
Subscribe to NCCN Compendium
Browse by Cancer Type
View Chemotherapy Order Templates User Guide
EHR Integration
Chemotherapy Order Templates Committee
Subscribe to NCCN Templates
Chemotherapy Order Templates Reviewer Acknowledgement
Education & Research
Events and Programs
Oncology Research Program
JNCCN
Publications
Continuing Education
Calendar of Events
Annual Conference
2025 Annual Conference Exhibit Guide
Exhibit Hall Floor Plan
Nursing Events
Share that You are Attending an NCCN Event
Annual Congress: Hematologic Malignancies
Oncology Research Program (ORP)
Current Opportunities
ORP Recent News
ORP Grant History
Scientific Publications
Clinical Trials
Young Investigator Awards
Informed Consent Language Database
Best Practices for Biorepositories
Shared Resources
Disclosure Policy
About JNCCN
Subscribe to JNCCN
JNCCN Email Updates
Business & Policy
Business
Policy and Advocacy Program
Corporate Council
Academy
Trends U.S. Surveys
Trends Global Surveys
Flash Updates
Order Free Pocket Guidelines and Patient Guidelines
Support Opportunities
Advertising Opportunities
Research Tools: REMS
Employer Resources
Virtual Reimbursement Resource Room and App
Health Information Technology Licenses
Embargo Policy
Firewall Policy
Policy and Advocacy Program
Policy Priorities
NCCN Findings on Cancer Drug Shortages
Advancing Cancer Equity
The Alliance for Cancer Care Equity (ACCE)
NCCN Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (DEI) Directors Forum
Oncology Policy Summits
State Oncology Society Forum
Global
Global Program
Global Clinical Resources
Global Support Opportunities
Global Policy
Contact NCCN Global
Africa
Asia
Europe
Latin America
Middle East & North Africa
Worldwide
Clinical Guidelines Translations
Guidelines for Patients Translations
Distress Thermometer Tool Translations
International Adaptations
Framework for Resource Stratification
Harmonized Guidelines
Global Corporate Council
Global Academy
Trends Global Surveys
eBulletin Global Edition
Home
Privacy Policy
NCCN Privacy Statement
The National Comprehensive Cancer Network
®
, Inc., (NCCN
®
) is issuing this privacy statement to keep our valued users informed of activities in place to ensure their privacy. This privacy statement covers the site NCCN.org.
    If users have questions or concerns regarding this statement, they should contact Joseph Junod, Director, Information Technology, by
email
or telephone (215.690.0242).
Information Collection and Use
Information Collection
NCCN is the sole owner of the information collected on
NCCN.org
. NCCN and NCCN Foundation
®
collect information from our users at several different points on this website.
Registration
NCCN occasionally requests information from users of its NCCN
    Clinical Practice Guidelines in Oncology (NCCN Guidelines
®
), NCCN Drugs & Biologics Compendium (NCCN Compendium
®
), NCCN Chemotherapy Order Templates (NCCN Templates
®
), NCCN Biomarkers Compendium
®
, NCCN Guidelines for Patients
®
,
 NCCN Trends™ Surveys & Data, and NCCN Continuing Education. NCCN uses this information to contact the user about safety updates and/or services on our site for which they have expressed interest and to advise users about future updates to
    this site. Based on the user type, visitors will be asked to provide specific, sometimes required, information (such as areas of interest, clinical specialty, or year of graduation), in order for NCCN to provide a more personalized experience on its
    site.
NCCN Programs, Services, and Resources Registration
NCCN requests information from the user on our registration forms. Here a user must provide contact information (such as name and mailing address) as well as financial
    information (such as credit card number, expiration date if paying by credit card). This information is used for billing purposes for registration fees and/or hotel deposits and/or services or products. If NCCN cannot process an order, this contact
    information is used to contact the user.
Passwords
Registered users are responsible for taking all reasonable steps to ensure that no unauthorized person shall have access to your
NCCN.org
passwords or accounts. It is your sole
    responsibility to (1) control the dissemination and use of activation codes and passwords; (2) authorize, monitor, and control access to and use of your
NCCN.org
account and password; (3) promptly inform us of any need to deactivate a password. Users
    grant to NCCN and to all other persons or entities involved in the operation of
NCCN.org
the right to transmit, monitor, retrieve, store, and use your information in connection with the operation of
NCCN.org
. NCCN cannot and does not assume any responsibility
    or liability for any information you submit.
NCCN Continuing Education Registration
NCCN requires visitors to register to use NCCN Continuing Education content. Required information includes first and last name, degree, title,
    organization, mailing address, username, password, and email address. NCCN uses this information to process CME/CE credit, to contact the user about services on this site for which he or she has expressed interest, and to advise users about future
    updates to this site.
Orders for NCCN Resources
NCCN requires information from users who order NCCN informational resources through our on-line ordering system, Alcom/Nice Lines Direct Mail. Required information includes first and
    last name, shipping address, and e-mail address. This information is used to fill requesters' orders. If NCCN or Alcom/Nice Lines Direct Mail cannot process an order, the information is used to contact the user.
NCCN Online Surveys
From
 time-to-time, NCCN may provide users the opportunity to participate in surveys on its website. NCCN does not require information from users to complete these periodic online surveys about NCCN programs, services, and resources. For these surveys,
    it is optional for the user to provide demographic information (such as specialty or year of graduation), but encouraged so NCCN can enhance its programs, services, and resources. Users have the option to opt-out of surveys in their user profile.
NCCN often uses third-party service providers to conduct these surveys; that company will be prohibited from using our users' personally identifiable information for any other purpose. We will not share personally identifiable information
    provided by users through a survey with other third parties unless we give the user prior notice and choice.
Cookies
"Cookies" are small pieces of information stored by a browser on a computer's hard drive. Cookies are only read
    by the server that placed them, and are unable to do such things as run programs on your computer, plant viruses, or harvest your personal information. The use of cookies is very common on the Internet.
NO personal information is gathered
    or stored in the cookies placed by the NCCN website. NO personal information is gathered through the use of these cookies. NCCN uses cookies mainly to understand website usage and traffic statistics. We may use other automatic data collection technologies, including web beacons, pixels, and data tags, for targeted online advertising. NCCN uses Google Analytics to analyze traffic to
    this website so we can understand our visitors' needs and continually improve this site for them.
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies. By changing the options on a web browser or using certain software programs, users can control
    how and whether cookies will be accepted by a browser. Please note that it is possible to block cookie activity from certain websites while permitting cookies from trusted sites.
Information Use
Profile
NCCN stores information
    that it collects through registration to create a profile of our users. A profile is stored information that NCCN maintains on individual users which details their viewing preferences and demographics. Consequently, collected information is tied to
    visitors' personally identifiable information to provide offers and improve the content of the site for users. These profiles may be used to tailor users' visits to our website and to direct pertinent marketing promotions to them. NCCN does not share
    your profile with third parties.
Log Files
Like most website servers, NCCN's uses log files. These include Internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type,
    date/time stamp, and user activity within this website to analyze trends, administer the site, track users' movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.
Communications from the Site
Special
 Offers and Updates
Registered NCCN users will occasionally receive information on new or updated NCCN programs, services, resources, and opportunities to support NCCN Foundation. Opting in means users have asked to be contacted about NCCN programs, services, resources, and opportunities to support NCCN Foundation. Users
    may opt-out via email or by updating their profile. Users may unsubscribe at any time by
contacting us
.
Sharing
Legal Disclaimer
Though NCCN makes every effort to preserve user privacy, NCCN may need to disclose personal
    information when required by law wherein NCCN has a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order, or legal process served on our website.
Aggregate Information (non-personally
        identifiable)
NCCN shares aggregated demographic information with our partners and advertisers. For example, NCCN may describe the number of users by geography or medical specialty. This is not linked to any personally identifiable information.
Third-Party Intermediaries
NCCN uses an outside fulfillment company to process and ship orders for NCCN products; an email broadcast company to send email announcements about NCCN events and resources; web hosting companies to
    provide online access to NCCN presentations; online survey vendors to periodically survey groups of NCCN users, credit card processing companies to bill users for registration and donations. These companies do not retain share, store, or use personally identifiable
    information for any secondary purposes.
Registration for NCCN's educational events consists of a link to a site hosted by CVENT; to view this privacy policy statement, go to
https://www.cvent.com/en/privacy-policy.shtml
.
Registration for NCCN interactive
        learning consists of links to sites hosted by Clinical Care Options and ReachMD; to view these privacy statements, go to
https://clinicaleducationalliance.com/privacypolicy
or
https://reachmd.com/pages/privacy/
.
Registration to order NCCN resources
        online consists of a link to a site hosted by Alcom (formerly Nice Lines Direct Mail); to view this privacy statement, go to
https://www.alcomprinting.com/about-us/privacy-notice/
.
Registration to access NCCN surveys is hosted on a site by Qualtrics ; to view this privacy statement go to
https://www.qualtrics.com/privacy-statement/
.
Registration to access additional NCCN surveys is hosted on a site by Survey Monkey; to view this privacy statement, go to
https://www.surveymonkey.com/mp/legal/privacy/
.
Those who register for NCCN live events and webinars will receive confirmation and information from BroadcastMed and WebEx, to view their privacy statements go to
https://www.broadcastmed.com/privacy-policy
and
https://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/about/legal/privacy-full.html
.
NCCN Foundation donor transactions and list management are supported by Salesforce and GivingFuel, to view their privacy statements go to
https://www.salesforce.com/company/privacy/
and
https://www.givingfuel.com/privacy-policy
.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that the National Comprehensive Cancer Network, Inc. is not responsible for the privacy practices of
        such other sites. NCCN encourages users to be aware when they leave the NCCN site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information
        collected by this website.
Security
This website takes every precaution to protect our users' information. When users submit sensitive information via the website, their information is protected both online and off-line.
When NCCN's registration forms ask users to enter sensitive information (such as credit card number), that information is encrypted and is protected with the industry-standard encryption software - Secure Sockets Layer (SSL). While on a secure page,
such as a registration form, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked, as opposed to un-locked, or open, when users are just "surfing."
NCCN will reveal only the last four digits of
your credit card number on confirmation web pages and/or e-mails but will transmit your entire credit card number to third party companies used to process your orders and to your credit card company.
While NCCN uses SSL encryption to protect
sensitive information on-line, NCCN also does everything in its power to protect user-information off-line. All of our users' information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted. Only employees who need the information to
perform a specific job (for example, a billing clerk or a customer service representative) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The servers that store personally identifiable information are in a secure, locked environment.
If users have any questions about the security of
NCCN.org
, please
contact us.
Supplementation of Information
For this website to properly fulfill its obligation to users, it is necessary for NCCN to supplement the information
we receive with information from third-party sources.
Credit Card Verification and Processing
NCCN uses Authorize.net for credit card processing services to verify a user's address and credit card information for processing.
Correcting/Updating/Deleting/Deactivating Personal Information
If a user's personally identifiable information changes (such as zip code, phone, e-mail or postal address), or if a user no longer desires to receive information, NCCN
provides a way to correct, update or delete/deactivate users' personally identifiable information. This can be done by
contacting our User Support
.
Notification of Changes
If NCCN decides to change its privacy policy, NCCN will
post those changes to this privacy statement, the homepage, and other places deemed appropriate so our users are always aware of what information NCCN collects, how it is used, and under what circumstances, if any, NCCN discloses it. NCCN will use
information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
If, however, NCCN is going to use users' personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection,
NCCN will notify users via e-mail. Users will have a choice as to whether or not NCCN uses their information in this different manner. However, if users have opted out of all communication with the site, or deleted/deactivated their account, they
will not be contacted, nor will their personal information be used in this new manner. In addition, if NCCN makes any material changes in its privacy practices that do not affect user information already stored in our database, NCCN will post a prominent
notice on its website notifying users of the change. In some cases where NCCN posts a notice, we will also e-mail users, who have opted to receive communications from us, notifying them of the changes in our privacy practices.
Contact Information
If users have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please
contact us
.