Σεβόμαστε την ιδιωτικότητά σας
Εμείς και οι συνεργάτες μας αποθηκεύουμε και/ή έχουμε πρόσβαση σε πληροφορίες σε μια συσκευή, όπως τα cookies, και επεξεργαζόμαστε προσωπικά δεδομένα, όπως μοναδικοί αναγνωριστικοί και προσαρμοσμένες πληροφορίες που αποστέλλονται από μια συσκευή για εξατομικευμένες διαφημίσεις και περιεχόμενο, μέτρηση διαφήμισης και περιεχομένου, έρευνα ακροατηρίου και ανάπτυξη υπηρεσιών.  Με την άδειά σας, εμείς και οι συνεργάτες μας ενδέχεται να χρησιμοποιήσουμε ακριβή δεδομένα γεωγραφικής τοποθεσίας και ταυτοποίησης μέσω σάρωσης συσκευών. Μπορείτε να κάνετε κλικ για να συναινέσετε στην επεξεργασία από εμάς και τους 1470 συνεργάτες μας όπως περιγράφεται παραπάνω. Εναλλακτικά, μπορείτε να κάνετε κλικ για να αρνηθείτε να συναινέσετε ή να αποκτήσετε πρόσβαση σε πιο λεπτομερείς πληροφορίες και να αλλάξετε τις προτιμήσεις σας πριν συναινέσετε.  Λάβετε υπόψη ότι κάποια επεξεργασία των προσωπικών σας δεδομένων ενδέχεται να μην απαιτεί τη συγκατάθεσή σας, αλλά έχετε το δικαίωμα να αρνηθείτε αυτήν την επεξεργασία. Οι προτιμήσεις σαςθα ισχύουν μόνο για αυτόν τον ιστότοπο. Μπορείτε να αλλάξετε τις προτιμήσεις σας ή να ανακαλέσετε τη συγκατάθεσή σας ανά πάσα στιγμή επιστρέφοντας σε αυτόν τον ιστότοπο και κάνοντας κλικ στο κουμπί "Απορρήτου" στο κάτω μέρος της ιστοσελίδας.
Λάβετε επίσης υπόψη ότι αυτός ο ιστότοπος/η εφαρμογή χρησιμοποιεί μία ή περισσότερες υπηρεσίες της Google και ενδέχεται να συλλέγει και να αποθηκεύει πληροφορίες που περιλαμβάνουν, ενδεικτικά, τη συμπεριφορά επίσκεψης ή χρήσης σας. Μπορείτε να κάνετε κλικ για να δώσετε ή να αρνηθείτε τη συγκατάθεσή σας στην Google και τις σημάνσεις τρίτων μερών της για τη χρήση των δεδομένων σας για τους σκοπούς που καθορίζονται παρακάτω στην ενότητα συγκατάθεσης της Google.
ΠΑΡΑΣΚΕΥΗ
14 ΜΑΡΤΙΟΥ
NEWSFEED
ΕΙΔΗΣΕΙΣ
LIFESTYLE
ΚΟΥΙΖ
ΠΑΡΑΞΕΝΑ
ΕΥ ΖΗΝ
MEDIA
ΖΩΔΙΑ
ΑΦΙΕΡΩΜΑΤΑ
ΚΕΡΔΙΣΤΕ
NEWSFEED
ΑΘΗΝΑ
ΘΕΣΣΑΛΟΝΙΚΗ
ΤΟΠΙΚΑ ΡΑΔΙΟΦΩΝΑ
ΗΠΕΙΡΟΣ
ΘΕΣΣΑΛΙΑ
ΘΡΑΚΗ
ΚΡΗΤΗ
ΜΑΚΕΔΟΝΙΑ
ΝΗΣΙΑ ΑΙΓΑΙΟΥ
ΝΗΣΙΑ ΙΟΝΙΟΥ
ΠΕΛΟΠΟΝΝΗΣΟΣ
ΣΤΕΡΕΑ ΕΛΛΑΔΑ
ΑΘΗΝΑ
ΘΕΣΣΑΛΟΝΙΚΗ
Internet Radios
ΚΥΠΡΟΣ
ΤΟΠΙΚΑ ΡΑΔΙΟΦΩΝΑ
ΠΕΡΙΟΧΕΣ
ΚΑΤΗΓΟΡΙΕΣ
ΕΛΛΗΝΙΚΕΣ ΕΠΙΤΥΧΙΕΣ
ΕΛΛΗΝΙΚΑ ΛΑΪΚΆ
ΕΝΤΕΧΝΗ & ΜΠΑΛΑΝΤΕΣ
ΔΙΑΦΟΡΑ
ΠΑΡΑΔΟΣΙΑΚΑ
ΞΕΝΗ ΜΟΥΣΙΚΗ & DANCE
ΡΟΚ
Sophisticated
ΕΙΔΗΣΕΙΣ & ΜΟΥΣΙΚΉ
ΑΘΛΗΤΙΚΑ ΝΕΑ
ΘΡΗΣΚΕΥΤΙΚΑ
ΚΑΤΗΓΟΡΙΕΣ
Privacy policy
Welcome to E-Radio. This Privacy Policy is effective for E-Radio.gr,  E-Radio Service, E-Radio Mobile Apps (“E-Radio”, “we”, “us” and/or “our”) and  is incorporated by reference into the E-Radio Terms of Service and End User  License Agreement.
The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to inform users of the E-Radio  Service (as defined below) about the information that we collect through the E-Radio  Service, how we use that information and the ways users can control how that  information is used or shared. The entire policy can be found below. For  information about users’ obligations and use of the E-Radio Service, please see  our Terms of Service and End User License Agreement.
We will continue to evaluate this Privacy Policy and update it accordingly  when there is a change to our business practices, our users’ needs, and to  comply with regulatory and legal requirements. Please check this page  periodically for updates. If we make any material changes to this Privacy  Policy, we will post the updated Privacy Policy here and notify you by email or  by means of a notice on the Site (as defined below) and/or the Applications (as  defined below).
The " E-Radio Service" consists of: (a) our index of radio stations  designed to simplify finding radio programming from broadcast or radio sources  (the “E-Radio Guide”), whether available through our website located at www.  e-radio.gr (the “Site”) or through any software applications made available for  mobile devices (“Guide Applications”); (b) all software, data, text, images,  sounds, video, graphics and photos made available by E-Radio through any of the  foregoing, and (c) any updates, new versions, new releases, additional features  and functionality that E-Radio may offer in connection with the foregoing.
When you interact with the E-Radio Service, we may collect Personal  Information (as defined below) and other information from you as described  below.
“Personal Information” means information that alone or when in connection  with other information may be used to readily identify, contact, or locate you,  such as: name, address, email address or phone number. We do not consider  personally identifiable information to include information that has been  anonymized so that it does not allow a third party to easily identify a  specific individual.
To enable you to enjoy certain features of the E-Radio Service, we collect  certain types of information, including Personal Information, during your  interactions with the E-Radio Service. By using the E-Radio Service, you are  authorizing us to gather, parse, and retain data related to the provision of  the E-Radio Service.
For example, we collect information, including Personal Information, when  you:
Register       to use our E-Radio Service;
Login       with social networking credentials;
Participate       in polls, contests, surveys or other features of the E-Radio Service, or       respond to offers or advertisements on the E-Radio Service;
Communicate with us; and
Sign up       to receive email newsletters.
When you register to use the E-Radio Service, we ask you to provide certain  information, which includes your name, email address, birth year, gender, zip  code and/or other geographic information, as well as a password for your  account. By voluntarily providing us with Personal Information or other  information, you are consenting to our use of it in accordance with this  Privacy Policy. If you provide any Personal Information or other information,  you acknowledge and agree that such Personal Information may be transferred  from your current location to our offices and servers and the authorized third  parties.
Listening and Usage Activity
: We keep track of your listening and usage  activity. We collect information about stations, favorites, artists, channels,  conversations and tracks you have listened to or in which you have expressed an  interest.
Social connect information
: When you choose to connect your social media  account to your account profile, we collect Personal Information from that  social media website. For example, when you connect your Facebook account, we  may collect the Personal Information you have made publicly available in  Facebook, such as your name, profile picture, cover photo, username, gender,  friend networks, age range, locale, friend list, and any other information you  have made public. We may also obtain other non-public information from the  social network website with your permission.
Information about your computer or device
: We may also collect  information about the computer, mobile or other devices you use to access the E-Radio  Service. For example, our servers receive and record information about your  computer and browser, including potentially your IP address, device ID,  operating system, browser type, and other software or hardware information. If  you access the E-Radio Service from a mobile or other device, unless you  register, we may assign a unique device identifier for that device.
Location-based information
: We do not collect your zip code, postal code,  city or country unless you choose to provide this information to us at  registration. Your general geo-location is collected at regular intervals if  you use the E-Radio Service on your mobile device or through the Site. We  collect this information to provide content and services that are customized  for your geographic area.
Tracking technology
: We use what are commonly called  "cookies" on our Site. A cookie is a piece of information that the  computer that hosts our Site gives to your browser when you access the Site.  These cookies help us improve the E-Radio Service, provide additional  functionality to the Site and help us analyze Site usage more accurately. For  instance, our Site may set a cookie on your browser that allows you to access  the Site without needing to remember and then enter a password more than once  during a visit to the Site. We may also be able to capture other data such as searches  conducted and results, date, time, and connection speed. In all cases in which  we use cookies, we will not collect Personal Information except with your  permission. On most web browsers, you will find a “help” section on the  toolbar. Please refer to this section for information on how to receive  notification when you are receiving a new cookie and how to turn cookies off.  We recommend that you leave cookies turned on because they allow you to take  advantage of some of the Site’s features. Third parties, including advertisers  and third-party advertising companies, whose products or services are  accessible or advertised via the E-Radio Service may also use cookies, and we  advise you to check their privacy policies for information about their cookies  and other privacy practices.
We use the information, including Personal Information, that we collect for  the following purposes:
To       personalize and customize the advertising and the content you see.
To       improve and enhance the user experience. We use tracking information to       determine how well each page, station and/or channel performs overall       based on aggregate user demographics and traffic patterns to those pages,       stations and channels. This helps       us build a better service for you.
To       fulfill your requests for certain products and services, such as sending       out electronic newsletters and enabling you to participate in polls,       contests, and boards.
To send       you information about topics or content that we think will be of interest       to you based on your preferences, habits or geographic location.
To send       you information about the latest developments and features on our E-Radio Service.
To provide technical support.
We may anonymize and aggregate data collected through the E-Radio Service  and use it for any purpose.
We are not in the business of selling, renting or sharing Personal  Information about you with other people or nonaffiliated companies for their  direct marketing purposes. We consider this information to be a vital part of  our relationship with you. There are, however, certain circumstances in which  we may share your information, including Personal Information, with certain  third parties without further notice to you, as set forth below:
Information       you allow us to share when you register with us, or through a subsequent       affirmative election.
Information       used when we hire or partner with third parties to provide business-related       services on our behalf, such as mailing information, maintaining       databases, processing payments, sweepstakes management and prize       fulfillment, data processing, analytics, personalization and customization       of advertising, customer/support services and other products or services       that we choose to make available to our registered users. When we employ       another company to perform a function of this nature, we only provide them       with the information that they need to perform their specific function.
We may       share, transfer or sell your information in connection with a merger,       acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy,       receivership, sale of company assets, or transition of service to another       provider. We cannot control how such entities may use or disclose such       information.
We may       share information with our subsidiaries and affiliates for purposes       consistent with this Privacy Policy.
The E-Radio       Service may allow you to share information, including Personal       Information, with social networking websites, such as Facebook. We do not       share your Personal Information with them unless you direct the E-Radio Service       to share it. Their use of the information will be governed by their       privacy policies, and you may be able to modify your privacy setting on       their websites.
We may       share your information if required to do so by law or in the good faith       belief that such action is necessary in order to (i) comply with a legal       obligation, (ii) protect or defend our legal rights or property as well as       those of our business partners, employees, agents and contractors       (including enforcement of our agreements); (iii) act in urgent       circumstances to protect the personal safety of users or the public; (iv)       protect against fraud or risk management purposes; or (v) protect against       legal liability.
When you register and create a profile through the E-Radio Service, other  users of the E-Radio Service may be able to see your profile information,  including your screen name, profile photo and any content that you post to the E-Radio  Service. We recommend that you guard your anonymity and sensitive information.  We are not responsible for the privacy practices of the other users who will  view and use the information you post.
We also receive and store certain non-personally identifiable information.  Such information, which is collected passively using various technologies,  cannot presently be used to specifically identify you. We may store such  information itself or such information may be included in databases owned and  maintained by our affiliates, agents or service providers. We may use such  information and pool it with other information to track, for example, the total  number of visitors to the E-Radio Service, the number of visitors to each page  of our Site, the domain names of our visitors' Internet service providers, and  how our users use and interact with the E-Radio Service. Also, in an ongoing  effort to better understand and serve the users of the E-Radio Service, we  often conduct research on our customer demographics, interests and behavior  based on the personal information and other information provided to us. This  research may be compiled and analyzed on an aggregate basis. We may share this  non-identifiable and aggregate data with our affiliates, agents and business  partners, but this type of non-identifiable and aggregate information does not  identify you personally. We may also disclose aggregated user statistics in  order to describe our services to current and prospective business partners and  to other third parties for other lawful purposes.
The use and disclosure of this non-personally identifiable information is  not subject to restrictions under this Privacy Policy.
You can visit the Site without providing any personal information. If you  choose not to provide any personal information, you may not be able to use  certain features of our E-Radio Service.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to any personal data collected by E-Radio  other than personal data collected through the E-Radio Service. This Privacy  Policy shall not apply to any unsolicited information you provide to us through  the E-Radio Service or through any other means. This includes, but is not limited  to, information posted to any public areas of the E-Radio Service, such as  bulletin boards (collectively, “Public Areas”), any ideas for new products or  modifications to existing products, and other unsolicited submissions  (collectively, “Unsolicited Information”). All Unsolicited Information shall be  deemed to be non-confidential and we shall be free to reproduce, use, disclose,  distribute and exploit such Unsolicited Information without limitation or  attribution.
We have taken reasonable steps to protect the information you provide via  the E-Radio Service from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration,  or destruction. However, no Internet, email or other electronic transmission is  ever fully secure or error free, so you should take special care in deciding  what information you send to us in this way. We do not accept liability for  unintentional disclosure.
By using the E-Radio Service or providing Personal Information to us, you  agree that we may communicate with you electronically regarding security,  privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use of the E-Radio Service.  If we learn of a security system’s breach, we may attempt to notify you  electronically by posting a notice on the Site and/or Applications or sending  an email to you.
If you use the E-Radio Service outside of the European Union, you fully  understand and unambiguously consent to the transfer of your information,  including Personal Information, to, and the collection and processing of such  information in Greece and other countries or territories of the European Union.  The laws on holding such information in European Union may vary and be less  stringent than laws of your state or country.
We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the  age of 13. If you are under the age of 13, please do not submit any Personal  Information through the E-Radio Service. We encourage parents and legal  guardians to monitor their children’s Internet usage and to help enforce our  Privacy Policy by instructing their children never to provide Personal  Information through the E-Radio Service without their permission. If you have  reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided Personal  Information to us through our E-Radio, please contact us, and we will  endeavor to delete that information from our databases.
This Privacy Policy applies only to the E-Radio Service. The E-Radio Service  may contain links to other web sites not operated or controlled by us (the  “Third Party Sites”). The policies and procedures we described here do not  apply to the Third Party Sites. The links from the E-Radio Service do not imply  that we endorse or have reviewed the Third Party Sites. We suggest contacting  those sites directly for information on their privacy policies.
To modify your registration information:
Once you have registered, you  can change your registration information (including your email address and  password).
Opt out:
Each email communication we send you will contain instructions permitting  you to "opt-out" of receiving future marketing communications. In  addition, if at any time you wish not to receive any future communications or  you wish to have your name deleted from our email mailing lists, please contact  us as indicated below. Note however, that certain communications, such as push  notifications, require you to change the settings on your device if at any time  you wish not to receive any future communications. Note that on occasion we  send service-related announcements, such as disruption notifications, and you  may not be able to opt-out of these communications.
The English language version of this Privacy Policy is the version that  governs your use of the E-Radio Service and in the event of any conflict  between the English language version and a translated version, the English  language version will control.
To print out this Statement, you may visit www.e-radio.gr/privacy.asp
×
The Hellenic Radio Portal - 18 χρόνια
Live Oλα τα Ελληνικά Ραδιόφωνα Online!
500+ Ελληνικοί Σταθμοί εδώ!
Ακούστε ζωντανά, online ελληνικές επιτυχίες, λαϊκά, ξένα hits, dance,
ειδήσεις, αθλητικά από τα καλύτερα internet radio.
Please enable scripting languages in your browser.