Alfarays.com Privacy Policy
This policy explains:
◦ Which information the Alfarays.com mobile and web applications collect and why it is collected;
◦ How that information may be used;
◦ Your control over your own information; and
◦ The choices we offer, including how to access and update information.
Our applications are Alfarays.com team products and are governed by the Alfarays.com Privacy Policy.
Protecting the privacy of you and your family members is very important to Alfarays.com. Please take the time to read through this policy to understand how your information may be used. If you have any questions, please email us at contact@alfarays.com.
Information we collect
We collect information in two ways:
Information you provide (voluntarily submit).
Most often, this includes information related to registering for a user account, which includes items such as your name, email address, and state. Other information will include the names, ages, and genders of your children. This is sensitive information and we protect it very dearly. Other information you provide may include any pictures, videos, or other information you submit to the Service.
Information we get from your use of our services.
We may collect information during your use of our applications and services. This information may include information about which videos have been viewed from your account. This information includes:
◦
Device information
We may collect device-specific information (such as your hardware model, operating system version, unique device identifiers, and mobile network information including phone number). Alfarays.com may associate your device identifiers or phone number with the accounts of any Alfarays.com services you may use.
◦
Log information
When you use services or view content provided by Alfarays.com, we may automatically collect and store certain information in server logs. The primary purpose of this tracking is to know who has viewed your content, as well as to ensure there is some tracking of any potentially undesirable behavior on Alfarays.com services. This information may include:
▪ Details of how you used our service, such as which features you have used.
▪ IP (Internet Protocol) address.
▪ Device event information such as crashes, system activity, hardware settings, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and referral URL.
▪ Cookies that may uniquely identify your browser or your user account on any Alfarays.com services.
◦
Location information
There are currently no Alfarays.com location-enabled services. If, in the future, Alfarays.com changes this practice, this Privacy Policy will be updated and you will be notified. Some location information may, however, be recorded pursuant to server logs.
◦
Unique application numbers
Certain services include a unique application number. This number and information about your installation (for example, the operating system type and application version number) may be sent to Alfarays.com when you install or uninstall that service or when that service periodically contacts our servers, such as for automatic updates.
◦
Local storage
We may collect and store information (including personal information) locally on your device using mechanisms such as browser web storage (including HTML 5) and native application data caches.
◦
Cookies and anonymous identifiers
We use various technologies to collect and store information when you visit an Alfarays.com service, and this may include sending one or more cookies or anonymous identifiers to your device. We will not share these anonymous identifiers with any partners.
How we use the information we collect
The information we collect is used for two primary purposes, to improve the quality of the services we offer and to protect any users of our service.
When you contact Alfarays.com, we may keep a record of your communication to help solve any issues you might be facing. We may use your email address to inform you about our services, such as letting you know about upcoming changes or improvements.
Please note that all information users provide to Alfarays.com is subject to review before making that information available to any other users of Alfarays.com services. For example, all user-provided videos will be reviewed by humans for potential safety risks before enabling that video to be shown to other Alfarays.com users.
We use information collected from our services to improve your user experience and the overall quality of our services. For example, by saving your language preferences, we’ll be able to have our services appear in the language you prefer.
We will ask for your consent before using information for a purpose other than those that are set out in this Privacy Policy.
Alfarays.com may process personal information on servers located in many countries around the world. We may process your personal information on a server located outside the country where you live.
While the Service does not currently contain in-application advertising, we may in the future include such advertising, and information collected may be used to optimize the delivery and effectiveness of such advertising.
Transparency and choice
Different people have different privacy concerns. Our goal is to be clear about what information we collect so that you can make meaningful choices about how it is used. For example, you can:
• Review any information you have explicitly entered into Alfarays.com account information forms.
• Delete and remove any information you have provided to Alfarays.com services, such as videos or pictures if any.
You may also set your browser to block all cookies, including cookies associated with our services, or to indicate when a cookie is being set by us. However, it’s important to remember that many of our services may not function properly if your cookies are disabled. For example, we may not remember your language preferences.
Information you share
By default, many of our services let you share information with other users through social networks or with the users of Alfarays.com services. In case of the second, your information will only be shared with other Alfarays.com services. Our services may provide you with different options on sharing and removing your content.
Accessing and updating your personal information
Whenever you use our services, we aim to provide you with access to your personal information. If that information is wrong, we strive to give you ways to update it quickly or to delete it – unless we have to keep that information for legitimate business or legal purposes. When updating your personal information, we may ask you to verify your identity before we can act on your request.
We may reject requests that are unreasonably repetitive, require disproportionate technical effort (for example, developing a new system or fundamentally changing an existing practice), risk the privacy of others, or would be extremely impractical (for instance, requests concerning information residing on backup tapes).
Where we can provide information access and correction, we will do so for free, except where it would require a disproportionate effort. We aim to maintain our services in a manner that protects information from accidental or malicious destruction. Because of this, after you delete information from our services, we may not immediately delete residual copies from our active servers and may not remove information from our backup systems.
Information we share
We do not share personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Alfarays.com unless one of the following circumstances applies:
•
With your consent
We will share personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Alfarays.com when we have your consent to do so. We require opt-in consent for the sharing of any sensitive personal information.
•
For external processing
We may provide personal information to our affiliates or other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
•
For legal reasons
We will share personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Alfarays.com if we have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation, or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
◦ meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request.
◦ enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
◦ detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
◦ protect against harm to the rights, property, or safety of Alfarays.com, our users, or the public as required or permitted by law.
We may share aggregated, non-personally identifiable information publicly and with our partners – like publishers, advertisers, or connected sites. For example, we may share information publicly to show trends about the general use of our services.
If Alfarays.com is involved in a merger, acquisition, or asset sale, we will continue to ensure the confidentiality of any personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Information security
We work hard to protect Alfarays.com and our users from unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold. In particular, we, or third-party vendors on our behalf:
• encrypt many of our services using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL).
• review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to guard against unauthorized access to systems.
• restrict access to personal information to Alfarays.com employees, contractors, and agents who need to know that information in order to process it for us and who are subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Application(s)
Our Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Alfarays.com and its affiliates, including services offered on other sites, but excludes services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
Our Privacy Policy does not apply to services offered by other companies or individuals, sites that may reference Alfarays.com services, or other sites linked from our services. Our Privacy Policy does not cover the information practices of other companies and organizations who advertise our services and who may use cookies, pixel tags, and other technologies to serve and offer relevant ads.
Enforcement
We periodically review our compliance with our Privacy Policy. When we receive formal written complaints, we will contact the person who made the complaint to follow up. We will work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of personal data that we cannot resolve with our users directly.
Changes
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We will post any privacy policy changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of privacy policy changes). We will also keep prior versions of this Privacy Policy in an archive for your review.