At Sulaba Inc, we are committed to protecting your privacy as a visitor or customer to this website and our products. To our visitors and to our customers, we offer this pledge:
We will not sell, disseminate, disclose, trade, transmit, transfer, share, lease or rent any personally identifiable information to any third party not specifically authorized by you to receive your information except as we have disclosed to you in this Privacy Policy
Information Collection
When you send us email from this Website, you will provide us with certain personally identifiable information including your email address. At anytime, if you wish to no longer receive correspondences via email, please contact us via the address listed on our site under the “Contact” link.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data that is stored on a visitor’s hard drive while they are visiting this Website. We may utilize a short-lived form of cookie when you visit this site. At Sulaba Inc, a cookie is only used to identify one unique visitor from another visitor during a particular session. A session is the period of active site-use while that unique visitor is linked to our server. We may use cookie technology during a session as a tool to carry forward your input information for product support or details related forms. This will enable us our visitor to input their information once and have the information appear later during the online web form. No personally identifiable information is stored on the cookie.
Third Party Links
This Website may contain links to third party Websites that are not controlled by Sulaba Inc. These third party links are made available to you as a convenience and you agree to use these links at your own risk. Please be aware that the Sulaba Inc is not responsible for the content of third party Websites linked to the Sulaba Inc nor are we responsible for the privacy policy or practices of third party Websites linked to the Sulaba Inc. Our Privacy Policy only applies to information we collect from you while you are at and while you are actively in a session with the Sulaba Inc. If you should link to a third party Website from the Sulaba Inc, we strongly encourage you to review and become familiar with that Website’s privacy policy.
Changes In Our Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy without providing you with advance notice of our intent to make the changes. If you have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us.