Privacy Policy for Games
Updated on Jan 9th, 2024
This game (all games with links to this page, hereinafter referred to as "the game") is operated solely by the game's developer, an individual named KAZUYA KAMIOKA (hereinafter referred to as "I").
Here, I explain what kind of data related to personal information may be obtained by playing the game and why, so that you can play the game with confidence.
First of all, I do NOT retain any personal information data such as IP addresses and advertising ID that can be obtained from the players' device. Also, if the player send an email to my public email address as an "inquiry" or "bug report", I will NOT use the information for any purpose other than replying to the email, NOR will I store the information in a database.
So here I would like to describe some of the third party tools that are integrated in the games I develop.
I provide the games for free so that many people can play them. However, in order to continue developing games, I need revenue. For this reason, I have adopted a system to earn revenue by placing advertisements in the games. I also analyze data on game usage and problems in order to develop better games. Other than that, I also notify the release information of new games, etc. through the games.
In order to do this, I have integrated several tools provided by third parties into my games. Information on these tools is available from the "List of Third Party Tools" link below.
These tools may acquire personal information in a broad sense that is held by the device, such as advertising IDs and IP addresses, for the purpose of analyzing game usage and customizing (targeting) the advertisements displayed in the game to better suit the player. Please be assured that personal information such as names and phone numbers will NOT be acquired.
The advertising ID is a unique ID for each device, but it is a privacy-friendly ID that can be easily disabled or reset in the privacy-related settings screen of the device. For more information, please contact Google if you are using Android, or Apple if you are using iOS devices such as iPhone or iPad.
The list of integrated tools is found on the "List of Third Party Tools" page below. I have also included links to privacy-related pages provided by each company, as well as pages describing the data collected and its purpose.
List of Third Party Tools
Players of the game should read through this privacy policy and understand and agree to its contents before playing the game.
For players who are associated with GDPR(General Data Protection Regulation) or CCPA(California Consumer Privacy Act)
(For apps released or updated in 2024 and beyond)
If you are in the EEA region or in the UK, you will encounter a prompt requesting your consent. Consent is necessary to play the game. The minimum consent required to play the game is outlined below. My apps are sustained through advertising revenue, and without these consents, I am unable to integrate advertisements, consequently making it impossible to continue offering my app for free. I apologize for any inconvenience this may cause and appreciate your understanding.
[TCF vendors]
Consent
- Store and/or access information on a device
Legitimate interest
- Use limited data to select advertising
- Measure advertising performance
- Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
- Develop and improve services
[Site or app]
Consent
- Store and/or access information on a device
Legitimate interest
- Measure content performance
- Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
- Develop and improve services
[Vendor preferences]
Consent and Legitimate interest
- Google Advertising Products
(For apps released or updated up to 2023.)
If you are in the EEA region or in the UK, you can opt out of having your advertising ID used for ad targeting purposes.
If you wish to opt out, please open the game app, go to the settings menu, and click on the privacy settings button. If you cannot find these settings, please make sure that the region and time zone you have set on your device are set to the relevant region where the rules apply. Please note that you will need to quit and restart the game in order for the settings to take effect. Also, please note that some privacy settings on Facebook require you to visit your own Facebook account and change settings by yourself.
If you are California residents, you have the right "Do Not Sell My Personal Information". Of course, I would never sell any of the data acquired by the game to anyone. However, as I mentioned above, the data is being acquired by third party companies those are developing the tools. So, I provide a way to send a signal that means "Do Not Sell My Personal Information" to these tools.
If you wish "Do Not Sell My Personal Information", please open the game app, go to the settings menu, and click on the privacy settings button. If you cannot find these settings, please make sure that the region and time zone you have set on your device are set to the relevant region where the rules apply. Please note that you will need to quit and restart the game in order for the settings to take effect.
If you want to know about or do anything with the personal information collected by third parties, please visit these companies' websites and contact them. In addition, if you have a strong sense of privacy, I recommend that you reset or disable your device's advertising ID.
Children
The game is not intended for children under the age of 13 (or under 16 for children located in the EEA and UK area). Children are not permitted to play the game, and I do not knowingly collect any personal information from Children.
About Terms of Service
In addition to this Privacy Policy, please be sure to read the
Terms of Service
.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
If there are any changes, such as the addition of third party tools to the game, this page and the list of third party tools may be added or changed without notice, so please check back here from time to time for the latest one.
Contact Me
Please contact me at the email address listed at the bottom of the top page of my website (
https://kazuyakamioka.com
).
©2011-2025 KAZUYA KAMIOKA
kazuyakamioka.com
All Rights Reserved.
App Store and the App Store logo are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries and regions.
Google Play and the Google Play logo are trademarks of Google LLC.