PRIVACY POLICY
Deccan Chronicle Holdings Limited (DCHL) uses its best efforts to respect the privacy of its on-line visitors. Deccan Chronicle Holdings Limited includes its divisions and subsidiaries.
When you visit the website, in certain parts of the website, we may ask you to provide us with personal information so that we can provide You with information You request. You are under no obligation to provide us with this information, but without the said information, we may not be able to provide you the information You have requested. The website may also include certain features that allow you to communicate with us by electronic means such as email. You are responsible if you choose to use these communication features to provide personal identification information to us (such as by including Your name and/or address in the body of an e-mail message). When You provide any personal identification information to us, you affirm that You are knowingly and voluntarily providing us the information. We may respond to the electronic communication messages you send us. The use of cookies and other information is used to optimize the viewing experience, troubleshoot any problems and better serve content.
We work to ensure that the personal identification information You do intentionally provide us remains private. We will not sell, rent, or trade the personal identification information You provide to anyone outside Deccan Chronicle , unless we are required to do so by law. Please be aware, however, that it may be possible for others to read messages that You send over the Internet, you are therefore advised not to send any such information by electronic communication that You would like to keep confidential.
Information Collection
You can visit/surf our website without providing any personal information. However, if you choose to avail of certain services on our website, you shall be required to provide certain information for the registration and/or access to such services/web pages. Such information may include, without limitation, your name, email address, contact address, mobile/telephone number(s), sex, age, occupation, interests, financial information, content, IP address, standard web log information and such other information as may be required for your interaction with the services.
Changing Your Personal Information
You can access and modify your personal information by signing on to the website. We will not modify the information provided by you. However, you must update your personal information as soon as such changes are necessitated.
Where you make a public posting, you may not be able to change or remove it nor shall you be able to close your account. Upon your request, we will close your account and remove your personal information from view as soon as reasonably possible, based on your account activity and in accordance with applicable law(s). However, we will retain your personal information from closed accounts to comply with law, Avoid/check illegal and/or potentially prohibited activities and to enforce User Agreements; Comply with any court judgment / decree / order / directive / legal & government authority /applicable law; Investigate potential violations or applicable national & international laws; Investigate deliberate damage to the website/services or its legitimate operation; Detect, prevent, or otherwise address security and/or technical issues; Protect the rights, property or safety of DCHL and/or its Directors, employees and the general public at large; Respond to Claims of third parties; and take such other actions as may be permitted by law.
Account Protection
Your password is the key to your account. You shall be solely responsible for all the activities happening under your username and you shall be solely responsible for keeping your password secure. Do not disclose your password to anyone. If you share your password or your personal information with others, you shall be solely responsible for all actions taken under your username and you may lose substantial control over your personal information and may be subject to legally binding actions taken on your behalf. Therefore, if your password has been compromised for any reason, you should immediately change your password.
Business Transaction
In the event Deccan Chronicle Holdings Ltd. goes through a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, your personally identifiable information will likely be among the assets transferred. Where your information is transferred you will be notified via email/prominent notice on our website for 30 days of any such change in ownership or control of your personal information.
Intellectual Property Notice and Restrictions on Use of Materials
This website is owned and operated by Deccan Chronicle Holdings Limited and features trademarks, copyrights and other intellectual property which are the property of Deccan Chronicle Holdings Limited, its divisions, affiliates or subsidiaries. You agree that You will not display the Deccan Chronicle Marks or other third party trademarks, or use the Deccan Chronicle Marks or other third party trademarks in any manner, without the prior written permission of Deccan Chronicle or the respective owners of other third party marks.
This website may also contain trademarks, copyrights and other intellectual property rights of third parties, including our clients. All such rights are proprietary to their respective owners. Users are prohibited by law and these conditions from modifying, copying, distributing, transmitting, displaying, publishing, selling, licensing, creating derivative works or using any content on this Site for commercial or public purposes in any way or in any manner or medium.
Unauthorized use of this web site and system including but not limited to unauthorized entry, misuse of passwords, or misuse of any information posted on this site is strictly prohibited and would attract both penal and punitive action.
Except as specifically permitted in accordance with the Terms and Conditions governing use of this website, any use of Deccan Chronicle’s or other third party trademarks or trade names found on the website is strictly prohibited without the express written permission of their respective owners.
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES AND LIABILITY
The contents of the Site are provided on an "as is" basis without warranties of any kind. Deccan Chronicle  cannot be held responsible or liable –
(a) as to the accuracy, correctness, reliability, currentness, timeliness, non-infringement, title, merchantability or fitness for any particular purpose of the contents of the Site;
(b) the contents available through the Site or any functions associated therewith will be uninterrupted or error-free, or that defects will be corrected or that the Site and the server is and will be free of all viruses and/or other harmful elements.
Kesari shall also not be liable for any damage or loss of any kind, howsoever caused as a result (direct or indirect) of the use of the Site, including but not limited to any damage or loss suffered as a result of reliance on the contents contained in or available from the Site.
Logos, Concepts, Ideas
We exclusively develop our logos, concepts and ideas for use in advertising, promotion, public relations and whatever else is appropriate to promote the products and services of our guests. You are not supposed to misuse, steal any of our creations, logos, and also not use any of our creations appearing on the Site for any purposes, otherwise the act may attract penal action.
Third Party Advertisements
Please note that third parties advertise on our Site. We do not share any of your personal Information with these third party advertisers unless you give us permission, in writing to do so. These advertisers may seek to use cookies and pixel tags to track Session Data about the ads you have seen and types of things in which you appear interested. These advertisers may also use combined information about your visits to our Site and other sites in order to provide advertisements about related goods and services that may be of interest to you.
When you click on one of these advertisers' links, you are leaving our Site and entering another site. We are not responsible for such third party's sites. You should carefully review the privacy statements of any other site you visit, because those privacy statements will apply to your visit to that site, and may be very different from our policy.
Security
The security of your personal information is important to us. When you enter your personal information we treat the data as an asset that must be protected and use tools (encryption, passwords, physical security, etc.) to protect your personal information against unauthorized access and disclosure. However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security nor can we guarantee that third parties shall not unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications, and that other users may abuse or misuse your personal information that you provide. Therefore, although we work hard to protect your information, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personal information or private communications will always remain private.
Links to Other Sites
The website contains links to other sites that may not owned or controlled by Deccan Chronicle Holdings Limited. Please be aware that we, Deccan Chronicle Holdings Limited and/or the website, are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites.
We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information.
This privacy statement applies only to information collected by the website or to our other related websites provided it appears at the footer of the page therein. It does not apply to third party advertisements which appear on our websites and we suggest you read the privacy statements of such advertisers.
Changes in this Privacy Statement
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement and such other places we deem appropriate so that you are updated about the manner we collect information, what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently at
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please
http://www.deccanchronicle.com/contact-us
Terms of Use
Deccan Chronicle Holdings  Limited maintains
http://www.deccanchronicle.com
(hereinafter "website") to enhance public access to general information, news and current affairs. This service is provided on an "As Is" basis and is continually under development.
Though we work very hard to keep correct and updated information, Deccan Chronicle and its  group companies, affiliates, third party content providers or licensors and each of their respective officers, directors, employees, representatives, licensees and agents (hereinafter altogether referred to as "DCHL") do not make any representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, authenticity, reliability, suitability or availability with respect to the website or the information, products, services, or related graphics contained on the website for any purpose nor does DCHL make any warranty that the website will be uninterrupted or error free or as to the results that may be obtained from use of the website or the information contained therein. Any reliance you place on such information/service/products/ graphics and/or the website is therefore purely and strictly at your own risk and consequences.
In no event will DCHL be liable for any loss or damage, including without limitation, direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential or punitive loss or damages or any loss or damage whatsoever arising out of the use of or inability to use the website or any service contained therein. Through this website you are able to link to other websites which are not under the control of "Deccan Chronicle Holdings Limited ". We have no control over the nature, content and availability of those sites or the services/products provided. The inclusion of any links does not necessarily imply a recommendation or endorse the views expressed within them.
Every effort is made to keep the website up and running smoothly. However, DCHL takes no responsibility for and will not be liable for the website being temporarily unavailable due to technical issues beyond its control.