Privacy Policy for Baby Tracker
This privacy policy governs your use of Baby Tracker that was created by Nighp Software LLC ("Nighp")
Baby Tracker will not obtain your personal information if you do not use sync feature of Baby Tracker.
Baby Tracker may obtain certain personal information you provide when you use sync feature with Baby Tracker Server.  Such information includes but not limited to the following: (a) your baby's name; (b) your email address; (c) your baby's date of birth; (d) your baby's growth data; (e) all records that you input in Baby Tracker; (f) all photos that you input in Baby Tracker.
If you use sync feature with iCloud or Dropbox, Baby Tracker will not obtain your personal information if you use sync feature with iCloud or Dropbox, but iCloud or Dropbox may collect your personal information.  Please check the privacy policies of iCloud or Dropbox before you use sync feature with iCloud or Dropbox.
We may use the information you provide only for syncing data between your devices.  We will not disclose such information to any third parties.
We will retain your data for as long as you use Baby Tracker and for a reasonable time thereafter.
Please be aware that, although we endeavor provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy here.  You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes.
By using the sync feature with Baby Tracker Server, you are consenting to our collecting and using of the information you provide as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us.
Ad serving. We and our partners may use ad serving technology to provide advertisements of interest to you within the app. In this connection we and our partners may collect and use information about you, such as your app session activity, device identifier, MAC address, coarse geolocation information and IP address. Please note that our partners operate under their own privacy policies.
Admob
MoPub
InMobi
AppLovin
Amazon
For more information about interest-based advertising, and your ability to opt out of this type of advertising by third parties that participate in self-regulatory programs, please visit
Your Online Choice
and/or the EDAA
Self-Regulatory Initiative for Online Behavioral Advertising
.
Please note that any opt-out choice you exercise through these programs will apply to interest-based advertising by the third parties you select, but will still allow the collection of data for other purposes, including research, analytics, and internal operations. You can continue to receive advertising, but that advertising will be less relevant to your interests.
You can have more options depending on your mobile device and operating system.  For example, most device operating systems (e.g., iOS for Apple phones, and Android for Android devices) provide their own instructions on how to limit or prevent the delivery of tailored in-application advertisements. You can review the support materials and/or the privacy settings for the respective operating systems to learn more about these features and how they apply to tailored in-app advertisements.
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using Baby Tracker, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at babytracker@nighp.com.
This version of the privacy policy is effective as of 10/30/2019.