Terms & Conditions
1. Requirements
This App currently only works on compatible smartphones running Android 8, iOS 13 and above and Windows 10 and above. We may change the version of the operating system the App works with at any time. You must not download the app from anywhere other than a store approved by us, or install or use it on a jail-broken or rooted device.
2. Charges and Restrictions
You may be charged by your service provider for internet access on your smartphone. If you’re a business customer, you may be charged depending on your tariff
We reserve the right to place limits or restrictions where excessive use of the connection to your Hub is detected.
3. Use of App
3.1 Before use, you must agree to these terms and conditions and register your email address with us. You will then be able to access and manage your heating System from your mobile device. If you do not agree to these terms, you may arrange to return your product to your place of purchase for a full refund.
3.2 In addition, you must not:
(a) download this App from anywhere other than a store approved by us or install or use it on a jail-broken or rooted device
(b) attempt to derive income from the use or provision of the App, whether for direct commercial or monetary gain or otherwise
(c) use the App in a way that could damage disable, overburden, impair or compromise the service provider or its servers.
4 Use of Cookies
4.1 By using this App, you consent to the use of session cookies which are needed for this App to work effectively. You also consent to us collecting information about your use of this app to help us improve its performance and your experience.
5 Security
5.1 Because this App gives you access to your home heating, you must keep your mobile device secure and close the App if you’re not using it.
5.2 If you suspect that someone else knows your passcode or other security details you must change your password immediately via the Password Reset function in the App.
6 Charges
6.1 We do not charge you for using the App, subject to our fair use policy (mobile network charges may apply for using the app).
6.2 Your Hub will periodically connect with the service provider server to facilitate remote access from the App. We therefore do not recommend using a mobile broadband connection with the Hub system. We will not be liable for any data charges resulting in such a connection
7 Liability
7.1 We will not be liable to you for any losses you suffer or costs you incur because:
(a) you are unable to access or use Neo App for any reason or there is a delay in its use
(b) any device, hardware or software you use in connection with the App is damaged or corrupted or fails to work
(c) The App does not work as you expect, does not meet your requirements or contains errors or defects or we fail to correct these
(d) there is a reduced level or failure to provide any service caused by any third party service providers including software providers and mobile operators
8 Changes to our App Terms and Conditions
8.1 We can change the terms and conditions at any time in accordance with your General Terms by sending you an email with details of the change or notifying you of a change when you next start the application or log onto our website. The new terms may be displayed on-screen and you may be required to read and accept them to continue your use of the App.
8.2 From time to time updates to the app may be issued via the Apple App Store, Google Play, store. Depending on the update, you may not be able to use the App until you have downloaded the latest version of the app and accepted any new terms.
free html5 templates
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
Your email, entered during the registeration process.
Your thermostat/hub will upload the following data to facilitate faster download times from your app.
- Comfort level settings
- Profile settings
- The temperature history for the last 24 hours, per zone. If enabled by the user, up to 400 days of enhanced history will be stored on our cloud server. This includes actual and set temperature and the heat output status per zone. This data is limited to 400 days and can be deleted by the user at any time in the app.
- Engineer setup, including program mode, temperature format and your neoHub time/date.
How does my account interact with third parties?
When you choose to connect third-party products and services, you are shown details about any proposed exchange(s) of data between us and the third party that is providing the product or service. We or the third party will instead (or also) ask for consent to control the products that you have connected. Your consent is required to allow any of these exchanges or requests for control and you will be able to revoke it at any time.
What additional information does my thermostat/hub collect and store when connected to the Internet or after I have created an account?
Once connected to your network, your Thermostat/Hub regularly sends the data described in this Privacy Statement to our servers to provide you with the Services.
Additional  Users: We may provide you with the ability to enable additional users to access your account. If you do so, the additional users may control and view only the thermostats/hubs shared by you. An invited user must have or create an account with us, and information about invited users will be stored with your account.
Email Addresses: When you create an account, we collect and store your email address. From that point forward, your email address is used for logging in to the mobile apps.
Mobile location data: You may choose to enable Geo Location. If you do this, you’ll be asked for permission to share location data from your mobile device. If you grant this permission, the app uses standard location services built into iOS and Android. Your location is never sent nor stored on our servers. In addition, your home location is never known by us.
Our legal bases for processing information
We process your data to provide and support a product or service you’ve asked for under a contract, including but not limited to delivering our Terms of Service.
We process your information for our legitimate interests and those of third parties while applying appropriate safeguards that protect your privacy. This means we process your information for things like:
offering and improving our products and services
developing new products and features
understanding how people use our products and services
performing research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public
protecting against harm to the rights, property, and safety of our company, our users, and the public
detecting, preventing or otherwise addressing fraud, abuse, security or technical issues with our services
maintaining and improving the integrity of our computing systems, and protecting our users’ data security
enforcing legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service
When we’re complying with legal obligations
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so, for example, if we’re responding to a legal process or an enforceable governmental request.
With your consent We ask for your consent to process your information for certain specific purposes and give you the right to withdraw that consent at anytime.
What choices do I have and how can I delete my personal information?
We store the infomation described in this privacy policy on our servers until you delete or edit it, or for as long as you remain a customer in order to provide you with the service described.
You can delete the information on the Thermostat/Hub device by resetting it to the defaults
Individual Rights in the European Economic Area.
If you are located in the European Economic Area, you may seek confirmation regarding whether we are processing personal information about you, request access to your personal information and ask that we correct, amend or delete your personal information. In addition, you may object to us processing of your personal information at any time. However doing so may impact your use of the Products and Services.
Analytics
- Google Analytics for Firebase
-  Personal Data: Application opens; device information; first     launches geography/region; Usage Data
Data transfer outside the EU
- Data transfer to countries that guarantee European standards
- Personal Data: various types of Data
Device permissions for Personal Data access
- Device permissions for Personal Data access
- Personal Data: Approximate location permission (non-continuous); Contacts permission; HomeKit permission
Hosting and backend infrastructure
- Amazon Web Services (AWS)
- Personal Data: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service
Location-based interactions
- Non-continuous geolocation
- Personal Data: geographic position
Managing contacts and sending messages
- Amazon Simple Email Service
- Personal Data: email address