Skip to main content
Our Accessibility Statement
Privacy Policy
English
اَلْعَرَبِيَّةُ
Български (Bulgarski)
中文 (Zhōngwén)
Čeština
Dansk
Nederlands
English
Suomi
Français
Français-Canada
Deutsch
Magyar nyelv
Italiano
한국어 (Hangugeo)
Lietuvių
Norsk
Polski
Português
Română; Ромынэ
Русский язык
Slovenčina
Español
Svenska
Türkçe
Partner-Branded Apps
Introduction
Resideo Technologies, Inc. (“Company”, “our”, “us”, or “we”), the "data controller" of the personal information we collect about you pursuant to this Privacy Statement, is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Statement details the steps we take to protect your personal information when you visit any of our websites or applications that contain a link to this Privacy Statement (collectively, our “Sites”) or when you contact us. It describes how we process personal information relating to you, including the types of personal information that we collect, the purposes for which we use it, the types of third parties with which we share it, and any rights you may have with respect to such information. Personal information is information, or a combination of pieces of information, that allow you to be identified.
This Privacy Statement applies only when you visit any of our Sites that link to this Privacy Statement or when you contact us, for example, with a comment, inquiry or customer support request. Personal information collected about you in connection with other Company websites, products, services or mobile applications (including those made available to you by our group companies) may be covered by different privacy statements. It is important that you read this Privacy Statement together with any other privacy statements or other notices we may provide to you on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing your personal information so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your information.
By using or accessing our Sites or contacting us you agree that we may process your personal information in the manner described in this Privacy Statement. Your use of our Sites and any information you provide through them is subject at all times to this Privacy Statement and the applicable terms and conditions that apply to the Sites.
IMPORTANT NOTICE FOR RESIDENTS OF THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA (EEA)
: EEA RESIDENTS MAY BE ENTITLED TO OBJECT TO CERTAIN TYPES OF PROCESSING ACTIVITIES INVOLVING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION DESCRIBED IN THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT, INCLUDING WHERE WE ARE RELYING ON A LEGITIMATE INTEREST TO PROCESS YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION OR WHERE WE ARE PROCESSING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION FOR DIRECT MARKETING. IN SOME CASES, WE MAY DEMONSTRATE THAT WE HAVE COMPELLING LEGITIMATE GROUNDS TO CONTINUE TO PROCESS YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION IN WHICH CASE WE ARE NOT OBLIGED TO COMPLY WITH YOUR REQUEST
Click on one of the links below to jump to the section that interests you:
Our collection of information
Our use of information
The legal basis on which we process information
Anonymizing information
How long we keep information
Disclosure of information
International transfers
Security
Cookies
Do Not Track
Your rights
Children's information
Links to other websites
Contact us
California Consumer Privacy Act
End User License Agreement
Our collection of information
a)
Information collected directly from you.
When you visit our Sites, we may ask you for personal information to provide a service or carry out a transaction that you have requested. You may also provide personal information to us when you contact us (e.g., with a comment, inquiry or customer support request) or register for an account to use our Sites.
The personal information we collect from you when you use our Sites may include:
Identity data
, such as your name, title, company/organization name, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and physical address (including street, city, state, postal code, and/or country);
Registration data
, such as information provided by you when you register for an account to use our Sites, including user names and passwords;
Recruitment data
, including information submitted in connection with a job application or inquiry (as described below);
Marketing and communications data
including your marketing preferences and your subscriptions to our publications;
Financial information
, including credit card or other financial account information for the purpose of enabling us to facilitate your purchase of Company products and services that may be available on our Sites;
Export control information
, such as your nationality, citizenship and country of residence, that allows us to determine your eligibility under export control regulations to receive information about certain technologies;
Transaction data
, including inquiries about and orders for our products and services and details of payments to and from you;
Event registration information
, including information you provide when filling in e-registration forms; and
Your feedback
, including feedback from you about our Sites as well as our products and services generally.
When you do not provide requested information, we may not be able to provide you the requested service or complete your transaction.
b)
Information we collect about you.
We collect certain information about your visit to our Sites, including:
Usage data,
including information about how you use our Sites, what pages you view, the number of bytes transferred, the links you click, the materials you access, the date and time you access the Site, the website from which you linked to one of our Sites and other actions taken within the Sites; and
Technical data,
such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address, your browser type and capabilities and language and your operating system.
For information about the cookies we use on our Sites, please refer to the section entitled “Cookies” below.
c)
Geo-location information
. For certain Sites, with your express consent, we may collect the precise, real-time location (i.e., geo-location) of your mobile device. This information will be used only for purposes of facilitating your use of the Sites. The geo-location of your mobile device may be disclosed to our service providers who may process this information in connection with providing services on our behalf. Once you have consented to the collection of the precise, real-time location of your mobile device, you may adjust this consent by managing your Location Services preferences through the settings of your mobile device.
d)
Information collected from third parties
.
In accordance with applicable law, we may collect personal information about you from third parties, such as social media websites/applications, which we may combine with the information we already hold about you in order to help us improve and customize our Sites to your preferences and for other purposes set forth in this Privacy Statement.
Our use of information
We may use the personal information collected via our Sites or when you contact us for purposes that include:
Services and transactions.
We may use your personal information to deliver services to you or carry out transactions you have requested, including, but not limited to, providing information on Company products or services you have purchased or otherwise use, registering purchased products, processing product orders, handling warranty claims, replacing product manuals, answering customer service requests and facilitating the use of our Sites.
Administering and protecting our business and Sites.
We may use your personal information to administer and protect our business and our Sites, including troubleshooting, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data.
Improving our business, Sites, products and services.
We may use your personal information to perform business analyses or for other purposes that help us to develop and improve the quality of our business, Sites, products and services (including new products and services), for example, by customizing our Sites to your particular preferences or interests.
Marketing.
In accordance with applicable laws and regulations, we may use your personal information to inform you of products or services which may be of interest to you, and to otherwise communicate with you about offerings, events and news, surveys, special offers, and related topics. You are able to opt-out from marketing communications sent via e-mail at any time, free of charge by using the “unsubscribe” link in any e-mail marketing materials you receive from us, or by contacting us using the contact information listed in this Privacy Statement. Depending on your country of residence, you may also be able to opt out of other types of marketing communications; please contact us using the contact information listed in the Privacy Statement for more information.
Employment applications.
In connection with a job application or inquiry, you may provide us with information about yourself, such as a resume/curriculum vitae, professional references, information about education and job background, and information about professional training and certifications. We and members of our group may use this information for the purpose of employment consideration, and as otherwise set forth in any separate privacy statement or other notice made available to in connection with your application.
Research and analysis.
We may use your personal information to conduct research and analysis to help us analyze your purchasing preferences, identify the products and services that best meet your requirements and measure the effectiveness of the advertising we serve you.
Enforcement:
We may use the personal information we collect in order to detect, prevent and respond to fraud, intellectual property infringement, violations of our terms and conditions, violations of law or other misuse of our Sites.
Where permitted by law, we may combine the information that we collect via our Sites with other information we hold about you (such as information about your use of our products and services) in order to offer you an improved and consistent customer experience when interacting with us or for other purposes set forth in this Privacy Statement.
The legal basis on which we process information
Where required by law, we will ensure there is a legal basis for the processing of your personal information. In most cases the legal basis will be that:
the processing is necessary for the performance of the services we provide to you;
the processing is necessary to comply with our legal obligations, including compliance with applicable laws, regulations, governmental and quasi-governmental requests, court orders or subpoenas;
the processing is based on your consent to the processing of your personal information for one or more specified purposes (e.g. marketing); or
the processing is necessary to meet our legitimate interests, for example to develop and improve our Sites, products and/or services for the benefit of our customers.
Anonymizing information
In accordance with applicable law, we may anonymize your personal information so that it can no longer be used to identify you. Anonymized information is not considered personal information and is therefore not subject to this Privacy Statement. We may collect, use and share anonymized information for any purpose.
How long we keep information
The period during which we store your personal information varies depending on the purpose for the processing. For example, we store personal information needed to provide you with products and services, or to facilitate transactions you have requested, for so long as you are a customer of the Company. We store your personal information for marketing purposes until you have opted out of receiving further direct marketing communications in accordance with applicable law. If you submit an employment application via our Sites, we will retain details of your application as set forth in the privacy statement or other notice made available to you in connection with your application or as otherwise required by law. In all other cases, we store your personal information for as long as is needed to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy statement, following which time it is either anonymized (where permitted by applicable law), deleted or destroyed.
Disclosure of information
We may share your personal information with selected third parties in accordance with applicable law, including as set out below.
Our group companies.
We may share your personal information with our affiliates and group companies as reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Statement.
Service providers
. We may share your personal information with companies with which we have contracted to provide services on our behalf, such as hosting websites, conducting surveys, processing transactions, analyzing our Sites and performing analyses to improve the quality of our business, Sites, products and services. We require these service providers to protect the confidentiality of your personal information.
Distributors and other trusted business partners
. We may share your personal information with third parties that distribute our products and other trusted business partners for purposes that include allowing those third parties to send marketing communications to you. Such sharing of personal information for marketing purposes will be performed in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.
Disclosure in connection with transactions
. In connection with certain transactions, we may disclose some or all of your personal information to financial institutions, government entities and shipping companies or postal services involved in fulfillment of the transaction.
Disclosures in connection with acquisitions or divestitures
. Circumstances may arise where for strategic or other business reasons the Company decides to sell, buy, divest, merge or otherwise reorganize businesses in some countries. We may disclose information we maintain about you to the extent reasonably necessary to proceed with the negotiation or completion of a merger, acquisition, divestiture or sale of all or a portion of the Company’s assets.
Disclosure for other reasons
. We may disclose personal information if required or authorized to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with legal requirements or with legal process served on us, to protect and defend our rights or property or, in urgent circumstances, to protect the personal safety of any individual.
International transfers
We are a global company. By using or accessing our Sites or contacting us and giving your information to us, you acknowledge and agree that your personal information may be collected in, transferred to and accessed by the Company, our group companies, suppliers, distributors and other business partners and/or agents located in countries outside of your country or residence, including, but not limited to, the United States, Mexico and India, in accordance with applicable law. Please be aware that the privacy protections and legal requirements, including the rights of authorities to access your personal information, in some of these countries may not be equivalent to those in your country of residence. However, we will take reasonable steps to protect your privacy and to provide a level of protection of personal information that is comparable to that of your country of residence.
Users Located in the European Economic Area (EEA)
Where required, we have put in place appropriate safeguards with our group companies, service providers, contractors, distributors and other business partners and agents to ensure that transfers of personal information outside the EEA are adequately protected. These safeguards typically comprise the EU Standard Contractual Clauses in accordance with Article 46(2) of the EU General Data Protection Regulation. For more information on the appropriate safeguards in place to protect your personal information, please contact us using the details at the end of this Privacy Statement.
Security
We are committed to protecting the security of your personal information. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure, including implementation of such security measures as may be required by applicable law.However, no information system can be 100% secure, so we cannot guarantee the absolute security of your personal information. Moreover, we are not responsible for the security of information you transmit to the Sites over networks that we do not control, including the Internet and wireless networks.
The safety and security of your personal information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a User ID and password to access the Sites, you are responsible for keeping those log-on credentials confidential and not revealing them to others.
Cookies and similar technologies
What is a cookie?
Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information which is downloaded to your hard disk or to your browser's memory when you visit one of our Sites. Cookies are useful because they help arrange the content and layout of our Sites and allow us to recognize those computers or other devices that have been to our Sites before. Cookies do many different jobs, such as allowing our Sites to remember your preference settings and helping us to enhance the usability and performance of our Sites and your experience using them.
Our Sites also may contain electronic images known as web beacons – sometimes called single-pixel gifs – that allow us to count the number of users who have visited specific pages. We may include web beacons in promotional e-mail messages or newsletters in order to determine whether messages have been opened and acted upon.
Categories of cookies and similar technologies that we use
The type of cookie or similar technology that may be used on our Sites can be put into 1 of 4 categories: Strictly Necessary, Performance, Functionality & Profile and Advertising.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
These cookies are essential, as they enable you to move around our Sites and use their features, particularly in connection with information searches and order placement. Without these cookies, services you have asked for cannot be provided. These cookies do not gather information about you that could be used for marketing or remembering where you have been on the internet. An example of a strictly necessary cookie is a “shopping basket cookie,” which is used to remember the products that you wish to purchase when you add products to your shopping basket or proceed to checkout.
Performance Cookies
These cookies collect information about how you use our Sites, for example which pages you go to most often and if you get any error messages from certain pages. These cookies collect information that is used to improve how our Sites work. Without these cookies we cannot learn how our Sites are performing and make relevant improvements that could better your browsing experience. Examples of performance cookies that our Sites use include Google and Adobe Analytics (see further discussion below).
Functionality & Profile Cookies
These cookies allow our Sites to store information that you provide such as your site language preferences and to store technical information useful for your interactions with our Sites. For instance, they remember your user ID and elements of your user profile. They also ensure that your experience using the Sites and our marketing efforts are relevant to you. They may also be used to provide services you have asked for such as watching a video or commenting on a blog. These cookies will not be used to track your browsing activity on other websites.
Without these cookies, a website cannot remember choices you have previously made or personalize your browsing experience. For example, we use a cookie to store your language preferences, which allows us to present you with product search results in the correct language, and we use a cookie to store your choice about the appearance of the cookie information banner that we display on our Sites. This cookie will help us remember your choice about the appearance of the cookie information banner when you subsequently visit the same site where you made your choice about the banner and any other Company sites with the same domain or the same top-level domain.
Advertising Cookies and Similar Technologies
These cookies or similar technologies may be used to deliver advertisements that are more relevant to you and your interests. They may also be used to limit the times you see an advertisement as well as help to measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaign. These cookies may track your visits to other websites. Without these cookies or other technologies, online advertisements you encounter will be less relevant to you and your interests.
We permit third-party advertising partners to use cookies and other technologies to collect information about your browsing activities over time and across different websites when you use our Sites, including products that you browse or purchase and your location. Examples of advertising cookies or similar technologies that we use include Google AdWords and Facebook Pixels.
Setting your cookie preference
You may be asked to consent to our use of cookies as described in this Privacy Statement by way of a cookie information banner upon your first use of our Sites. You can usually modify your browser settings to decline cookies and you can withdraw your consent at any time by modifying the settings of your browser to reject or disable cookies. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the features of the Sites or other websites that you visit.
Our use of web analytics
We use industry standard web analytics to track visits to our sites. These analytics are provided by Google Analytics, Adobe Analytics, Facebook Pixels, Sitecore Analytics and Coveo (“Web Analytics Providers”). The information generated by the cookie about your use of our Sites (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by our Web Analytic Providers on their servers. The Web Analytics Providers will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of our Sites, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. The Web Analytics Providers may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on their behalf.
You may opt out of Google, Adobe or Facebook web analytics or otherwise control how these technologies are used when you visit our sites, by following the instructions here:
Google Analytics Opt Out Link
Adobe Analytics Opt Out Link
Facebook Privacy Settings Link
(you must be logged into your account)
Do Not Track
Some web browsers may transmit “do-not-track” signals to the Sites with which the user communicates. Because of differences in how web browsers incorporate and activate this feature, it is not always clear whether users intend for these signals to be transmitted, or whether they even are aware of them. We currently do not take action in response to these signals.
Your rights
You may have certain rights with respect to personal information about you that is collected through the Sites or when you contact us. If you are a resident of the EEA, the rights described below may apply to you. For other users, the rights that apply to you will depend on the laws of your country of residence. We will facilitate your exercise of the rights that apply to you in accordance with applicable law. For more information about your rights, please contact us using the contact details at the end of this Privacy Statement.
Access
: You may have the right to access, review and correct personal information collected through our Sites or when you contact us. In some cases, you can do this by going to the page on which you provided the information. You can help us to maintain the accuracy of your information by notifying us of any change to your mailing address, phone number or e-mail address.
Object
: YOU MAY BE ENTITLED TO OBJECT TO CERTAIN TYPES OF PROCESSING ACTIVITIES INVOLVING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION, INCLUDING WHERE WE ARE RELYING ON A LEGITIMATE INTEREST TO PROCESS YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION OR WHERE WE ARE PROCESSING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION FOR DIRECT MARKETING. IN SOME CASES, WE MAY DEMONSTRATE THAT WE HAVE COMPELLING LEGITIMATE GROUNDS TO CONTINUE TO PROCESS YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION IN WHICH CASE WE ARE NOT OBLIGED TO COMPLY WITH YOUR REQUEST.
Erasure
: You may be entitled to request the erasure of your personal information, for example, where the information is no longer necessary for the purposes for which they were collected.
Restriction
: You may be entitled to request that we restrict our processing of your personal information, for example, where the accuracy of the information is contested by you.
Data portability
: You may be entitled to receive and reuse your personal information for your own purposes. This is known as the right to data portability and, where applicable, requires us to move, copy or transfer your personal information from our systems to you or (where technically feasible) a third party chosen by you without affecting its usability.
Consent
: If you have provided your consent to the processing of your personal information, you may have the right to withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us using the contact details at the end of this Privacy Statement or, in the case of email marketing, by using the “unsubscribe” link in any of our marketing emails. This won’t affect the lawfulness of any processing up to that point.
We will respond to any requests from you to exercise your rights within the timeframes required by law. We may charge a fee to facilitate your request where permitted by law. To exercise any of your rights, please contact us using the contact details set out at the end of this Privacy Statement. We may take steps to verify your identity before taking action on a request. If you believe our processing of your personal information does not comply with data protection law, you can make a complaint to the supervisory authority in charge of overseeing compliance with data protection law in your jurisdiction. We would however appreciate the chance to address your concerns, so please feel free to contact us regarding any complaint you may have.
If you have questions about your rights, or would like to exercise your rights, you can submit a privacy information request at the following link:
https://rezi.secure.force.com/PrivacyInformationRequestForm
Children's information
We do not knowingly collect information from children and do not target or direct our Sites to children. The meaning of “children” is subject to the laws and regulations in the jurisdiction in which you are located.
Links to other websites
Our Sites may contain links to third-party websites, products and services. We have no liability or responsibility for those websites, products and services, their policies, or their collection or other processing of your personal information. The practices of those third parties with respect to information collected through their websites, products or services is governed by their own privacy policies. We encourage you to learn about the privacy policies of those third parties.
Contact us
If you have questions regarding this Privacy Statement or our handling of your personal information, would like to lodge a complaint, or wish to contact our Data Protection Officer, please contact us using the contact information listed below. We will promptly address your concern and strive to reach a satisfactory resolution.
Email :
ResideoPrivacy@Resideo.com
Mailing Address :
Resideo Privacy
251 Little Falls Drive
Wilmington DE 19808
United States
California Consumer Privacy Act
Supplementary Privacy Statement
EULA
End User License Agreement
Changes to this Privacy Statement
We may occasionally update this Privacy Statement. When we do, we will revise the "last updated" date at the top and bottom of the Privacy Statement and take such additional steps as may be required by law.
Your Exclusive Offer
Receive 10% off sitewide on your first order when you sign up for our emails.
You’re Already Subscribed!
Sorry, something went wrong. We are working on it.
*Required Fields
Country*
United States
Email*
I am a US resident over 18 years of age and agree to the
Resideo Privacy Policy
.*
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Continue Shopping
Success!
Thank you for signing up. Your first email containing an exclusive coupon code will be arriving shortly. Be on the lookout for other deals and offers too.
Start shopping
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=privacy&privacy_source=privacy:
Notice
You must confirm your password to edit your account settings.
Log Into Facebook
You must confirm your password to edit your account settings.
Log In
Forgot account?
·
Sign up for Facebook
English (US)
Gaeilge
Polski
Lietuvių
Português (Brasil)
Русский
Română
Español
Français (France)
Deutsch
Italiano
Meta © 2025
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to help provide and improve content on
Meta Products
. We also use them to provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and to provide and improve Meta Products for people who have an account.
Essential cookies: These cookies are required to use Meta Products and are necessary for our sites to work as intended.
Cookies from other companies: We use these cookies to show you ads off of Meta Products and to provide features like maps and videos on Meta Products. These cookies are optional.
You have control over the optional cookies we use. Learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choices at any time in our
Cookies Policy
.
About cookies
What are cookies?
Learn more
Why do we use cookies?
Learn more
What are Meta Products?
Learn more
Your cookie choices
Learn more
Cookies from other companies
We use cookies from
other companies
in order to show you ads off of our Products, and provide features like maps, payment services and video.
Choose cookies by category
How we use these cookies
If you allow these cookies
If you don't allow these cookies
Other ways you can control your information
Manage your ad experience in Accounts Center
More information about online advertising
Controlling cookies with browser settings
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Sub-policy 1
https://nam12.safelinks.protection.outlook.com/?url=https%3A%2F%2Frezi.secure.force.com%2FPrivacyInformationRequestForm&data=04%7C01%7CChiouYueh.HoKenny%40resideo.com%7Cba9f19fb7314420c037408d976c28d93%7C6ebe80ab81af47a1851df70413b65873%7C0%7C0%7C637671400230744486%7CUnknown%7CTWFpbGZsb3d8eyJWIjoiMC4wLjAwMDAiLCJQIjoiV2luMzIiLCJBTiI6Ik1haWwiLCJXVCI6Mn0%3D%7C1000&sdata=PAnbbKPvfebmnlKYVjRSQZQAbHKw2GeNthqXh%2FlMZsI%3D&reserved=0:
Submit Privacy Information Request
In a few easy steps, you can request access to your data and/or correct and update your information. Fill out the form below detailing your request and we will contact you shortly.
First Name *
Last Name *
Group within Resideo with which you do business *
ADI
Genesis Cable
LifeCare
LifeWhere
Resideo Air
Resideo Comfort
Resideo Security
Resideo Water
Function within Resideo with which you are inquiring about *
Customer Support
Field Service
Marketing
Product
Supplier
Tech Support
Products*
--None--
Assurance 360
Autocube
Comfort Point Open
GLSS Fire Alarm and Intrusion Detection
Total Comfort Connect
N/A
Sub Products*
--None--
Customer Email Address *
Customer phone number
Customer location / country *
--None--
Afghanistan
Aland Islands
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Plurinational State of Bolivia
Sint Eustatius and Saba Bonaire
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote d'Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Curaçao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Holy See (Vatican City State)
Honduras
Hungary
Iceland
Indonesia
Islamic Republic of Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Democratic People's Republic of Korea
Republic of Korea
Kosovo
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao
the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Republic of Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palestine
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Barthélemy
Ascension and Tristan da Cunha Saint Helena
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin (French part)
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Serbia and Montenegro
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Sint Maarten (Dutch part)
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syrian Arab Republic
Taiwan
Tajikistan
United Republic of Tanzania
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela
Vietnam
British Virgin Islands
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
N/A
Preferred language
--None--
Chinese
Czech
Danish
Dutch
English
Finnish
French
French-Canadian
German
Hungarian
Italian
Korean
Norwegian
Polish
Portuguese
Romanian
Russian
Slovak
Spanish
Swedish
Turkish
N/A
What is your relationship with Resideo? *
--None--
Customer of Resideo products or solutions
Distributor
Reseller
Manufacturer
Contractor
Consulting engineer
Builder
Retail
Other
Other Customer*
Company Name
Customer ID/Number
The number assigned to your account
Request type *
--None--
Europe - Right to Access
Europe - Right to Erasure
Europe - Right to Object
Europe - Right to Portability
Europe - Right to Rectification
Europe - Right to Suspend Processing
California - Right to Know
California - Right to Delete
Other
Description of Request *
Please provide as much detail about your request as possible, as well as any information that is pertinent to your account (product name, model number, etc.)
Submit Information Request
Reset
*Indicates mandatory fields
For general questions,
click here.
Sub-policy 2
https://www.resideo.com/us/en/-/media/Resideo/Files/Legal/REZI%20-%20US%20State-specific%20Privacy%20Statement%20-%20Products%20Websites%20-%20Dec%2016%202022.pdf?rv=d34e2fa0efa14c4d9a94f108dce88a93:
