Help
What is SkyPhone?
Download
We, QuadSystem.Co. Ltd (hereinafter referred to as the "We") set forth the following Privacy Policy and make every effort to fulfill Our commitment to respecting and protecting your privacy.
1. Information We Obtain
We only collect your personal information that is necessary for you to use Our services.
The following are examples of information that We collect including non-personal information in some cases.
(1) Information for you to provide to Us
Your profile information (Your nickname is acceptable)
e-mail address (if using point of call)
Remittance information (PayPal receipt)
For Account Recovery
Information relating to your inquiries to SkyPhone user support
Your name, phone number, e-mail address
Note: Your name, phone number, e-mail address will be collected depending on its necessity.
(2) Information that We collect
Your IP address
Cookies, etc.
Your device information (including OS, device model and time zone)
Information relating to your use of Our service (including the date and time, call duration)
History of outgoing and incoming calls
Message history
Point Usage History
Point Purchase History
Internal identifier to be assigned when linking related services
Information regarding debug
(3) Personal Data Obtained from Third Parties
We may obtain personal data from third parties through the following methods
As part of the provision of our applications and services, we may use outside service providers. Such service providers may include advertising networks, analytics tools, payment processors, etc. These service providers may automatically provide Personal Data when you use our Apps and Services.
We will use Personal Data obtained from third parties for the purposes and to the extent described in this Privacy Policy. We will also properly protect and manage Personal Data in accordance with strict contractual terms and legal requirements.
(4)Retention Period of Personal Data
We define the retention period of personal data according to the following criteria
Texts sent in messages between users will not be used for any purpose other than message delivery (e.g., resending messages in the event of communication failure) with the consent of the user. This information is retained for the period of time notified to the user, after which it is automatically deleted from our servers.
2. Purposes of Use of Your Information
We use your information for the following purposes.
To improve Our services
To notify users of new services or updated information
To respond to your inquiries
To optimize the service
To improve communication experience between users
For payment of consideration to the Master
If We provide you with more specific purpose(s) of use at the time We ask you to provide your information, the information will be used within the scope of the specific purpose(s).
3. IP address information, cookies, and other identifiers
IP address information, cookies, and other identifiers are not considered personal information because they alone cannot identify a specific individual, but they are considered personally identifiable information because they relate to a living individual. However, when such information is used in conjunction with other personal information or personal-related information, it is treated as personal information.
4.Cookie Policy
Used to synchronize information between WebView and the application in order to provide the functionality of the application.
The cookies we use are used only by us and are not shared with third parties.
We are not involved in tracking for advertising purposes.
5. Sharing Your Information to a Third Party
We will not provide a third party with your personal information without getting a prior consent from you except for the following cases.
(1)In cases where it is legally required
(2)In cases where it is required in order to protect someone's life, body or property and also it is difficult to get the person's consent
(3)In cases where it is strongly required in order to improve the public sanitary or to promote a sound development of a child and also it is difficult to get the person's consent
(4)In cases where it is required for Us to help a national agency, local public agency or commissioned agency to complete the general affairs set forth by a law and also getting the person's consent can obstruct completing the corresponding affairs
(5)In cases where the following were notified or published in advance.
Sharing with a third-party is included in the purposes of use
Data items to be provided to a third party
Measures or methods to provide the information to a third party
Termination of provison of personal information to a third party may occur in accordance with the person's request
Regardless of the above, the concerned parties are not considered as a third party in the following cases.
(1) In cases where We provide your personal information due to Our business succession which is occurred by a merger or other incidents
(2)In cases where your personal information is shared with Our partner service providers to which We outsource our user support service, hosting service and so on
(3)In cases where your personal information is shared with a specified party other than Our partner service provider mentioned above and the following is notified to you in advance or easily accessible to you; the purpose and scope of sharing your personal information, the full name or name of the party who is in charge of the management of your personal information
Note: The parties are obliged to take organizational and technical measures in order to protect your personal information and communication data and observe the relevant laws.
6. Disclosure of Your Information
We may disclose your personal information in the following cases.
In cases where We have your consent
In cases where We have to use or provide it in accordance with the regulations of laws
In cases where users violate Our Terms of Use and We decide that disclosure is necessary to protect Our rights, property, services, and so on
7. Security
We make every effort to prevent or correct the following matters; unfair access to personal information, losing or throwing away of personal information, missing, breaking down, falsification and leaking of information.
8. Business Transfer
If We transfer Our business due to the purchase of a part of or the whole of Our assets and the user's personal information is also transferred to a new business owner, We request the new business owner to protect the user's personal information in the same degree stipulated in this Privacy Policy. Without getting agreement regarding the above, We will not transfer Our business.
When We conduct the asset purchase or business transfer, We will previously notify you of the change of service owner and personal information management on Our website.
9. Confirmation and Modification of Personal Information
You can confirm or modify your registered information at any time.
10. Personal Information of Users under 18 Years Old
When users under 18 years old provide Us with their personal information, their guardian's consent is required.
11. Modifications of the Privacy Policy
We may modify the Privacy Policy without prior notice to you.
When We modify the Privacy Policy, a notice of important modifications will be posted on Our website.
12. Inquiries
If you have any questions about the Privacy Policy, please contact Us using the form below.
<SkyPhone User Support>
Contact form
Date of Enactment: July 23, 2018
Date of Update: November 14, 2018
Date of Update: December 17, 2018
Date of Update: February 1, 2019
Date of Update: May 27, 2019
Date of Update: September 1, 2020
Date of Update: February 28, 2023
Date of Update: July 3, 2023
Date of Update: December 25, 2023
Date of Update: November 29, 2024
Date of Update: March 12, 2025
Instagram
Facebook
Twitter
Top Page
Help
Download
What is SkyPhone?
Blog
Terms of Use
Terms of Use for Masters
Terms of Use for Paid Services
Privacy Policy
Legal info based on the Payment Services Act
Legal info based on the Act on Specified Commercial Transactions
Contact Us
About Us
日本語
｜English
© 2014 QuadSystem Co., Ltd.