Garfield: Survival of the Fattest Mobile Application Privacy Policy
Effective date: March 1st, 2015
Last updated date: February 10th, 2020
Kids Privacy Assured by PRIVO: COPPA Safe Harbor Certification
PIXOWL INC is a member of the PRIVO Kids Privacy Assured COPPA Safe Harbor Certification
Program (“the Program”). The Program certification applies to the digital properties listed on the validation page that is viewable by clicking on the link below. PRIVO is an independent, third-party organization committed to safeguarding children's personal information collected online. The PRIVO COPPA certification Seal posted on this page indicates PIXOWL INC has established COPPA compliant privacy practices and has agreed to submit to PRIVO’s oversight and consumer dispute resolution process. If you have questions or concerns about our privacy practices, please contact us at (833) 807-4006 or
privacy@pixowl.com
Sorry, you need Javascript on to email me.
or by phone at (833) 807-4006. If you have further concerns after you have contacted us, you can contact PRIVO directly at
privacy@privo.com
.
To view the PRIVO verified page for the COPPA Safe Harbor program please visit this link:
https://cert.privo.com/#/companies/pixowl
Collection and use of personal data
The Application collects localisation information, device model, OS version, language, IP address, IDFA, and UDID. This information is used to improve the quality of service and to provide general statistics about the Garfield: Survival of the Fattest app. Users have the option to create an account with a nickname and email address.
Children’s Privacy
The Application does not actively collect information from users 12 and under. The Application collects localisation information, device model, OS version, language, IP address, and UDID, and geolocation information at country or state level. Younger users are unable to create an account or access sharing features within the Application. We do work with some third party providers in relation to children 12 years of age or under.
These include the following third party providers who do not share our user data with any other third parties.
We work with Flurry analytics restricted version to better understand your use of the app and to improve your experience. For more information on Flurry please see their privacy policy here:
Flurry Restricted
Disclosure
The Application may disclose personal information only if required by law or in case there is the firm belief that such action is necessary to:
Comply with laws and local regulations.
Protect and defend the rights or property of the Application and PIXOWL INC.
In the event that the company is merged or sold.
General Privacy Policy
Collection and use of personal data
The Application collects localisation information, device model, OS version, language, IP address, IDFA, and UDID. This information is used to improve the quality of service and to
provide general statistics about the Garfield: Survival of the Fattest app. Users have the option to create an account with a nickname and email address.
We work with the following third party providers in relation to users 13 and older:
Crashlytics
Leanplum
Helpshift
NatigeX
Adjust
Adcolony
Chartboost
If you would like to delete your child’s account please contact us at:
privacy@pixowl.com
Sorry, you need Javascript on to email me.
Links
We may include links to third parties from the website or services. The Garfield App isn’t responsible for these companies and because we have a link doesn’t mean we endorse them. Your use of our services maybe subject to the terms and conditions and privacy policies of other services that we don’t control such as mobile app stores, mobile software platforms or payment processors. Please be sure to check their privacy policies if you decide to visit them.
Security
Garfield: Survival of the Fattest uses generally accepted security measures and safeguards in an attempt to keep the data it collects secure and requires that the third parties it works with agree to do the same. The measures and safeguards include limiting access to the data to those persons who need it to complete their work for Garfield: Survival of the Fattest and using a fire-wall protected environment and storing personal information in secure operating environments. Please be aware though that, despite our best efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable.
Control and access to personal information
If you would like to review, remove or delete any of your information please contact us at:
privacy@pixowl.com
Sorry, you need Javascript on to email me.
.
Changes to this privacy policy
We reserve the right to modify this document. Please check back regularly for updates. If we have collected your email address will we notify you of any material changes to this policy.
Notice to California Residents:
If you are a California resident, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits you to request information regarding the disclosure of your personal information by certain members of The Garfield App to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. With respect to these entities, this Privacy Policy applies only to their activities within the State of California. To make such a request, please send an email to
privacy@pixowl.com
Sorry, you need Javascript on to email me.
or write to us at the address below.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you may contact us by email at
privacy@pixowl.com
Sorry, you need Javascript on to email me.
, by phone at (833) 807-4006 or by mail at:
PIXOWL INC.
350 Townsend Street #836
SAN FRANCISCO, CA
94107
© Copyright 2015 Pixowl, Inc.
All rights reserved.
Garfield is a trademark of Paws, Inc.