PROTECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
NOTICE IN TERMS OF SECTION 18
This Protection of Personal Information Notice is published by EMG Technologies (Pty) Limited (
‘’EMGuidance/we/us’’
) in terms of section 18 of the Protection of Personal Information Act (Act 4 of 2013).
Our details are:
Registered name:                   EMG Technologies (Pty) Limited
Registration number:            2016/083286/07
Physical address:                   Ground Floor, West Tower, Sandown Mews, 88 Stella Road, Sandton, Johannesburg, 2196
Postal address:                       Ground Floor, West Tower, Sandown Mews, 88 Stella Road, Sandton, Johannesburg, 2196
Telephone number: 010 5181881
Website address:
www.emguidance.com
Name of Information Officer: Yaseen Khan
Contact email:
support@emguidance.com
EMGuidance collects, uses and shares personal information in and through a number of its operational systems and processes when providing access to its platform and services to its clients, users and in its dealings with its suppliers, service providers, and business partners.
EMGuidance respects your rights when we collect and process your personal information, including your right to be reasonably protected against the unlawful collection, retention, sharing and use of your personal information.
What personal information do we collect?
We may collect the following personal information from you when you register, access and use the EMGuidance platform:
Full names
Email address
IP address/addresses
Browser details (processing via website)
Mobile Device details (processing via mobile app)
Professional registration number
Professional role
Professional role speciality
Worksite
Areas of Interest
Location
Giving us this personal information is voluntary. However, if you do not give us this information, we will be unable to provide you with access to our platform.
What do we use your personal information for?
The personal information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To verify your professional council status to ensure that access is provided to registered healthcare professionals
To verify your location to ensure that you have access to localized medicine and clinical information
To personalize your experience of our services and products;
To improve our services and products;
To improve our user support service, including to more effectively respond to your service requests and support needs
To comply with our obligations under any law;
To send periodic emails and in-app communications about our products and services;
We may use anonymous platform usage data for statistical, research and commercial purposes. Anonymized platform usage data does not have any unique personal information in these data records; in other words the information cannot be used to identify you.
Please note that we only collect and process your information for one or more of the above purposes and for no other purpose unless we have obtained your consent beforehand.
Do we only collect personal information from you?
We will  collect personal information about you directly from you. If we ever need to collect your personal information from another source, where that information is already public record we will notify you of the update within a reasonable time. Examples of public record include, HPCSA register, SAPC register and SANC register.
How long do we keep your personal information for?
We will only keep your personal information for as long as you are a registered user of the platform. Upon signing up to the platform, we verify you based on the information provided. If you are not verified, we will keep your information for a limited time before deleting or destroying it, unless we need to keep it for longer for evidential reasons or to comply with our other legal obligations.
How do we keep your information secure?
We implement and maintain a variety of physical and technical security safeguards to keep any personal information in our possession secure against internal and external risks, taking into account generally accepted information security practices and procedures.
If the security of our systems or our service providers’ systems is ever breached, and your personal information is leaked or shared with someone who is not authorised to have it, we will notify you as soon as it is reasonably possible in the quickest way possible to help you avoid or reduce any potential losses.
How can you access, correct and/or update the personal information we have in our possession?
You have the right to ask, free of charge, whether we have a record of any of your personal information and the details of that information. This information is also available to you on the profile section of the platform. You are able to access and update this information at any time to ensure that it is accurate.
You may also request access to any such record in terms of the procedure set out in our Information Manual together with payment of the prescribed fee.
While we take reasonably practical steps to make sure our records containing your personal information are always complete, accurate and updated when necessary, you must notify us immediately if you believe any personal information in our possession is inaccurate or out of date.
We will then investigate the matter and if any personal information is found to be incorrect, incomplete, inaccurate, irrelevant, excessive, out of date, misleading or was not collected according to the terms of this privacy notice, we will correct, update or delete that information within a reasonable time.
If you notify us that any of the personal information we have about you is not correct or accurate, or needs to be updated, we will immediately stop using that information until we have either corrected or updated it, or we can show that the information is actually correct and up to date.
Do we share your personal information with anyone else?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer your personal information to outside parties without your consent. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in conducting our business, or providing our services and products to our users. Such persons are each bound by a contractual duty to keep your personal information confidential and secure.
We may also release your personal information when we believe it is necessary to comply with the law, or protect our rights, property, or safety, or the rights, property or safety of yourself or other persons.
We may also share certain anonymous platform usage information  with outside parties for statistical, or research or commercial purposes. Anonymous platform usage data cannot be used to identify you.
Do we transfer your information to other countries?
It may be necessary from time to time for us to transfer your personal information to a jurisdiction other than your own for the purposes of supplying a particular service or product to you.  This is because, as a technology platform, our system relies partly on other cloud-hosting and software tools in order to deliver the best service to you, and these third parties may reside outside of South Africa.
When we do need to transfer your personal information to another country, we will only do so if that country and the software service utilised, has the same or similar legal and technical protection in place to protect your personal information.
Do we use cookies?
Yes. Cookies are small files that we use on the website which transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your web browser (if you allow it) to enable us to recognize your login details, browser and capture and remember certain information about your settings and preferences.
We use cookies to make our website and our users' experience more efficient and to help us improve our services.
Direct marketing
We may contact you by email, telephone or other electronic messaging services with offers of similar products or services or information that may be relevant and useful to you. By registering to use any of our products or services and providing us with your contact details, or the contact details of your company and other registered users, you consent to being contacted by these methods for marketing purposes.
Should you no longer wish to receive email direct marketing communications from us, you may unsubscribe by following the instructions at the bottom of the email sent. This excludes in-app communications. If you wish to cancel in-app message or revoke consent to the terms & conditions, this will effectively mean that you do not require access to the platform anymore. In this event to cancel your access to the platform, please send an email to
support@emguidance.com
.
Complaints
We respect your right to privacy and undertake to only collect and use your personal information when it is necessary and relevant to our business needs and only according to the terms set out in this notice.
If you are not happy with anything we do in relation to your personal information, you may lodge an objection or complaint with our information officer Yaseen Khan,
support@emguidance.com
, 010 518 1881.
If your objection or complaint is not resolved to your satisfaction, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Regulator at:
The Information Regulator of South Africa
Physical address:
JD House, 27 Stiemens Street
Braamfontein
Johannesburg
2001
Postal address: P.O Box 31533, Braamfontein, Johannesburg, 2017
Complaints email:
complaints.IR@justice.gov.za
Changes to this notice
This privacy notice may change and you should therefore review it regularly before using our services or products.
Date of last review: 30 June 2021
.
EMGuidance © 2025