Toco
mail
Home
For Kids
For Parents
Get Started
FAQ
Sign Up
Privacy Policy
Thank you for your interest to Tocomail. We understand how important privacy is to you and your family, which is why we are committed to creating a safe and secure email environment that children and their parents can enjoy. We have created this Privacy Policy keeping your family privacy and safety in mind.
This Privacy Policy describes how we use, share, and protect information that we collect from you and your child online through Tocomail email service (the "Service") and it applies all individuals from whom we receive personally identifiable information this would include, but not necessarily be limited to, parents, guardians, and children.
Collection of Information
You or your child may be prompted to provide some or all of the following types of information in order to register, access account or features, send emails, submit photos, directly contact us with questions or feedback, or access other features of the Service:
Parent contact information, such as name and e-mail address
Usernames and passwords for parents and children
Picture Avatars
Communications preferences
Correspondence you send to us
You may view and make changes to your account information or delete all of your account information at any time.
Use of Information
We generally use the information that we collect about you or your child to:
Fulfill your or your child's requests for Service
Analyze use of the Service to understand and improve our service offerings, such as determining which features are most popular, which browsers are most used, how much time users spend using the Service
Prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities and enforce the
Terms of Service
We may aggregate your or your child's information with information about other users so that it no longer identifies and cannot reasonably be used to identify an individual person.
If our privacy policy changes, we will notify you via email, place a prominent notice on our web site, and give you an opportunity to delete your information from our records.
Disclosure of Information
Tocomail does not share with third parties any Personally Identifiable Information for any child or parent accounts, regardless of the child's age except in the case of:
Business transfers. We may share information in connection with a substantial business transaction, such as the sale of the Service, a merger, consolidation, asset sale, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy. In this case we will notify you via email, place a prominent notice on our web site, and give you an opportunity to delete your Personally Identifiable Information from our records.
Legal purposes. We may disclose information to respond to subpoenas, court orders, legal process, law enforcement requests, legal claims or government inquiries, and to protect and defend the rights, interests, property, safety, and security of Tocomail, users, or the public.
We do not sell, rent or otherwise distribute access to children's email addresses. We may share aggregated and anonymized information with third parties, to help us further develop our Service.
Use of Cookies and Other Technologies
To make our Service functional we use cookies. Cookies are small bits of information that are stored by a computer's web browser.
We use these technologies, for example, to help us recognize your or your child's browser as a previous user and save and remember any preferences that may have been saved.
If you choose to refuse, disable, or delete these technologies, some of the functionality of our site may no longer be available to you or your child.
Protection of Information
We are committed to protecting your and your child's information. We have adopted reasonable technical, administrative, and physical procedures to help protect this information from loss, misuse, and alteration. Please note that no data transmission or storage can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. We want you to feel confident using the Service but we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you or your child transmit to us.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may revise this Privacy Policy, for example, to reflect changes in the law, our practices, or the features of the Service. These changes will be effective immediately upon posting. As a result, you should periodically review the Privacy Policy so that you are up to date on our most current policies and practices. By using the Service, you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy, and, by continuing to use the Service after changes have been made, you agree to the changes.
Still Have Questions?
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this policy, please contact us at:
Tocobox Inc
303 Wyman St., Suite 312
Waltham, MA 02451
support@tocobox.org
Please read the
Terms of Service
for this site.