Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy
These Terms and Conditions and this Privacy Policy govern the manner in which Catholic Mass Times (Horarios de Misa) collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of the websites www.catholicmasstimes.app and www.horariosdemisa.com, and the Catholic Mass Times and Horarios de Misa mobile applications on iOS and Android platforms.
Personally Identifiable Information
We may collect personally identifiable information from users in a variety of ways in connection with activities, services, features or resources we make available on our sites and mobile applications. Users can visit our sites and use our applications anonymously. We will collect personally identifiable information from users only if they voluntarily submit that information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identifiable information, bearing in mind that this may prevent their participation in certain activities.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information
We may collect non-personally identifiable information about users when they interact with our mobile sites and applications. Non-personally identifiable information may include browser name, device type, and technical information about users by connecting to our site and applications, such as the operating system and internet service providers used and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our sites may use “cookies” to improve the user experience. User’s web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. Users can choose to set their browser to refuse cookies, or to alert them when cookies are being sent. If they do, they should have in consideraton that some parts of the sites may not function properly.
How do we use the information collected?
Catholic Mass Times may collect and use users’ personal information for the following purposes:
To run and operate our sites and mobile applications
The information that users voluntarily send is essential to be able to provide the service.
To improve customer service
Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests more efficiently.
To improve our services
We may use the information you provide to improve our products and services.
To run a promotion, contest, survey, or other site
To send users information they have agreed to receive on topics we think will be of interest to them.
How do we protect your information?
We adopt appropriate collection, storage, and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information, and data stored on our systems.
How do we share your personal information?
We do not sell, trade, or rent our users’ personally identifiable information to third parties. We may share generic demographic information not linked to any personally identifiable information about visitors and users with our trusted business partners, affiliates and advertisers for the purposes listed above.
Third Party Websites
Users may find advertising or content on sections of our site and mobile applications that are provided or link to the sites and services of our partners, vendors, advertisers, sponsors and other third parties. We have no control over the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites that have a link to our site, is subject to that website’s own terms and policies.
Conditions of use of the service and unauthorized activities
Users must not attempt to access our systems without authorization, use the services to send spam, or engage in any activity that may disable, overburden, interfere with, or alter the proper functioning of our services or systems, or affect their integrity, operability, or appearance. They must also not access or collect data from our mobile sites or applications by automated means without our prior written permission, or attempt to access it without our appropriate written permission.
Content submitted by users
Users must not upload or send us indecent, violent, offensive, inappropriate, obscene, illegal or objectionable content, and whoever does so is responsible for any damage it may cause. Nor should they upload content on which they do not have copyright. Users also must not submit content designed to gain unauthorized access to our systems or data. Every time a user sends us content (for example information about a church and activities that take place in it, photographs, etc.) either using our mobile applications or by email, by the mere fact of doing so, they agree to grant us a worldwide license, non-exclusive, transferable, sublicensable and free of rights to host, use, distribute, modify, maintain, reproduce, display, publicly communicate and translate said content, as well as to create derivative works from it, without having the right to receive any compensation, nor request us to mention their authorship, or to request that we remove the content later.
Data deletion
As explained in the preceding paragraphs, the information we store about each user is very limited. If you want to request the complete deletion of all information we possess related to your email,  please send us an email to the address listed below with subject DELETE ALL DATA ABOUT ME . We will proceed with the deletion in the time required by the regulations applying to your case. You will receive an email response when the deletion has been executed.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using our sites and mobile applications, each user indicates their acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our sites or mobile applications. Your continued use of our sites or applications following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Changes to this privacy policy
Catholic Mass Times has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. We encourage users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and to be aware of any changes.
How to get in touch with us?
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, or our practices, please write us an email at the address listed below.
This document was last updated on December 4, 2023.
Contact email: