Mobile App Privacy Policy
Last Modified: July 6, 2024
Introduction
Bee Visual LLC ("
Company
" or "
We
") respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy. This policy describes:
The types of information we may have opportunity to collect or that you may provide when you purchase, download, install, register with, access, or use Choiceworks, Choiceworks Lite and Choiceworks Calendar (the "
Apps
").
Our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information.
This policy applies only to information we collect in the Apps.
This policy DOES NOT apply to information that:
We collect offline or on any other Company apps or websites, including websites you may access through the Apps.
You provide to or is collected by any third party
Our websites and apps, and these other third parties may have their own privacy policies, which we encourage you to read before providing information on or through them.
Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, do not download, register with, or use the Apps. By downloading, registering with, or using the Apps, you agree to this privacy policy. This policy may change from time to time (see Changes to Our Privacy Policy). Your continued use of the Apps after we revise this policy means you accept those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.
Children Under The Age Of 16
Although intended for end-use by and for children, the Apps are made available by common means but are not intended for unattended download by and registration of children under 16 years of age without parental consent and adult supervision. Any such unattended download and registration by children under 16 years of age without parental consent and adult supervision are not sanctioned or authorized by Bee Visual LLC. Bee Visual LLC does not knowingly collect personal information from children under 16 years old. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 16 years of age without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 16 years old, please contact us at info@Beevisual.com.
Information We Collect And How We Collect It
We collect information from and about users of our App:
Directly from you when you provide it to us.
From third-party applications and services
Information You Provide to Us
When you download, register with, or use the Apps, the App store may ask you provide information:
By which you may be personally identified, such as name, postal address, email address, telephone number, any other identifier by which you may be contacted online or offline ("
personal information
").
That is about you but individually does not identify you, such as a custom user name/identification for the Apps and third party websites, services, and applications (e.g. Apple user id).
This information includes:
Information that you provide by filling in forms in the Apps. This includes information provided at the time of registering to use the Apps and making purchases. We may also ask you for information when you report a problem with the Apps.
Records and copies of your correspondence (including email addresses and phone numbers), if you contact us.
Information Collection and Tracking Technologies
The Apps do not collect and store information from and about users automatically when you use the Apps. The Apps do not track, collect, or use cookies and web beacons, or use any other tracking technologies.
Third-Party Information Collection
The Apps do not permit third parties to use automatic information collection technologies to collect personal information about you or your device. The Apps, in combination with the Apps store, use the third-party tool RevenueCat to collect Purchases Information about users’ purchases, purchase history, and/or purchase tendencies.
How We Use Your Information
We use information that you provide to us, including any personal information, to:
Provide you with the Apps and its contents, and any other information, products or services that you request from us.
Fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it.
Carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection.
Determine if your purchase is up to date.
For more information, see Your Choices About Collection, Use, and Disclosure of Your Information.
Disclosure Of Your Information
We may disclose de-personalized aggregated information about our users without restriction. In addition, we may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide:
To our subsidiaries and affiliates.
To contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business.
To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Bee Visual LLC 's assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by Bee Visual LLC about our Apps users is among the assets transferred.
To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it.
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
With your consent.
To comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.
To enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including the Apps EULA, and for billing and collection.
If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Bee Visual LLC, our customers or others.
Your Choices About Collection Use, And Disclosure Of Your Information
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. This section describes mechanisms for you to control certain uses and disclosures of your information.
We do not control third parties' collection or use of your information to serve interest-based advertising. However these third parties may provide you with ways to choose not to have your information collected or used in this way. You can opt out of receiving targeted ads from members of the Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI") on the NAI's website.
User Uploaded Content
During use of the Apps, you may upload images, text, and/or other content ("User Uploaded Content") for display in various screen views. Such User Uploaded Content is locally stored on your device. We do not have access to locally stored User Uploaded Content.
The App may offer a syncing feature enabling you to use the App across multiple of your devices. With such syncing feature, a third-party cloud service of the App store (e.g. iCloud) may store a copy of your User Uploaded Content. The access to and storage of any and all information stored by the cloud service, including any User Uploaded Content, is governed by the Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions of the cloud service. We do not own or operate the cloud service. We do not have access to User Uploaded Content stored with or by the cloud service.
Changes To Our Privacy Policy
We may update our privacy policy from time to time. If we make material changes to how we treat our users' personal information, we will post the new privacy policy on this page with a notice that the privacy policy has been updated.
The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for periodically visiting this privacy policy to check for any changes.
Contact Information
To ask questions or comment about this privacy policy and our privacy practices, or to register a complaint or concern, please contact us at: info@Beevisual.com
3745868.v2