genes-nutrition-disease
health
food-fitness
hot topics
products and services
GBinsight Genetic Analysis
Healthwatch 360
Research Portal
Share this page
Connect your genes
menu
GB HealthWatch Respects Your Privacy
GB HealthWatch recognizes the importance of privacy and  respects your desire to store and access your information in a private and  secure manner.
This Privacy Statement for
www.gbhealthwatch.com
and our mobile application is intended to make you aware of how we handle your Personal Information. We are committed to providing you a secure, user-controlled environment for the use of our services. At the same time, you share responsibility for maintaining privacy and security - for example, by keeping your password secure.
We encourage you to familiarize yourself with this Privacy Statement. By using our website, mobile app and signing up for our service, you are accepting the terms of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy, you should not use our website, mobile app and/or services. Your continued use of our web site and mobile app following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy will mean that you accept those changes.
YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We collect three types of information: personally identifiable information, non-personally identifiable information and information from other sources.
Personally Identifiable Information
GB HealthWatch collects personal information when you open an account with GBHealthWatch.com, sign up to use our web tools or mobile apps and use other services offered by GB HealthWatch. We use information for the following general purposes: providing products and services, billing, identification and authentication, improving our services and web site, and contacting users and researchers. We aggregate certain information to develop statistics related to the use of our products and services. We may publish some statistics based on aggregated information, but none of these statistics will contain any personally identifiable information. Personal Information collected online or through our mobile application can be combined with Personal Information collected offline. Unless you give us permission to do so, we will not sell, share, license, trade or rent your Personally Identifiable Information other than as specified in this Privacy Policy.
You do not have to provide us with any Personally Identifiable Information to visit our website. However, if you choose to withhold requested information, you may not be able to visit all sections of our website or use our mobile app and web tools.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information
We collect three categories of  non-personally identifiable information:
"Self-Reported  Information"
includes information you provide to us, including but not limited to information about your personal traits  (e.g., eye color, height, weight), ancestry and ethnicity, diet and exercise history, and symptoms and health conditions (e.g. headache, type 2 diabetes). We collect this information from you if and when you enter the information into our web tools, mobile apps, surveys, forms, or features while signed into your account.
"User  Content"
is all information other than Genetic Information or Self-Reported Information generated by users of GB HealthWatch services and transmitted, whether publicly or privately, to GB HealthWatch. User Content may include data, text, software, music, audio, photographs, graphics, video, messages, or other materials. For example, User Content includes posts made to the GB HealthWatch community forums or emails to Customer Support. User Content does not include Genetic Information or Self-Reported Information.
"Web Behavior  Information"
is information on how you use the GB HealthWatch Website (e.g. browser type, domains, page views) collected through log files, cookies, etc. When you become a registered user of our Website, subscribe to one of our current Online Products, or in connection with other Online Products we may make available on our Website from time to time, we also may collect information that by itself cannot be used to identify or contact you, such as demographic information (like age, profession or gender) and health information (like current weight) ("Non-Personally Identifiable Information"). Non-Personally Identifiable Information may also include user IP addresses, browser types, domain names, and other anonymous statistical data involving the use of our Website. Non-Personally Identifiable Information is used to help us understand who uses our Website and to improve and market our Website in general and our Online Products in particular.
Information from Other Sources
We may also supplement the information we collect with information from other sources to assist us in evaluating and improving our Website and Mobile App Products, to determine your preferences so that we can tailor our Website and Mobile App Products to your needs, and/or to study genetics, nutritional, weight-loss, behavioral and fitness questions in general. Sources of other information we may use include the following:
Google Analytics. We use the Google Analytics service to track and analyze visitor behavior on the website. Google Analysis use cookies to provide the service. You can exercise choice regarding the use of cookies from Google Analytics by going to: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout and downloading the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on.
Flurry. We use Flurry services (flurry.com) to track and analyze user behavior on the HealthWatch 360 mobile app for both iOS and Android platforms. The information we track does not include Personally Identifiable Information (PHI).
We provide an online payment solution for our online store in collaboration with Authorize.Net, an authorized third party payment management company service. We collect payment information, including credit or debit card numbers, card expiration dates, CVV codes, and billing addresses in order to process payments. We do not save the information permanently, only temporarily during the transaction period. Once the payment transaction ends, the information is deleted from the website and mobile app.
How We Use Personal Information
GB HealthWatch collects Personal Information from you for all purposes necessary to ensure the regular operation of your account and/or availability of our services. These include, among other things, providing you with our services; improving our services and/or offering new products or services to you; informing you about events; inviting you to participate in specific research projects, contacting you to obtain testimonials or for other promotional purposes; performing quality control activities and conducting other R&D. Below we will describe the additional ways in which we use subsets of Personal Information.
How We Use Registration Information
We use your Registration Information to authenticate your website and mobile application visits and usage; to enable your purchase; to communicate with you about information, services, and products that you have requested; and to manage and improve our website, mobile application, software, and Services. We give you the opportunity to opt out of optional communications, either through our service or by contacting our Privacy Administrator at
support@gbhealthwatch.com.
How We Use User Content and Web Behavior Information
GB HealthWatch uses User Content to provide our services and improve the overall user experience. For example, posts made to the GB HealthWatch community forums are publicly displayed to other users. By submitting, posting, or displaying User Content, you give GB HealthWatch a non-exclusive license to use any User Content that you submit, post, or display on or through the services. GB HealthWatch, in performing the required technical steps to provide the services to our users, may also (a) transmit or distribute your User Content over various public networks and in various media; and (b) make such changes to your content as are necessary to conform and adapt that content to the technical requirements of connecting networks, devices, services, or media.
Web Behavior Information is collected through log files, cookies, and web beacon technology during a visit to the GB HealthWatch website. Web Behavior Information is used to improve our products and services as well as the overall user experience. We may also disclose aggregated Web Behavior Information to third-party non-profit and/or commercial research partners who will not publish that information in a peer-reviewed scientific journal.
Log Files.
When users visit our website or use our mobile application, GB HealthWatch gathers certain information automatically and stores it in log files. This information includes Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider, referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data (i.e. a list of pages or URLs visited). We use this information, which is not designed to identify individual users, to analyze trends, administer the site, track users' movements around the site, and gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We may, in some circumstances, need to review this automatically collected data in combination with specific Registration Information to identify and resolve issues for individual users.
Cookies.
The GB HealthWatch website also uses cookies. A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user's computer when you visit our website or any other website through your computer. We use both session cookies and persistent cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our site, improve the security of your Personal Information, enhance the functionality of certain features, and improve performance. The cookies we employ are used to enable secure access to your account when you are signed in to your account and are only applicable within the confines of our website.
A session cookie expires when you close your browser. A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time. You can remove persistent cookies by following directions provided in your Internet browser's "help" file. However, if you set your browser to reject cookies, your ability to use our site will be significantly impaired. In particular, you will not be able to access any part of our site that requires a sign-in, such as your account.
Web Beacons.
A web beacon is a clear graphic image that is loaded by your web browser when it accesses a website and that records a user's visit to a particular web page. We, or third parties that work for us, may place cookies and web beacons on our website, in our emails, and in our advertisements that appear on other websites or in emails sent by others that mention our products and services with our permission. The purpose of our web beacons is to support operation of our website and to offer additional products and services through targeted advertisements. For example, we may use beacons to determine when someone views a web page, count how many individuals visit our website after clicking advertisements placed on other websites, or count how many people have purchased products from our website after viewing an advertisement we placed. Web beacons may also help us determine the effectiveness of an email campaign because the beacons can count the number of individuals who open an email or forward it to others. We use this Web Behavior Information to better tailor our marketing to you and may also use this information to customize content on our website, enable a shopping cart, or conduct research. Third parties only collect anonymous Web Behavior Information through the use of web beacons, allowing statistical analysis relating to the performance of our advertising.
If you wish to disable web beacons, it is possible to prevent your browser from loading them, although there is not currently a standard method for doing so.
Information Sharing
GB HealthWatch gives you the ability to connect with other individuals who have GB HealthWatch accounts through our community forums. In addition, you may choose to disclose, through other means not associated with GB HealthWatch, any part of your Personal Information to friends and/or family members, groups of individuals, third-party service providers, doctors or other health care professionals, and/or other individuals.
Personal Information, once released or shared, can be difficult to contain. GB HealthWatch will have no responsibility or liability for any consequences that may result because you have released or shared Personal Information with a third party. Likewise, if you are reading this because you have access to the Personal Information of a GB HealthWatch customer through a multi-profile account, we urge you to recognize your responsibility to protect the privacy of that person. It is incumbent upon customers to share Personal Information only with people they know and trust. Users with multi-profile accounts should use caution in setting profile-level privacy settings.
Ordering GB HealthWatch Services as a Gift
If you provide us personal information about others, or if others give us your information for purposes of ordering our services as a gift, we will only use that information for the specific reason for which it was provided to us, provided that once a gift recipient registers for his or her Services and agrees to our Term and Conditions, Privacy Statement and if applicable, Consent Form, his or her information will be used consistent with this Privacy Statement and those agreements.
Information Disclosure
We do not sell, lease, or rent your individual-level Personal Information without your explicit consent. As a general rule, GB HealthWatch will not disclose your individual-level Personal Information to any third party, except under the following circumstances:
Affiliates
We may disclose information (including Personally Identifiable Information) about you to our Affiliates. For purposes of this Privacy Policy, "Affiliate" means any person or entity which directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by or is under common control with GB HealthWatch, whether by ownership or otherwise. Any information relating to you that we provide to our Affiliates will be treated by those Affiliates in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Laws and Legal Rights
We may also disclose your information (including Personally Identifiable Information) if we believe in good faith that we are required to do so in order to comply with an applicable statute, regulation, rule or law, a subpoena, a search warrant, a court or regulatory order, or other valid legal process. We may disclose Personally Identifiable Information in special circumstances when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be violating our Terms and Conditions, Consent or our Subscription Agreement or to protect the safety and/or security of our users, our Website or the general public.
Third Parties Generally
We may provide to third parties information about you that does not allow you to be identified or contacted, including where such information is combined with similar information of other customers. For example, we might inform third parties regarding the number of unique users who visit our Website, the demographic breakdown of the registered users of our Website, or the activities that visitors to our Website engage in while on our Website. The third parties to which we may provide this information may include potential or actual advertisers, providers of advertising services (including website tracking services), commercial partners, sponsors, licensees, researchers and other similar parties.
Outside Contractors
We may employ independent contractors, vendors and suppliers (collectively, "Outside Contractors") to provide specific services and products related to the offering of our products and services, such as providing payment processing and fraud screening, and developing applications for our Website and e-mail services. These Outside Contractors may sometimes have limited access to information including your Personally Identifiable Information, in the course of providing products or services to us. Access to your Personally Identifiable Information by these contractors is limited to the information reasonably necessary in order for the Outside Contractors to perform their limited function for us. We also require that these Outside Contractors (i) protect the privacy of your Personally Identifiable Information consistent with this Privacy Policy, and (ii) not use or disclose your Personally Identifiable Information for any purpose other than providing us with products or services for which we contracted.
Sale of Business
We reserve the right to transfer information to a third party in the event of a sale, merger or other transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of GB HealthWatch provided that the third party agrees to adhere to the terms of this Privacy Policy. We will notify our users of any such transfer through notice on our site and through email.
Customer Testimonials
We post customer testimonials on our web site, and may use testimonials in other formats consistent with consent received. Customer testimonials may contain personally identifiable information. We may use your Personal Information to contact you to obtain a testimonial and obtain your consent via email or agreement sent via fax, pdf or mail prior to using such testimonial and/or using your name along with your testimonial.
Account Closure and Correction of Personal Information
If you no longer wish to participate in our services, you may close your account by sending a request to Customer Support at
support@gbhealthwatch.com
. When closing an account, we remove all Genetic Information within your account (or profile) within thirty (30) days of our receipt of your request. As stated in the applicable Consent Document, however, Genetic Information and/or Self-Reported Information that you have previously provided and for which you have given consent to use in any research projects will not be removed from ongoing or completed studies that use the information.
If your Personal Information changes, you may correct or update your Registration Information via your Account Settings page. You may also correct or reset Self-Reported Information entered into a survey, form, or feature by emailing a request to Customer Support at
support@gbhealthwatch.com
Newsletter and Email Communications
You may choose to stop or start receiving our newsletter or marketing emails by changing your notifications settings in your account or you can contact us at
support@gbhealthwatch.com
.
Security
GB HealthWatch takes seriously the trust you place in us. To prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, to maintain data accuracy, and to ensure the appropriate use of information, GB HealthWatch uses a range of reasonable physical, technical, and administrative measures to safeguard your Personal Information, in accordance with current technological and industry standards.
Please recognize that protecting your Personal Information is also your responsibility. We ask you to be responsible for safeguarding your password, secret questions and answers, and other authentication information you use to access our Services. You should not disclose your authentication information to any third party and should immediately notify GB HealthWatch of any unauthorized use of your password. GB HealthWatch cannot secure Personal Information that you release on your own or that you request us to release.
BY USING OUR WEBSITE, MOBILE APP, AND OTHER ONLINE SERVICES, YOU SIGNIFY YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, YOU SHOULD NOT USE OUR WEBSITE, MOBILE APP AND/OR ONLINE SERVICES. YOUR CONTINUED USE OF OUR WEBSITE AND MOBILE APP FOLLOWING THE POSTING OF CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY WILL MEAN THAT YOU ACCEPT THOSE CHANGES.
Contact Information
If you have questions about this statement, please email GB HealthWatch's Privacy Administrator at
support@gbhealthwatch.com
. You can also contact us at this address if you have a question about GB HealthWatch's handling of your information:
Privacy Administrator
GB HealthWatch
6310 Greenwich Drive, Suite 100
San Diego, CA 92122
support@gbhealthwatch.com
SPECIFIC PRIVACY ISSUES RELATED TO GBINSIGHT GENETIC TESTING AND ANALYSIS SERVICES
How will my sample and medical information be handled?
GBinsight genetic test reports are confidential and will only be released to the healthcare professional(s) listed on the requisition form. Genetic data and personal information will be stored and protected in strict confidence complying with regulatory requirements (e.g. HIPAA, GINA, etc).  To advance scientific discovery and to expand knowledge about genetics, disease and how to improve outcomes, anonymized data may be aggregated and submitted to medical publications.
Patient’s name and other personal identifying information will
NEVER
be used in or linked to the results of any study and publication.
What type of data will be used for publications and/or genetics databases?
Novel genetic variant(s) that are characterized as pathogenic or likely pathogenic and the corresponding disease or disorder
A rare variant of uncertain significance (VUS) that may be related to the pathogenesis of a disease or disorder
What type of personal data will
NEVER
be used in publication and/or genetics databases?
Name (first or family surname)
Relatives’ names (first or family surname)
Any part of address including street name, zip code, city or state
Age
Phone number
Fax number
Email address
Medical record number
Health insurance provider and/or numbers
Social Security number
Driver’s license number
URLs
IP addresses
Usernames
Any photographs or animations used by account holder
How will my personal information be used by GB Healthwatch?
Personal information such as your name, address, phone number, email address, medical history, health insurance information and credit card or bank information will only be used for billing purposes.
Relevant medical history including medical diagnosis and relevant family history and laboratory values will be used to confirm genetic reports and if necessary, help to clarify the interpretation of some ambiguous genetic variants.
We will never share your personal data including genetic reports or raw data with any third party including for-profit biopharmaceutical, life insurance or other insurance companies with the exception of billing purposes.
GB Healthwatch will only share your genetic information with your healthcare provider(s) that you designate. We will never share your genetic results without prior written authorization.
GB Healthwatch may use your name and email address to send you relevant information about your health conditions. Particularly, GB Healthwatch is actively conducting research on ways to empower individuals and communities to improve health using non-pharmacological interventions such as diet and exercise. These activities are for informational purposes and will not for sales and marketing purposes.
top
hot topics
food and fitness
genes and me
health
healthwatch tools
home
about us
contact us
terms & conditions
privacy
disclaimer
The information on the GB HealthWatch website is intended for informational purposes only.  It is not a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis or treatment.  Never stop or delay seeking treatment because of something you have read on the GB HealthWatch website.  GB HealthWatch urges you to consult with a qualified physician for diagnosis and for answers to your personal health questions. If you think you may have a medical emergency, call your doctor or 911 immediately.