Terms of Use and Privacy Policy for Users of Official Application of Airports of Thailand Public Company Limited (AOT).
TERMS OF USE
Thank you for visiting official Application of Airport of Thailand Public Company Limited (AOT).
This terms and conditions of use (hereinafter referred to as the “Terms of Use” or “Agreement”) defines the conditions between Airport of Thailand Public Company Limited (AOT) (hereinafter referred to as the “AOT”) and users (hereinafter referred to as the “User” or “you”) in regard to the use of official Application of Airport of Thailand Public Company Limited (AOT) which developed by GFIN-SKY Consortium as assigned by AOT. Please read this carefully before installing the official Application of Airport of Thailand Public Company Limited (AOT) (hereinafter refer as the “Application”). By using the Application or registering an account, you indicate acceptance of these Terms of Use set out herein. If you do not accept these terms, you should not install or use the Application.
AOT may close, suspend, or limit a User's access to his/her account and/or the services if he/she violates the Terms of Use, including the policies or any other agreement which is entered into between the User and AOT.
The User is solely responsible for understanding and complying with any and all laws, rules and regulations of his/her specific jurisdiction that may be applicable in connection with his/her use of the Application, including but not limited to, those related to export or import activities, taxes or foreign currency transactions.
AOT reserves the right to modify, vary and change the Terms of Use or its policies relating to the Application at any time as it deems fit. Such modifications, variations and or changes to the Terms of Use or its policies relating to the Application shall be effective upon the posting of an updated version. You agree that it shall be your responsibility to review the Terms of Use regularly whereupon the continued use of the Service after any such changes, whether or not reviewed by you, shall constitute your consent and acceptance to such changes.
Official Application of Airports of Thailand Public Company Limited (AOT)
By using the Application, you expressly represent and warrant that you are legally entitled to accept and agree to the Terms of Use. By registering an account, you acknowledge and agree that you are at least sixteen (16) years old and not persons that are forbidden for any reason whatsoever to enter into a contractual relationship. By using the Application, you further represent and warrant that you have the right, authority and capacity to use the Application and to abide by the Terms of Use. You further confirm that all the information which you provide shall be true and accurate. Your use of the Application is for your own sole, personal use. You undertake not to authorize others to use your identity or user status, and you may not assign or otherwise transfer your user account to any other person or entity. When using the Application, you agree to comply with all applicable laws while using the Application.
You may only access the Application using authorized means. It is your responsibility to check and ensure that you have downloaded the correct version of the Application for your device. AOT is not liable if you do not have a compatible device or if you have downloaded the wrong version of the Application to your device. AOT reserves the right not to permit you to use the Application with an incompatible or unauthorized device or for purposes other than which the Application is intended to be used.
By using the Application, you agree that:
You will only use the Application for lawful purposes;
You will only use the Application for the purpose for which it is intended to be used;
You will not use the Application for sending or storing any unlawful material or for fraudulent purposes;
You will not use the Application to cause nuisance, annoyance, inconvenience or make fake reservations;
You will not use the Application for purposes other than obtaining services;
You will not impair the proper operation of the network;
You shall not intentionally or unintentionally cause or attempt to cause damage to the merchants and third-party service providers;
You will not try to harm the Application in any way whatsoever;
You will not copy, or distribute the Application or other content without written permission from AOT;
You will only use the Application for your own use and will not resell it to a third- party;
You will keep secure and confidential your account password or any identification we provide you which allows access to your account;
You will provide AOT with proof of identity as it may reasonably request or require;
You agree to provide accurate, current and complete information as required for the services and undertake the responsibility to maintain and update your information in a timely manner to keep it accurate, current and complete at all times during the term of this Agreement. You agree that AOT may rely on your information as accurate, current and complete. You acknowledge that if your information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete in any respect, AOT has the right but not the obligation to terminate this Agreement and your use of the Application at any time with or without notice;
You will only use an access point or data account which you are authorized to use;
You shall not employ any means to defraud AOT or enrich yourself, through any means, whether fraudulent or otherwise, through any event, promotion or campaign launched by AOT and its affiliates to encourage new usage of the Application by new or existing Users;
You shall not impair or circumvent the proper operation of the network which the Application operates on;
You agree that the Application is provided on a reasonable effort basis; and
You agree that your use of the Application will be subject to the Application’s Privacy Policy as may be amended from time to time.
You agree to assume full responsibility and liability for all loss or damage suffered by yourself, the third-party service provider, AOT or any third party as a result of any breach of the Terms of Use.
You agree that all information and guides, provided in the Application, such as flight board, airport maps or directory, are for informative purpose only. AOT, its affiliates, business partners, third-party merchants, and third-party service providers assume no legal responsibility or liability for all loss or damage you suffer from using information and guides on the Application.
You agree that any service, provided by third-party service providers or merchants, may subject to different terms and conditions of use, corresponding to the particular service provider or merchant.
AOT Rewards Loyalty Program
Membership
By registering an account in the Application, you will automatically be a member of the loyalty program named “AOT Rewards”, operated by Airport of Thailand Public Company Limited (AOT) and/or its affiliates.
By becoming a member of loyalty program, you will gain access to services, e-vouchers, promotions and privileges, offered by AOT and/or third-party merchants/service providers as shown in the Application.
AOT has the right to suspend your membership where it reasonably believes that the activity may be fraudulent, illegal or involves any criminal activity or where AOT reasonably believes you to be in breach of the Terms of Use.
Earning Points (“AOT Earn Point”)
The Application may, at its sole and absolute discretion, issue you 1 AOT Point (“Point”) for every THB25 that you actually spend on selected services and merchants within 6 airports operated by AOT (Suvarnabhumi Airport, Don Mueang International Airport, Chiang Mai International Airport, Hat Yai International Airport, Phuket International Airport, and Mae Fah Luang-Chiang Rai International Airport). The amount deducted by any discount/promotion/privilege and AOT Burn Point are excluded from the Point calculation.
The Points are calculated on a per transaction basis and rounded up to the nearest whole number if the decimal more or equal to 0.5 Points, and down to the nearest whole number if the decimal is less than 0.5 Points. For instance, if you spent THB70 at Suvanabhumi Airport, the Application may, at its sole and absolute discretion, issue you 3 Points but if you spent THB55 at Suvanabhumi Airport, the Application, may at its sole and absolute discretion, issue you 2 Points.
In case of payment in any foreign currency, the Points will be calculated according to the value of the product/service in THB. For instance, if you spend USD3.50 for a service priced at THB100, the Application may, at its sole and absolute discretion, issue you 4 points.
The Points are issued automatically for any transactions paid via AOT PAY. For payment by cash and credit cards via EDC terminal, you may provide your identifiable personal information related to your AOT Point account (e.g., phone number, QR code) to the merchant in order to earn Points from that transaction.
The Application may, at its sole and absolute discretion, award you Point for transaction that you actually spend at selected merchants or partners of AOT outside airports. The rate of Point to be awarded is determined solely by selected merchants or partners.
The Application may, at its sole and absolute discretion, award you Point for your participation in marketing activities, organized by AOT, its affiliates or third-party merchants. The rate of Points to be awarded is determined solely by the organizer of the activity.
Point Validity
AOT Point has no expiry date. You may retain your Points as long as your account remains activated.
In case of no Point-related activity occurs within a calendar year (1
st
January – 31
st
December), 100 AOT Points will be deducted from your account as point retention fee on 31
st
December of that calendar year.
Points cannot be purchased, resold or transferred, for value or otherwise, under any circumstances.
Points can only be redeemed for discount exclusively via AOT PAY to eligible merchants and service providers. Under any other circumstances, Points have no cash or monetary value, are not redeemable for cash in any form, and Points shall not be regarded, construed, or used as valuable or exchangeable instruments.
Points cannot be transferred to/from any other accounts of the Application, under any circumstances.
Point Redemption (“AOT Burn Point”)
If you comply with all these terms and conditions and have the required number of AOT Points, you may select and redeem applicable vouchers via the Application. Your redemption is subject to the additional terms and conditions of AOT or the third-party merchant (as the case may be) that offers the particular voucher that you wish to redeem.
Vouchers are not redeemable for cash nor are they exchangeable for other vouchers under any circumstances. They cannot be resold, exchanged or transferred for value under any circumstances. Vouchers shall not be regarded, construed, or used as valuable or exchangeable instruments under any circumstances.
Points that you have successfully redeemed for a voucher cannot be exchangeable for another voucher under any circumstances. No requests for exchange of voucher will be entertained.
AOT may, at its sole and absolute discretion, reject your request to redeem Points for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation, where there are insufficient Points to redeem for the particular voucher, or where the voucher is no longer made available or out-of-stock by the third-party merchant, or where the Points you wish to use for redemption of vouchers have been issued to you in error etc.
You may redeem your Points via AOT PAY (“AOT Burn Point”). Every 10 AOT Points can be redeemed as a discount of THB1 only when used at eligible merchants and service providers. You may choose the amount of Points to be redeem and pay for the remaining balance. You may use cash, credit card via EDC terminal or AOT PAY to pay for the remaining balance after the discount. For instance, you redeemed 1000 Points (a THB100 discount) for a product priced at THB100, therefore you do not need to pay anything. In another case, you redeemed 250 Points (a THB25 discount) for a product priced at THB100, therefore you need to pay the remaining balance of THB75 to the merchant using cash, credit card or AOT PAY.
All redemptions are non-refundable. Redemptions cannot be refunded for Points or cash under any circumstances. No requests for refund of voucher/discount from AOT Burn Point program will be entertained.
You may check your Points balance and redemptions made in the Application. Your Points balance and redemptions as set out in the Application shall serve as a conclusive evidence of the same.
Point Conversion
You may convert points from selected partners’ loyalty programs to AOT Points via the Application. Conversion rate and service fees will be displayed prior the conversion.
AOT Points can be converted to points of selected partners’ loyalty programs via the Application. Conversion rate and service fees will be displayed prior the conversion. Noted that some partners may not accept the conversion from AOT Points.
Conversion rate and service fees are determined solely by the agreement with each partner and subject to change without prior notice.
AOT may, at its sole and absolute discretion, reject your request to convert Points for what any reason whatsoever, including without limitation, where there are activities that might indicate fraudulent or illegal activity or involves any criminal activity, or where partners are no longer in business, or where partners, you wish to convert points to/from, have ceased the point conversion agreement with AOT.
General
To the extent as permitted by applicable laws, AOT reserves the right at any time to:
vary, modify or amend the terms and conditions of the AOT Point Loyalty Program (including adding or deleting any terms);
terminate or modify the AOT Point Loyalty Program;
revoke, adjust and/or recalculate any Points awarded;
change the number of Points required for redemption of specific vouchers or substitute any voucher with another of a similar value;
change the number of Points that can be earned on spending on merchants and services;
modify the qualifications and eligibility for earning Points;
modify the activities that earn Points;
modify the methods used to calculate the number of Points to be awarded;
withhold or cease the awarding of Points to you;
AOT may suspend the calculation and accrual of Points to rectify any errors in calculation or adjust the calculation as it reasonably deems fit without giving you prior notice or reason.
You shall be responsible for any taxes, levies or duties that arise in connection with the issuance of Points to you, your redemption of Points and/or the utilization of vouchers you have redeemed and all costs and expenses relating to the same shall be borne by you.
AOT PAY
You may choose to pay to eligible merchants and service providers by Points and/or credit card (“Card”) whenever AOT PAY is available.
In the event that you choose to pay by Card, you will need to register a valid Card which belongs to you in accordance with the instructions within the Application.
If the Card belongs to another person, such as your parents, you hereby warrant and agree that you have obtained their permission to use the Card for the payment.
You agree that we may verify and authorize your Card details with third-party service providers when you first register the Card with us when you use the Application.
Once you have made a reservation via the Application, you are required to make payment in full to the third-party service provider and your payment will be deducted automatically via AOT PAY. Reservations are non-refundable and cannot be cancelled, once the reservations have been processed. If you have any complaints in relation to the service provided, then that dispute must be taken up with the third-party service provider.
You may use any eligible privileges/vouchers/discounts before the transaction is processed. The final amount of payment, after deductions from privileges/vouchers/discounts, will be shown before you check out. Once the transaction has been processed, you cannot use any privileges/vouchers/discounts on that transaction.
At the participated retail stores inside the airports, you may make payment with AOT PAY by scanning a QR code (generated by merchant’s terminal) and completing your payment within the Application.
In the event your payment by your Card is processed overseas, you will be liable for any additional charges in relation thereto.
AOT has the right to suspend the processing of any transaction where it reasonably believes that the transaction may be fraudulent, illegal or involves any criminal activity or where AOT reasonably believes you to be in breach of the Terms of Use.
You agree that you will cooperate in relation to any financial crime screening that is required and to assist AOT in complying with any prevailing laws or regulations in place.
You shall be responsible to resolve any disputes with your Card company on your own.
Intellectual Property Ownership
AOT and its licensors, where applicable, shall own all right, title and interest, including all related intellectual property rights, in and to the Application and any suggestions, ideas, enhancement requests, feedback, recommendations or other information provided by you or any other party relating to the Application. The Terms of Use do not constitute a sale agreement and do not convey to you any rights of ownership in or related to the Application, or any intellectual property rights owned by the AOT and/or its licensors. AOT’s name, the AOT’s logo, and/or the Application and the third-party service providers’ logos and the product names associated with the Application are trademarks of AOT or third parties, and no right or license is granted to use them. For the avoidance of doubt, the term the Application herein shall include its respective components, processes and design in its entirety.
PRIVACY POLICY
Privacy policy covers how we collect, use, disclose and process the personal identifiable information which can identify you directly or indirectly (“personal information" or “personal data”). Please take a moment to familiarize yourself with our privacy practices and your rights before using the Application or filling in any personal information on the Application. In order to use the services of the Application, you must firstly agree to the conditions written in the privacy policy. AOT may update its privacy policy from time to time. When we change the privacy policy, we will notify you with relevant updates. Any updates shall be effective upon the posting of an updated version. Therefore, you should regularly read the privacy policy when you visit the Application to clearly understand the privacy policy and AOT's latest guideline for your personal information which you provide to AOT.
Note:
This privacy policy applies only to internal service of the Application. If you connect or link to other applications, please check the privacy policy of the application which you visit.
1. What information we collect
The official Application of Airport of Thailand Public Company Limited (AOT) may collect your personal information which you provide to us during the use of Application. Personal information may include:
Personal information e.g., name, ID card number, passport number, date of birth, country of residence, profile picture
Contact information e.g., phone number, email address
Credit or debit card information, including the name of cardholder, card number, expiry date
Travel information e.g., flight/hotel/transport information
Location information within the airports
Linked third-party accounts e.g., Facebook account, Google account, Line account
Feedback information e.g., feedback, complaint, survey
Log data and device information e.g., IP address, cookies
Tracking information e.g., cookies and similar technologies
2. How do we use this information and legal basis for this use
The official Application of Airport of Thailand Public Company Limited (AOT) may process your personal information according to the purpose and limited to what is necessary for the following purposes:
As required to provide our services and pursue our legitimate interests:
We will use your information to provide products and services you have requested, and respond to any comments, queries or complaints you may send us;
We will use your information for processing your enrollment to our loyalty program and managing your account;
We will monitor use of our websites and online services, and use your information to help us monitor, improve and protect our products, content, services and websites, both online and offline;
We will use information you provide to personalize our websites, products or services for you;
If you provide a credit or debit, we will also use third parties to check the validity of the sort code, account number and card number you submit in order to prevent fraud;
We will trace back customer activities to prevent, investigate and/or report fraud, misrepresentation, security incidents or crime, in accordance with applicable law;
We will use information you provide to investigate any complaints received from you or from others, about our website or our products or services;
We will use data in connection with legal claims, compliance, regulatory and investigative purposes as necessary (including disclosure of such information in connection with legal process or litigation);
We will use data of some individuals to invite them to take part in market research;
We will use your data for statistical research and analytic purposes to improve our website or our products or services;
In some cases, we will contact you for product or customer satisfaction surveys.
Where you give us consent:
We will send you newsletters containing news concerning our company and our products, services and special offers.
We will send you direct marketing in relation to our relevant products and services, or other products and services provided by us, our affiliates and carefully selected partners.
We will place cookies and use similar technologies in accordance with our Cookies Policy and the information provided to you when those technologies are used.
We create your profile for marketing purposes in order to deliver advertisements that match your interests.
On other occasions we ask you for consent, we use the data for the purpose which we explain at that time.
For purposes with are required by law:
Upon request/order from regulators and law enforcement
To take action against or to prevent the fraud, deceit or making purchase without permission which is possible to happen.
3. Technology to remember information (Cookies)
Our Application may contain cookies or other similar technologies to remember information, depends on the types of service we provide. Cookies or similar technologies may be used to collect information. For example, types of browser or operating system maybe collected and use to count the number of users of the Application or to understand users’ needs. Moreover, cookies or similar technologies will help us “tailor” the Application to each user’s preference by remembering information of each user when using the Application. Cookies or other similar technologies may not be used for collecting your personal information, unless you allow us by giving your consent and choose to fill in your personal information.
4. Disclosure of your information
The official Application of Airport of Thailand Public Company Limited (AOT) may reveal your personal information to legal entities and other service providers who take part in provision of the respective service to you. This may include:
Business partners and affiliates of AOT
Third-party providers of transportation services
Third-party providers of accommodation and tourism services
Third-party merchants wh
IT providers of AOT
Government agencies where requested by the respective applicable law
Regulators or law enforcement entities
In case of disclosure of personal information with other parties which are not declared above, the official Application of Airport of Thailand Public Company Limited (AOT) has an obligation to notify you, prior disclosure of your information.
5. Security of your information
Your personal information will be kept safe and handle properly, conforming to our code of conduct. Only our employees, staff, and representatives, who authorized by Airport of Thailand Co., Ltd and entities stated in section 4, may gain access to your personal information only whenever is necessary and under supervision.
6. Withdrawing consent
You, as our customer, have an unconditional right to withdraw consent from any activities which require your consent for data processing. You may also deactivate your account, thus opt-out from all our services, at any time.
However, we may have other legal grounds or legal obligations for processing data for other purposes, such as those stated in section 2.
7. Your rights regarding personal information
You have the right to ask us for information about our data processing or for a copy of your personal data; to correct, delete or restrict processing of your personal data; and to obtain the personal data you provide to us for a contract or with your consent in a structured, machine readable format.
In addition, you can object to the processing of your personal data in some circumstances (in particular, where we don’t have to process the data to meet a contractual or other legal requirement, or where we are using the data for direct marketing).
These rights may be limited, for example if fulfilling your request would reveal personal data about another person, or if you ask us to delete information which we are required to keep by law or when we have compelling legitimate interests in retaining the data.
We will provide you with a copy of your personal data when you (or, in case of children, your parents or representatives) request to do.
We shall inform you without delay within 30 days after receiving of the request. This period may be prolonged for a further month, if several data subjects exercise their rights and their cooperation is necessary to a reasonable extent. If we refuse to take action on the request of the data subject, we shall inform you of the reasons for the refusal.
When you are under GDPR regulation, to exercise any of these rights you can get in touch with us using the details set out below. If you have unresolved concerns, you have the right to complain to an EU data protection authority where you live, work or where you believe a breach may have occurred.
8. Retention of your personal information
The official Application of Airport of Thailand Public Company Limited (AOT) may retain your personal data as long as it is needed for the respective purpose of data processing and applicable law then, thereafter, to comply with any applicable recordkeeping provisions. Personal data may also be contained in backup files which we keep for information security purposes and regularly delete when the backup period is over.
Where we process registration data, we do this for as long as you are an active user of the Applications.
Where we process personal data for marketing purposes or with your consent, we process the data until you ask us to stop and for a short period after this (to allow us to implement your requests). We also keep a record of the fact that you have asked us not to send you direct marketing or to process your data so that we can respect your request in future.
9. Contact Us
Airports of Thailand Public Company Limited (AOT)
333 Cherdwutagard Road, Srikan, Don Mueang, Bangkok 10210, Thailand
Or call AOT Contact Center 1722 or (+66) 2132 1888
Thank you
Application team of Airports of Thailand Public Company Limited (AOT)