Sign In
Enter Name
*
Enter Email
*
Enter Title
*
செய்தித் தொகுப்பு
அரசியல்
தமிழ்நாடு
இந்தியா
சினிமா
உலகம்
விளையாட்டு
சிறப்பு நேரலைகள்
தற்போதைய செய்திகள்
நிகழ்ச்சிகள்
திரைவிமர்சனம்
ராசிபலன்
பிரபலமானவை
இன்று
ஆயுத எழுத்து
கேள்விக்கென்ன பதில்
மக்கள் மன்றம்
ஸ்பெஷல்ஸ்
ஜெயலலிதா                             WEB SERIES
கலகலப்பாக ஒரு கருத்து
ஒலிம்பிக் 2024
Privacy Policy
In this Privacy Policy, ‘us’ ‘we’ or ‘our’ means Metronation Chennai Television Private Limited (CIN:U22300TN2007PTC103180) and our group companies and affiliate(s).
Your privacy is important to us. We are committed to protecting your privacy, keeping your information safe and ensuring the security of your data. Our Privacy Policy sets out how we collect, use, store and disclose information when you use this website.
We refer to our sites and apps as, collectively, the “Services” within this policy. By providing information to us, you expressly consent to our collection, usage and disclosure of the personal information you provide including any changes thereto as provided by you, for any of the services that we offer.
We keep our privacy policy under regular review and will publish any changes to it on this page, so please check our website periodically to ensure that you are aware of our current Privacy Policy.
What Information do we collect?
We may collect information that is directly provided to us, such as personal information you provide when you visit the services, and information that is passively or automatically collected from you, such as anonymous information collected from your browser or device. In this Privacy Policy, we refer to all of this as the "Information".
We may seek and collect your personal details including but not limited to your name, sex, age, address, pin code, contact number, occupation, interests and email address and any additional information you provide to us directly through our website or indirectly through your use of our website or online presence or through other websites.
At times, where you have visited our website, your device ID, geo-location information, statistics on page views, traffic to and from the sites, ad data and standard web log information.
When you are connected with social media services or other third party platforms such as Facebook, Twitter, Gmail etc, you may allow us to access to your profile, we may retrieve information from such services to continue to interact with you and to continue providing the Service. For a description on the services of social media and other third party platforms, please refer to their respective privacy policies and terms of use, which may permit you to modify your privacy settings.
How We Collect your Information?
We may collect your personal information directly from you including:
through your access and use of our website, apps or sending SMS/MMS to us.
through someone else who has provided us with your information.
during conversations between you and our representatives.
We may also collect personal information from third parties including:
law enforcement agencies and other government entities
advertisers
mailing lists
recruitment agencies
business partners
Cookies
We may collect personal information about you when you use and access our website by using Cookies. If you use our site, you are consenting to the use of Cookies.
Cookies are small files that store information on your computer, TV, mobile phone or other device. A cookie cannot read data off your hard drive. We do not use browsing information to identify you personally, but we may record certain information about your use of our website, such as which pages you visit, the time and date of your visit and the internet protocol address assigned to your computer.
We may receive information about your computer/laptop/netbook or mobile/tablet/pad/handheld device by using Cookies or other similar tracking technologies which help us track your website usage and remember your preferences, offer you products, content or services that may be of interest to you and to deliver relevant advertising when you visit our site. Further, our advertisers may also assign their own cookies to your browser (if you click on their ads), a process that we do not control. You can disable cookies through your internet browser, but if you do so, you may not be able to access all of the features of the services.
How do we use your information?
We may collect, store, use your personal information for the following purposes:
to maintain, protect, improve and optimise our website and services, business and our users’ experience, such as to perform analytics, conduct research and for advertising and marketing.
to allow you to participate in any future interactive features of the Services and to respond to your inquiries, and notify you if you have won a contest.
to communicate with you about the services, technical support and administrative messages, reminders, notices, updates, security alerts. We may ask you for your friend's name and email address for  inviting them to visit our website by using our referral service, ‘tell a friend’. Nevertheless, your friend may decline in case he /she is not interested in our services.
to send you marketing and promotional messages about other products, programs or services and other information that may be of interest to you, including information sent by, or on behalf of, our business partners that we think you may find interesting, without your consent with the option to subscribe/unsubscribe where feasible.
to comply with our legal obligations, resolve any disputes that we may have with any of our users, and enforce our agreements with third parties.
to prevent fraud or potentially illegal activities (including, without limitation, copyright infringement) on or through the Services.
Keeping your data secure
We will do our best to protect your personal information from misuse, interference and loss, as well as unauthorised access, modification or disclosure and we use a number of physical, administrative and technical measures to protect your personal information. Unfortunately, no method of transmission over the Internet is completely secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information. We will store your personal information for so long as it is necessary to provide you our services or for archive purposes. You are responsible for keeping your User ID and password secure and you should not disclose them to anyone.
When do we disclose information?
We may disclose personal information to:
our employees, group companies, affiliates for the purpose of processing personal information in compliance with this Privacy policy and any other confidentiality and security measures.
third party social websites, advertisers, advertising network and platforms, business partners and agents.
anyone to whom our assets or business units undergoes a business transition, like a sale, merger, acquisition by another company.
other persons, including government agencies, regulatory bodies and law enforcement agencies, or as required, authorised or permitted by law.
Links to third party sites
Our website and app may contain links to websites operated by third party networks, advertisers and affiliates. Those links are provided for convenience and may not remain current or be maintained. We do not provide any personally identifiable information to third party websites / advertisers / ad-servers without your consent. Unless expressly stated otherwise, we are not responsible for the privacy practices of, or any content on, those linked websites, and have no control over or rights in those linked websites. The privacy policies that apply to those other websites may differ substantially from our Privacy Policy and so we do not accept any responsibility or liability for those policies. Hence we promote individuals to read them before using those websites.
How to contact us?
If you have any questions in relation to our Privacy Policy or practices, or to access or correct your personal information, or make a complaint, please email us at
admin@dttv.in
for assistance.
X
X