プライバシーポリシー
ユナイテッドマーケティングテクノロジーズ株式会社（以下「弊社」とします。）は、弊社が提供するスマートフォン用アプリケーション「CocoPPa Play」 （以下「本アプリ」とします。）及び本アプリに関するサービス（以下「本サービス」とします。）をご利用になる皆様（以下「会員」とします。）の情報（以下「利用者情報」とします。） を以下のように取り扱うものとします。
1. 弊社は、会員から、以下の利用者情報を、ご提供いただきます。
(1)会員からご提供いただく情報
ア　メールアドレス
イ　出身国
ウ　携帯端末識別子（MACアドレス、OSが提供する広告ID）
2. 弊社は、利用者情報を以下の目的のために利用いたします
(1)メールアドレス
本サービスのお問い合わせ及びサポート対応のため、データ引継ぎのため
(2)出身国、携帯端末識別子
利用動向の統計的調査のため、利用規約に反する態様での利用を防止するため、本サービスおよび弊社サービスの拡充、改善、新規開発のための調査・分析のため
3. 弊社は、利用者情報を、あらかじめ会員の同意を得ることなく第三者に開示、提供いたしません。ただし、法令に基づく場合、裁判所・警察等の公的機関から法律に基づく要請を受けた場合、その他の個人情報の保護に関する法律（平成十五年五月三十日法律第五十七号）（以下「個人情報保護法」とします。）に定める場合 には、必要な範囲内で開示等を行うことがあります。
4. 弊社は、利用者情報の内、個人情報（個人情報保護法上の保有個人データに該当するもののみをいう。）に該当するものについては、その開示、訂正、追加、削除、利用停止（以下「開示等」とします。)の請求に対応いたします。手続きについては、弊社コーポレートサイト（https://mt.united.jp/rule.html ）をご覧下さい。
5. 弊社は、利用者情報をもとに、個人を特定できない形式による統計情報を作成し、当該データを利用することができるものとします。これらの情報は統計的に処理され、弊社サービスの各ページに表示する情報の制御や弊社サービスの利便性の向上に利用いたします。
6. 弊社サービスでは、クッキーを使用する場合があります。これは会員の趣味・嗜好に合わせて弊社サービス上の情報、サービスをカスタマイズするための統計的なマーケティング情報として利用いたします。なお、クッキー内に個人情報が含まれることはございません。また、会員により適した情報をお届けする目的にてWEB広告配信ネットワークのクッキーを発行する場合がございます。これらは行動履歴をセグメント化するために利用され、個人情報の取得及び弊社登録情報との関連付けを行うものではありません。
7. 情報収集モジュール本サービスを無償にて提供させていただくために、広告配信を目的として以下広告配信事業者が利用者情報を自動取得いたします。取得する情報、利用目的、第三者への提供等につきましては各事業者の個人情報の取扱いについての情報をご参照ください。
--------------------
a.サービス名称：Google Analytics
提供会社名：Google
取得する情報の項目：SDK 内で生成するユニーク ID(UUID)、デバイス情報
利用目的：サービス利用者数や離脱タイミング等の計測のため
第三者提供の有無：無
https://policies.google.com/privacy
--------------------
b.サービス名称: AppsFlyer
提供会社名: AppsFlyer
取得する情報の項目：アプリ情報、デバイス ID、端末情報、通信情報、イベント情報、アプリ操作情報など本アプリの利用履歴（個人を識別する情報は含みません）
https://www.appsflyer.com/legal/services-privacy-policy/
--------------------
c.サービス名称: Firebase
提供会社名: Google
取得する情報の項目: SDK 内で生成するユニーク ID(UUID)、デバイス情報
利用目的: プッシュ通知送信、ユーザー行動解析
第三者提供の有無：無
https://policies.google.com/privacy
--------------------
d.サービス名称：AdStir
提供会社名：ユナイテッドマーケティングテクノロジーズ株式会社
取得する情報の項目：[Android]UIIDの生成 [iOS]IDFA
利用目的：広告に対するユーザーターゲティングの為
第三者提供の有無：有(各DSPに対して)
https://mt.united.jp/rule.html
8. 弊社は、このプライバシーポリシーの全部又は一部を予告なく改定することがあります。改定は、本アプリ上に掲載された時点から効力を生じるものとします。
9. 本アプリによる情報送信を停止したい場合には、本アプリをアンインストールして下さい。
10. 個人情報の取り扱いに関するお問い合わせ、苦情などは以下のお問い合わせ先までお願いいたします。
ユナイテッドマーケティングテクノロジーズ株式会社
〒150-0002 東京都渋谷区渋谷1-2-5 MFPR渋谷ビル
メール：https://forms.gle/dqgMwgNJv4T35ytq7
https://mt.united.jp/
2023年6月1日 最終改定
Privacy Policy
EEA Residents here.
This Privacy Policy is designed by United Marketing Technologies, Inc. to assist you in understanding how we collect, use, disclose and/or process the information you provide to us when you play our Mobile Game App, “CocoPPa Play”, and receive other services related to the App.
1. Information you provide to us
a. email address
b. country/region
c. terminal identifier（MAC Address, Advertisement ID provided by OS）
2. How we use information we collect
(1) email address
To respond to your inquiry and support your Data Transfer.
(2) Your country/region, terminal identifier（MAC Address, Advertisement ID provided by OS）
To view statistics regarding your usage of our services, prevent our service from being used against our Terms of service, and survey and analyze the data to improve our service.
3. We do not disclose or supply your information to third party without your consent except as permitted by law.
4. You can delete your account at any time. When you delete your account, all the information related to your account will be deleted permanently.
"5. We create statistics based on the information provided by you in only the form of
non-personally identifiable information. This information is to be used statistically to control the information displayed in the App as well as to provide you better services."
"6. Some of our services may include cookies and similar technologies. We use this kind of information as one of our statistical marketing information to provide you more personally customized information/services. Please be note that cookies do not include personal information.
							In addition, we may use WEB advertisement network cookies in order to provide you customized information. This is only to be used in order to segment your action history and never be used to acquire your personal information nor to connect to your registered information."
7. Since our service is not directed to children under 13, we do not knowingly collect personal information from them. In case we happened to collect personal information from child under 13 without parental consent, we will take the appropriate measures to delete the information.
"8. Module for collecting information
							In order to provide our service for free, the advertising companies listed below will automatically collect your information with the purpose of distributing advertisements. Please go visit each company’s webpages to view the types of information they collect, the purposes they collect information, and their third party disclosure policies."
--------------------
a. Name of service: Google Analytics
Supplier: Google
Type of information to collect: Unique ID(UUID) generated in the SDK, device information
Purpose: To measure the number of service users and withdrawal timing
Provision to third parties: None
https://policies.google.com/privacy
--------------------
b. Name of service: AppsFlyer
Supplier: AppsFlyer
Type of information to collect: Usage history of this application, including application information, device ID, device information, communication information, event information, and application operation information (not including information that identifies individuals)
Purpose: To analyze user behavior and measure the effectiveness of advertisements
https://www.appsflyer.com/legal/services-privacy-policy/
--------------------
c. Name of service: Firebase
Supplier: Google
Type of information to collect: Unique ID(UUID) generated in the SDK, device information
Purpose: Send push notifications, analyze user behavior
Provision to third parties: None
https://policies.google.com/privacy
--------------------
d. Name of service： AdStir
Supplier： UNITED Marketing Technologies, Inc.
Type of the information to collect： Creation of [Android]UIID [iOS]IDFA
Purpose： User targeting concerning advertisement
Provision to third parties： Yes （To each DSP）
https://mt.united.jp/rule.html
9. We reserve the right to modify or amend this Privacy Policy at any time. All the changes will be effective as soon as it be displayed in the App.
10. If you wish to stop your information to get collected by the App, please uninstall the App.
11. Should you have any queries or require any further information, please contact us by email below.
United Marketing Technologies, Inc.
MFPR Shibuya Bldg., 1-2-5, Shibuya, Shibuya-ku, Tokyo, 150-0002
Contact: https://forms.gle/dqgMwgNJv4T35ytq7
https://mt.united.jp/
Last modified: June 1, 2023