Skip to content
Privacy
Policy
This Privacy Policy describes how this Cruelty-Cutter collects, uses and protects your information. This information is associated to your account only when you sign in to the Application as a registered user.

If you register for an account with us, you give us your personal information, and you are not anonymous to us. If you choose to provide us with personal information, you consent to the transfer and storage of that information on our servers located in the United States.

You may choose to provide us with access to certain personal information stored by such third party websites. The personal information we have access to varies by website source and is controlled by your privacy settings on that website and your consent. By associating an account managed by a third party with your Cruelty-Cutter account and authorizing us to have access to this information, you agree that we may collect, use and store information from these websites in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

When you register with us and use that Application, you generally provide (a) your name, email address, age, username, password and other registration information; (b) transaction-related information, such as when you donate, respond to any offers or download or use applications from us; (c) information you provide us when you contact us for help; (d) credit card information for donations and use of the Application, and (e) information you enter into our system when using the Application, such as contact information.

We may also use the information you provided us to contact you from time to time to provide you with important information, required notices, and updates.

In addition, the Application may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, and information about the way you use the Application.

Only aggregated, anonymized data is periodically transmitted to external services to help us improve the Application and our service. We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this Privacy Policy.

We may disclose User Provided and Automatically Collected Information:
As required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena or similar legal process
when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;
with our trusted services providers who work on our behalf, do not have an independent use of the information we disclose to them and we have agreed to adhere to the rules set forth in this privacy statement;
if
BFP
is involved in a merger, acquisition or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of this information, as well as any choices you may have regarding this information.
The types of data that are collected are:
User’s email address
User-selected password
Account numbers created by the system
User’s interaction with the app
User’s email to support staff
User’s other messages to support staff
The Application
collects no financial data whatsoever and no personally identifiable information (PII) beyond the email address necessary to create an account. The Application does collect some usage information, specifically identifying the features of the app used by the customer.

The usage data is collected for the purpose of personalizing the user experience. The personal email address is used to enable the organization to respond to communications from interested users.

Neither personal nor usage data is shared with any entity

To request user’s information be removed, submit the
data removal request
form requesting that the account be deleted.

The only PII collected in the database is the user’s email address. The effect of the account removal request is the permanent removal of the email address from the system. The change is not logged in a way that is reversible.

The user’s email address and associated email correspondence may remain in the email system, but the email address will no longer be associated with an account or any system usage activity.
Opt-Out
You can stop all collection of information by the Application easily by uninstalling the Application. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network. You can also request opt-out via email, at
support@cruelty-cutter.org
.
Your Consent
By using the Application, you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. “Processing” means using cookies on a computer/hand held device or using or touching information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information, all of which activities will take place in the United States.

If you reside outside the United States, your information will be transferred, processed and/or stored there under United States privacy standards.

For questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at
support@cruelty-cutter.org
.