Data privacy is a fundamental aspect of the business of Kiteworks USA, LLC and its wholly-owned subsidiaries (collectively, “Kiteworks,” “we,” “us,” or “our”). This Privacy Notice (“Notice”) explains how we collect, use, and share information, including personal information when you use or access our website and when you purchase a license online (collectively, the “Kiteworks Website”) as an actual or potential Customer (each a “Customer”) or when you engage with us directly.  Except for a Customer’s account information provided upon registration, this Notice does not apply to the use of the software products licensed via the Kiteworks Solutions License Agreement.
We respectfully use appropriate personal information in order to market, sell, deliver, and support the solutions that we offer.
We do not collect personal information that is unnecessary for the marketing, selling, delivery, and support of our solutions, such as demographic, biometric, medical, or social information.
We are a Controller of limited, non-sensitive personal information, for the expressly legitimate purposes of direct marketing, selling, delivering, and supporting the  Kiteworks Website. Our systems, employees, contractors, and affiliates cannot access personal information collected from our customers even when that information may be contained in customer applications which use the Kiteworks Website under the control of customers.
We do not sell or share with third parties the information that we collect, except sharing of information with limited reputable partners involved in the direct selling of our solutions and for the specific purpose of selling our solutions, and with vendors who provide us information management solutions used by us under our control. We periodically appoint digital marketing agents to conduct marketing activity on our behalf; such activity may result in the compliant processing of personal information.
We use standard industry practices to maintain the confidentiality and security of the information we collect.
We will only retain your personal information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Notice. For personal data processed according to your consent, we will keep it until you withdraw your consent.
The specific information that we collect and how we use it reflects the nature of your relationship with us.
We will not have a direct relationship with individuals whose personal information is controlled by Customers and used in connection with Kiteworks Software. Accordingly, if you are an end user and you contact us about your personal information controlled by a Customer, we will direct you to the Customer for any questions or requests with respect to your personal information controlled by them. Kiteworks is not in the business of collecting or monetizing personal information for California consumers; please see the California Supplemental Privacy Statement.
Personal information You Provide to Us
We receive personal information from you when you request information from us, when you register or log in to use the Kiteworks Website, when you use our mobile applications, when you submit customer support requests, or when you agree to provide testimonials for us to make publicly available. The types of personal information collected will depend on the purpose, but may include personally identifiable information such as your full name, address, company, email address, and telephone number. If you order products from us through our website, personal information can include any financial and commercial information you provide for that purpose. And we may collect personal information about you such as location information, device identifiers, or IP addresses, depending on the context in which it is collected.
Personal information is used for providing the Kiteworks Website to you, for customer support requests, to contact you as requested, or for agreed-upon testimonials. We may also use personal information to communicate with you about news and information regarding the Kiteworks Website, to operate, maintain, and improve the Kiteworks Website, to facilitate your use of the Kiteworks  Website, to investigate and prevent fraud and other illegal activities.
Information Collected Automatically
We may receive and store certain types of non-personal information whenever you interact with our website, or our desktop and mobile applications that are part of the Kiteworks Website. For example, for website visitors, Kiteworks may choose to automatically receive and record information about your browser, your IP address, cookie information, the page you requested, the numbers and frequency of visits to our site and its components. In addition, we may also record the pages you visit on the website through the use of pixel tags (also called “clear gifs” or “beacons”) and we may use Local Storage Objects (“LSOs”) such as HTML5 to store content information and preferences.
For mobile application users, we may receive data about the version of the mobile application you’re using, the device type and operating system on which it is used, language used, general geographic location data (not lat/long), and settings and events in the mobile application.
Further, if we contact you by email, we may receive a confirmation when you open an email from Kiteworks if your computer supports this type of program.
Kiteworks generally only uses this data in aggregate form: that is, as a statistical measure, and not in a manner that would identify you personally. However, if you have registered with Kiteworks using our site and your browser accepts cookies, or where we have deployed pixel tags and/or LSOS, Kiteworks may automatically collect individualized information regarding your visits to Kiteworks’s site (“Individual Site Usage Information”) to provide you with a more personalized customer experience. If you are interested in preventing the collection of Individual Usage Information, please see the “What About Cookies” section below for further information.
What about Cookies?
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we may transfer to your computer’s hard drive through your browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and tell us how and when pages in our site are visited and by how many people. Kiteworks cookies do not collect personal information; however, we may combine the general information collected through cookies with other personal information in connection with our collection of Individual Site Usage Information (as described above). If you do not wish to have your Individual Site Usage Information collected, most browsers have an option for turning off the cookie feature, which will prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, as well as (depending on the sophistication of your browser software) allowing you to decide on acceptance of each new cookie in a variety of ways. Also, various browsers may offer their own management tools for removing HTML5 LSOs. Please be aware that disabling those tools may reduce your ability to access certain portions of the Kiteworks website. You may also have additional rights as a user of the Kiteworks Website, as provided in the “Additional Rights” section below.
Will Kiteworks Share Any of the Personal Information it Receives?
We neither rent nor sell your personal information to anyone. We share your personal information only with your consent or to business partners and affiliates as described below:
A
g
ents
: We may employ other companies and people to perform tasks on our behalf and need to share your information with them to provide products or services to you. Unless we tell you differently, Kiteworks’s agents do not have any right to use personal information we share with them beyond what is necessary to assist us. You hereby consent to our sharing of personal information for the above purposes.
Business Transfers
: In some cases, we may choose to buy or sell business assets. In these types of transactions, customer information is typically one of the business assets that is transferred. Moreover, if Kiteworks, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, customer information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Kiteworks may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this Notice.
Protection of Kiteworks and Others
: We may release personal information when we believe in good faith that release is necessary to comply with any law; respond to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements; enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of Kiteworks, our employees, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Affiliate
s: To operate our group of companies effectively, we use shared systems, resources and sub-contractors so personal information and anonymous information may be transferred to these parties, stored or processed outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”) or the country where you or a Customer’s end user is located. Where we do so we will ensure that any transfer is subject to appropriate safeguards and this Notice.
By accessing or using the Kiteworks Website or otherwise providing information to us, you consent to the processing and transfer of information, including personal information, in and to the U.S. and other countries and territories, which may have different privacy laws from your country of residence.
Your Choices
If you are a user of the Kiteworks Website, you may update, correct or delete personal information about you at any time by logging into your online account and modifying your information or by emailing us at
privacy@kiteworks.com
. We will retain your personal information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Notice.
You may opt out of receiving promotional and newsletter emails from Kiteworks by following the opt-out instructions provided in those emails. You may also opt-out of receiving promotional emails and other promotional communications from us at any time by emailing
privacy@kiteworks.com
with your specific request. If you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional communications, such as security alerts and notices related to your access to or use of the Kiteworks Website or those about your online account or our ongoing business relations.
See the “Additional Rights” section below for more choices you may have regarding our use of your personal information.
Security
Kiteworks takes appropriate steps to ensure data privacy and security, including through various hardware and software methodologies. However, due to the open communication nature of the Internet, we cannot guarantee that communications between you and the Kiteworks website, and the Kiteworks website and you, will be free from unauthorized access by third parties. Users of the Kiteworks website do so at their own risk with respect to such communications.
Do Not Track
Currently, we do not respond to “Do Not Track” browser features, but we may in the future as industry standards evolve.
Children
Kiteworks’s website and services are not intended to be used by children under the age of 18 and Kiteworks requests that children under the age of 18 not use the Kiteworks website nor submit any personal information to the Kiteworks website. Kiteworks does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 18. Since information regarding children under the age of 18 is not collected, Kiteworks does not knowingly use or distribute personal information regarding children under the age of 18. If Kiteworks obtains actual knowledge that it has collected personal information about a child under the age of 18, that information will be immediately deleted from our database.
Brevo
Parts of this website uses the services of Brevo to send out SMS to your phone numbers for marketing purposes. The provider for this service is
Sendinblue SAS
registered at 106 boulevard Haussmann, 75008 Paris, France. Brevo’s privacy policy is available at
https://www.brevo.com/legal/privacypolicy/
and Whatsapp privacy policy is available at
https://www.whatsapp.com/legal/business-terms
.
SMS Terms & Conditions
Kiteworks sends product-related communications and marketing messages. Message frequency varies. Message and Data Rates May Apply. Reply STOP to stop. Reply HELP for info or email us at
marketing@kiteworks.com
or call us at +1-650-687-3130. Carriers are not liable for delayed or undelivered messages.
Privacy Policy
Kiteworks respects your privacy. We will not share or use your mobile number for any other purpose. We will only use information you provide to transmit your text message. Nonetheless, we reserve the right at all times to disclose any information as necessary to satisfy any law, regulation or governmental request, to avoid liability, or to protect our rights or property. When you complete forms online or otherwise provide us information in connection with the Service, you agree to provide accurate, complete and true information. You agree not to use a false or misleading name or a name that you are not authorized to use. If we, in our sole discretion, believe that any such information is untrue, inaccurate or incomplete, we may refuse you access to the Service and pursue any appropriate legal remedies.
No mobile information will be shared with third parties/affiliates for marketing/promotional purposes. All the above categories exclude text messaging originator opt in data and consent; this information will not be shared with any third parties.
Changes to this Privacy Notice
Kiteworks may amend this Notice from time to time. Use of information we collect now is subject to the Notice in effect at the time such information is collected. If we make changes in the way we use personal information, we will notify you by posting an amendment to the Notice on the website. Such modifications will become effective on the day they are posted. Kiteworks encourages you to frequently review this Notice for any modifications.
If you disagree with any changes to this Privacy Notice and do not wish your information to be subject to the revised Privacy Notice, you will need to stop using the Kiteworks Website. Your use of the Kiteworks Website after the posting of such changes shall constitute your consent to such changes.
Your Additional Rights
In accordance with the laws of certain jurisdictions, you may have certain rights and choices regarding the personal data we collect and maintain about you, and how we communicate with you.  Where the EU General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (“GDPR”), the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) (as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (“CPRA”)), or similar legal requirements apply to the processing of your personal data (collectively, “Data Protection Laws”), especially when you access the website from a country in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), as an individuals in the European Union, the United Kingdom or Switzerland pursuant to EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, or as consumer in the state of California or Virginia, or in a jurisdiction with similar legal protections, you may have the following rights:
The right to request information about our use of your personal data;
The right to review and access your personal data;
The right to rectify (correct, update or modify) the personal data we hold about you;
The right to erase (i.e., delete), de-identify, anonymize or block your personal data;
The right to restrict our use of your personal data;
The right to object to our use of, or certain types of disclosures of, your personal data;
The right to request the transfer of your personal data we hold about you to a third party;
The right to receive your personal data in a usable format and transmit it to a third party (also known as the right of data portability); and
The right to lodge a complaint with your local data protection authority. In the European Economic Area you can find those at https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_en.
If you would like to exercise such rights, please contact us at
privacy@kiteworks.com
with your specific request. We will consider your request in accordance with applicable laws and, where required to adhere to your request, we will do so within the time periods required by applicable law (generally 30 days following the request). To protect your privacy and security, we may take steps to verify your identity before complying with the request.
In addition to contacting us via email at
privacy@kiteworks.com
, you may contact us by mail at the following address:
Kiteworks USA, LLC
1510 Fashion Island Boulevard, Suite 100
San Mateo, CA 94404
Attn: Privacy Compliance
© 2024. Kiteworks USA, LLC. All rights reserved.
Last
Updated On: October 21, 2024
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.brevo.com/legal/privacypolicy/:
Table of contents
I. Privacy Policy Personal Data Protection
II. Brevo North America Privacy Policy
If the legal entity you represent or act on behalf of is incorporated in the
USA, Canada, Australia or New Zealand
, the following terms are applicable to you:
Sendinblue Inc. Privacy Policy
If you are a California resident, this latter Privacy Policy (II) shall also be applicable.
I. Privacy Policy Personal Data Protection
This is the Privacy Notice for
Sendinblue SAS
(collectively
referred to as
“
Brevo
,” “
us
,” “
our
,” or “
we
”).
In the course of its activity and for the purposes of providing the Services (as defined in our General Terms of Use), Brevo is required to collect and process the personal data of its users (hereafter referred to as the “Users”).
This privacy policy, implemented by Brevo, is intended to provide the Users with a summary and overview of the processing of personal data carried out by Brevo.
Brevo attaches particular importance to the respect for the privacy of the Users and of the confidentiality of their personal data, and is thus committed to processing the data in compliance with the applicable laws and regulations, and in particular Law No. 78-17 of 6 January 1978 relating to Information Technology, Data Files and Civil Liberties (hereafter referred to as the “Data Protection Act”), and Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data (hereafter referred to as the “GDPR”).
Definitions
Personal data:
any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person, that is, a person who can be identified, directly or indirectly, by reference to an identification number or to one or more elements specific to that person.
Processing of personal data:
any operation or any set of operations relating to personal data, whatever the process used, and in particular the collection, recording, organisation, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, as well as locking, erasure, or destruction.
Cookie :
a cookie is a piece of information placed on the hard drive of Internet users by the server of the site they visit. It contains several pieces of data: the name of the server which installed it, an identifier in the form of a unique number, and possibly an expiry date. This information is sometimes stored on the computer in a simple text file that a server accesses to read and save pieces of information.
Data Controller – DPO
The data controller for the processing of the personal data referred to herein is Brevo, a simplified joint stock company with a share capital of 387,722 Euros, registered with the Paris Trade and Companies Register under number 498 019 298 and whose registered office is located at 106 boulevard Haussmann, 75008 Paris, France.
Brevo has appointed a Data Protection Officer who can be contacted at the following address: dpo@brevo.com.
Data collected
Brevo collects data from Users in order to make the Services for which they have subscribed to the platform available to them.
The mandatory or optional nature of the data provided (in order to complete the Users’ registration and to render the Services) is indicated at the time of collection by an asterisk.
In addition, certain data is collected automatically as a result of the User’s actions on the site (see the paragraph on cookies).
Purposes
The personal data collected by Brevo during the provision of the Services is necessary for the performance of the contracts concluded with the Users, or to allow Brevo to pursue its legitimate interests while respecting the rights of the Users. Certain data may also be processed based on the Users’ consent.
The purposes for which Brevo processes data are the following:
commercial and accounting management of the contract;
management of customer acquisition and marketing activities;
detection of malicious behaviour (fraud, phishing, spam, etc.);
the improvement of the Users path on the site;
more generally, any purpose referred to in Article 2 of Deliberation No. 2012-209 of 21 June 2012 creating a simplified standard for the automated processing of personal data relating to the management of users and prospects.
Recipients of the data
The personal data collected is intended for Brevo’s commercial and accounting departments. It may be transmitted to Brevo’s subsidiaries, or to third-party data processors which Brevo is authorized to use within the context of the performance of its Services.
In this context, personal data may be transferred to an EU or non-EU country. Brevo implements guarantees ensuring the protection and security of this data, in compliance with applicable rules and regulations.
Brevo does not transfer or rent personal data to third parties for marketing purposes without the express consent of the Users of Brevo.
In addition, personal data may only be disclosed to third parties for purposes other than marketing in the following cases:
with their authorisation;
at the request of the competent legal authorities, upon judicial request, or in the context of a legal dispute.
Data retention period
To satisfy its legal obligations or in order to have the necessary elements to assert its rights, Brevo will be able to retain the data under the conditions established by applicable rules and regulations.
Thus, personal data collected by Brevo relating to the identity and contact details of its Users is retained for a maximum period of two years after the termination of the contractual relationship for Users that are customers, or from their collection by the data controller or the last contact from the Users that are prospects, for the data relating to the latter.
The termination of the contractual relationship is understood as the express termination of the contract by the User, or the non-use of Brevo Services for a period of five years.
Rights of Users
In accordance with applicable rules, the Users have the right to access and rectify their personal data, which enables them to rectify, complete, update, or delete data that is inaccurate, incomplete, ambiguous, or outdated, or whose collection, use, communication, or storage is prohibited.
The Users also have the right to request the limitation of the processing, and to oppose on legitimate grounds the processing of their personal data. The User may also communicate instructions on the fate of their personal data in the event of their death.
Where applicable, the User may request the portability of their personal data or, where the legal basis for the processing is consent, withdraw their consent at any time.
The Users may exercise their rights by sending an email to dpo@brevo.com or a letter to:
Sendinblue SAS  — DPO Team
106 boulevard Haussmann, 75008 Paris, France
These requests shall be processed within a maximum period of 30 days.
The Users may also at any time modify the data pertaining to them by logging on to
https://www.brevo.com
and clicking on “edit my profile” or by contacting the customer relations department at
support@brevo.com
The Users may unsubscribe from the Brevo newsletter or marketing emails by following the unsubscribe links in each of these emails.
In the event of a dispute, the Users may file a complaint with the CNIL, for which contact details may be found at
https://www.cnil.fr.
The Users may access detailed information on the use of their personal data, in particular concerning the purposes of the processing, the legal bases enabling Brevo to process the data, its storage period, its recipients, and, where applicable, its transfer to a country outside the European Union as well as the related compliance guarantees put in place for such transfers. To do so, the User can send their request by email to dpo@brevo.com.
Additional terms regarding the use of the Inbox Feature
Brevo’s platform complies with the
Google API Services user Data Policy
, including the Limited Use requirements. Any use and transfer of information received from Google API’s from Brevo’s platform to any other applications will require to adhere to
Google API Services User Data Policy
, including the Limited Use requirements.
Notwithstanding anything else in the present Privacy Policy, if the User provides Brevo access to their Gmail user data, Brevo shall:
only use access to read, write, modify, or control Gmail message bodies (including attachments), metadata, headers, and settings, allowing Brevo to provide a web email client for the Users to compose, send, read, and process emails;
never transfer such data to other parties unless doing so is necessary to provide and improve these features, comply with applicable law, or as part of a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets;
in no way use such data for its management of customer acquisition and marketing activities;
in no way use such data to serve advertisements;
not allow humans to read this data unless Brevo has the User’s affirmative agreement for specific messages, doing so is necessary for security purposes such as investigating abuse, to comply with applicable law, or for Brevo’s internal operations, and even then, only when the data have been aggregated and anonymized.
Cookies
For more information about how Brevo handles cookies, please visit our
cookie policy page
.
Security
Brevo has taken all necessary precautions to preserve the security of personal data and, in particular, to prevent it from being accessed by unauthorized third parties, distorted, or damaged.
These measures include the following:
Multi-level firewall.
Proven solutions for anti-virus protection and detection of intrusion attempts.
Encrypted data transmission using SSL/https/VPN technology.
Tier 3 and PCI DSS certified data centres.
In addition, access to processing data on behalf of Brevo by the receiving third-party services requires authentication of the persons accessing the data, by means of an individual access code and password, that is sufficiently robust and regularly renewed.
Data transmitted over unsecured communication channels is subject to technical measures designed to make such data incomprehensible to any unauthorised person.
Any questions about the security of the Brevo website can be directed to
support@brevo.com
.
Modification of the Privacy Policy
Brevo reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy to comply with changes in the applicable laws and regulations.
The Users shall be notified of any changes made to this policy via our website or by email at least thirty days prior, when possible, to their entry into force.
Contact
Any questions about Brevo’s Privacy Policy can be directed by email to
dpo@brevo.com
or by mail to:
Sendinblue SAS – DPO Team
106 boulevard Haussmann, 75008 Paris, France
II. Brevo North America Privacy Policy
For users incorporated in USA, Canada, Australia and New-Zealand
This is the Privacy Notice for
Sendinblue Inc.
dba
Sendinblue
, (collectively
referred to as
“
Brevo
,” “
us
,” “
our
,” or “
we
”). It explains how we collect and use information on brevo.com and other websites we own or operate (collectively, the “
Site
”), our suite of software and professional services owned and operated by Sendinblue Inc. or its affiliates and/or delivered under the business name Brevo (the “
Software
”) for managing contacts and designing, implementing, and administering email, sms, and certain other marketing programs , our other digital properties or services, and your communications with us by any means (collectively with the Site, Software, and Programs, the “
Services
”). Please read this Privacy Notice carefully to understand our privacy practices.
This Privacy Notice applies to Brevo’s activities in, or for Users that are incorporated in, the United States, Canada, New-Zealand and Australia, and includes supplemental notices specific to residents of
California
. If you are a resident of or located in the European Union, please instead review our
Privacy Policy Personal Data Protection
.
This Privacy Notice is governed by and part of our General Conditions of Use of Brevo Services (the “
General Terms
”). Your use of our Services is subject to this Privacy Notice and our General Terms, including its applicable limitations on damages and the provisions regarding resolution of disputes. Capitalized terms not defined in this Privacy Notice have the meanings given to them in the General Terms. Any additional notices we may provide you about our privacy practices will be considered to form part of this Privacy Notice.
Note that this Privacy Notice
DOES NOT
apply to any third-party websites, platforms, or activities, such as a Customer’s websites or marketing practices. If you are a Contact of our Customer(s), your use of a Customer’s website or receipt of marketing communications from a Brevo Customer is governed by the Customer’s privacy notice, and Brevo has no control over their privacy practices.
Consent
By using or accessing our Services in any manner, you acknowledge and accept this Privacy Notice, and you consent to Brevo’s collection, use, and disclosure of your information as described below. If you do not agree with this Privacy Notice, do not use our Services.
Personal information
As used in this Privacy Notice, “
Personal Information
” means information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household. Personal Information falls into various categories, such as identifiers, protected information, sensitive personal information (e.g., social security number, race, health data, or union membership), biometrics, commercial history, employment-related data, nonpublic educational information, internet activity, or inferences drawn to create a consumer profile. The use of sensitive personal data on the Platform and as part of the Services is forbidden.
Personal Information
does not
include (i) publicly available information (ii) aggregate information, meaning data about a group or category of services or users from which individual identities and other Personal Information has been removed; or (iii) deidentified information that cannot reasonably be used to infer information about, or otherwise be linked to, a particular consumer.
Collection and use of personal information
The types of Personal Information we collect and how it is used depends on how you interact with us, such as a Site visitor, a Brevo customer using the Services or representative of a customer (a “
Customer
”) or as a Customer’s marketing contact (“
Contact
”).  Brevo only collects, uses, retains, and shares Personal Information as reasonably necessary and proportionate to provide the Services or for other purposes that we disclose to you and are compatible with the context of how we collected your Personal Information. We will update this Privacy Notice or otherwise notify you before we collect additional categories of Personal Information from consumers or use such Personal Information for purposes that are incompatible with the purpose stated at the time of collection.
Categories of Personal Information
During the preceding 12 months, we have collected these categories of Personal Information:
Identifiers (e.g., name, address, phone number, email address, password, IP address)
Employment-related information (e.g., current or past employment)
Commercial information (e.g., purchases considered or completed)
Internet activity (e.g., interactions with the Site and Platform)
Sources of Collection
We collect Personal Information from the following sources and use that information as described below:
Directly from you when you contact us or place an order.
If you contact us via the Site or by email, phone, or other means to request information or support, we will collect your name, contact information, and employment-related information as needed to respond to your inquiry. If you place an order with us, we will use a PCI-compliant payment processor to collect and process your payment information. You may opt-in to save your payment information for future orders, but this is not required. We collect this information with your consent, and we use it to respond to your inquiries, communicate with you about your order status, or for the purposes stated at the time of collection.
Directly from you when you create a Customer account.
If you create a Customer account, we will collect your name, email address, company name, and require you to choose a password to login. We collect this information with your consent, and we use it to provide the Services, identify and administer your account, and communicate with you about the Services. You have the right to opt-out of communications from us, but you cannot opt out of communications that we send you regarding your account.
From our Customers about their Contacts.
Brevo Services enables Customers to promote their brands through email, SMS, chat, and other types of marketing communications. Customers may choose to input their Contacts’ Personal Information into the Services to send them marketing communications. Brevo collects Contacts’ Personal Information to fulfill our contractual obligations as a service provider to the Customer. A Customer’s processing of Contacts’ Personal Information via the Services is subject to the Customer’s privacy practices, not ours. Brevo is not responsible for any Customer’s compliance with applicable privacy laws, or a Customer’s obligations to related to their Contacts’ privacy rights.
Automatically from you when you visit the Site or use our Software.
When you visit our Site or use our Software, we automatically collect data about your internet activity such as your IP address, internet service provider description, information about the type of device used to access our Site, and browser information. Like most online services, the Site and Platform use cookies as described in our
Cookie List
. We collect this information to achieve our legitimate interest of facilitating online communication or when it is strictly necessary to provide an online Service. We use this information to help diagnose problems with and secure our servers, to administer the proper functioning and legitimate use of our Site, generate analytics and statistics. With your prior consent, we also use that information to improve the nature and marketing of the Services. The Customer warrants that it will provide all necessary information to the relevant natural persons, and obtain all necessary consents from them, as required by applicable data protection and electronic communication laws, in order to allow Brevo to lawfully deploy cookies and similar tracking technologies and to lawfully collect data from the devices of Contacts and Service Users. These tracers might include pixels and web beacons. The exact list of cookies and tracking devices is available
here
.
Children’s Privacy
Brevo does not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under 16. However, we cannot control the Personal Information our Customer’s collect. If a Customer chooses to input Personal Information of children under age 16 on the Services, that Customer does so under its own privacy practices, not ours. Brevo is not responsible for a Customer’s failure to comply with any law designed to protect children or any other law governing the Customer’s use of our Services. Please contact the Customer directly if you have questions about their privacy practices. As part of our commitment to your privacy, we encourage you to contact us at dpo@brevo.com if you believe we might have collected any information online from a child under 16, or if you are aware of any unauthorized submission of information to us. Brevo reserves the right to delete any information from our systems if we discover it was improperly collected.
Retention of Personal Information
Personal Information about Contacts.
The Customer is responsible for determining a data retention period of the Contact Personal Information and to operate the deletion when necessary. If the Customer does not take action, Brevo retains all categories of Personal Information we collect only as long as your Brevo account remains active or as necessary to provide you with the Services you request.
Commercial relationship personal information.
We may also retain and use Personal Information to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. We regularly review and deidentify unnecessary Personal Information and other data and we periodically deidentify unused accounts.
Cookie Data.
Any Personal Information that we may collect using cookies or other tracing technologies is retained on our system for 12 months. In some cases, we may be required to retain this Personal Information for longer or shorter periods to meet our regulatory obligations, in which case we will retain the data for the required period.
Other Uses
In addition to the specific uses described above, Brevo might also use your Personal Information to:
Provide, maintain, and improve our Services and user experience.
Send you support and administrative messages.
Monitor your compliance with any of your agreements with us.
Detect, investigate, and prevent fraudulent transactions and other illegal activities and protect the rights and property of Company and others.
Protect your privacy and enforce this Privacy Notice.
If we believe it is necessary, to identify, contact, or bring legal action against persons who may be causing injury to you, to us, or to others.
Comply with a law, regulation, legal process, or court order.
Fulfill any other purpose to which you consent.
Disclosing personal information
Categories
In the preceding 12 months, Brevo has disclosed all categories of Personal Information that we collected for a business purpose.
Recipients
Brevo may disclose Personal Information to the recipients described below, or to other recipients with your permission or as required by law.
Service Providers:
Brevo uses a variety of service providers such as data hosting companies, analytics services, email hosting services, and payment processors. The type of information that we share with a service provider will depend on the service that they provide to us. Our service providers are subject to contractual agreements that protect your Personal Information, and we require all service providers to maintain confidentiality standards that are commercially reasonable to ensure the security of your Personal Information.
Government Agencies:
Occasionally Brevo may be required by law enforcement or judicial authorities to provide Personal Information to governmental authorities. We fully cooperate with law enforcement agencies in identifying those who use our Services for illegal activities. Brevo reserves the right to disclose Personal Information to law enforcement and other governmental agencies, at our sole discretion in connection with an investigation of any matter that is illegal or that could expose Brevo or our affiliates to liability.
Cookie Information Recipients:
In some cases, we may allow specific cooperating entities to use
cookies
or similar technologies to collect non-personal data from your browser or device for measurement purposes. Receipt and use of such information are subject to each cookie information recipient’s Privacy Notice.
Affiliates and Third Parties:
We may disclose the Personal Information we collect about you to our affiliates like a parent company or subsidiaries. For example, we share Personal Information for Customer support purposes, marketing, or technical operations. Under specific circumstances, we may disclose Personal Information to certain third parties as permitted by applicable law, for example: if we go through a business transition (e.g., merger, acquisition, or asset sale); to comply with a legal requirement or a court order; when we believe it is appropriate to take action regarding illegal activities or prevent fraud or harm to any person; to exercise or defend our legal claims; or for any other reason with your consent.
Aggregated and Deidentified Information
We reserve the right to use and to disclose aggregated, anonymized, or deidentified information about any individuals with our affiliate companies (Brevo Group) for marketing, advertising, research and product development purposes.
Your privacy rights
Brevo believes you should have the ability to control the Personal Information we collect and hold about you on your own. You can use the methods described below to control how we collect and use your Personal Information.
Customer Accounts:
Customers can change or delete the Personal Information in their accounts at any time by signing into the Platform and editing information or changing settings. Brevo may offer instructions to guide Customers in making additional changes. A Customer can delete all of their Personal Information on Brevo by closing the account.
Contact Information:
Customers can change or delete their Contacts’ Personal Information at any time by signing into the Platform and editing information or changing settings. Brevo may offer instructions to guide Customers in making additional changes. If a Contact submits a Consumer Privacy Request directly to Brevo, we will relay the request to the applicable Customer for further processing.
Email Communications:
If you are a Customer or Site visitor, we may send you marketing emails about the Services. Customers may also receive informational or support emails from us. If you do not wish to receive these emails, you may change your preferences via the links provided in the emails or by sending a request to dpo@brevo.com to be removed from our email list. Note that if you opt-out of marketing communications, we may still send you non-promotional communications, such as those about your account or our ongoing business relations.
Texting Consent:
If you provide us with your wireless phone number, you consent to Brevo sending you informational or service text messages. However, we will only send you marketing text messages if you opt-in to receive these notifications from us. For all Brevo text messages, the number of texts you receive will depend on the Services you use and the information you request from us. You can unsubscribe from Brevo text messages by replying STOP or UNSUBSCRIBE to any of these text messages. Messaging and data charges may apply to any text message you receive or send. Please contact your wireless carrier if you have questions about messaging or data charges.
Do Not Track:
Do Not Track signals are signals sent through a browser informing us that you do not want to be tracked. Currently, our systems do not recognize browser “do-not-track” requests. If this changes in the future, we will update this Privacy Notice.
Depending on where you reside, you may have additional privacy rights or be entitled to additional controls over your Personal Information. Please see our supplemental notices specific to residents of
California
.
Consumer Privacy Requests
If you wish to exercise your privacy rights beyond the methods available through the Platform, or if you want to express concerns, lodge a complaint, or request information, please submit a verifiable Consumer Privacy Request using our online
Consumer Privacy Request
form or by sending an email to dpo@brevo.com.
Note that if you are a Customer’s Contact, then we process your Personal Information as a service provider to the Customer and we cannot fulfill your request directly. In that case, we will relay your request to the appropriate Customer for further processing and fulfillment, provided that we have sufficient information to do so.
Brevo can only fulfill a Consumer Privacy Request when we have sufficient information to verify that the requester is the person or an authorized representative of the person about whom we have collected Personal Information, and to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to the request. We do not charge a fee to process or respond to a verifiable request unless we have legal grounds to do so. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
We endeavor to respond to Consumer Privacy Requests in accordance with the requirements of the law applicable to your jurisdiction. Depending on the circumstances and the nature of your request, we may be unable to fulfill your request in part or in whole, for example, if your request falls within a statutory exception or if fulfilling your request would prevent us from complying with a statutory or contractual obligation.
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
This section provides residents of the State of California (“
California Consumers
”) with the disclosures and notices required under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“
CCPA
”). The following paragraphs apply solely to California Consumers and describe the specific rights afforded under the CCPA. California Consumers may exercise the following rights over their Personal Information, subject to any exceptions and limitations that may apply:
Right to Know:
You have the right to request that we disclose information to you about our collection and use of your Personal Information, such as: (i) the categories of Personal Information we have collected about you; (ii) the categories of sources for the Personal Information we have collected about you; (iii) our business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling or sharing your Personal Information; (iv) the categories of third parties with whom we disclose your Personal Information; and (v) a list of specific pieces of Personal Information we have collected about you. If a business sells or shares your Personal Information, you also You also have the right to ask the company to disclose the categories of your Personal Information sold or shared and the categories of third parties to whom that Personal information was sold or shared, as well as the categories of Personal information disclosed for a business purpose and the categories of recipients of that information. Brevo is only required to respond to two disclosure requests from you within a 12-month period.
Right to Access.
You have the right to request that we provide you with access to specific pieces of Personal Information we have collected about you over the past 12 months (also called a data portability request). If you submit a right to access request, we will provide you with copies of the requested Personal Information in a portable and readily usable format. Please note that Brevo may be prohibited by law from disclosing copies of certain Personal Information when the disclosure would create a substantial, articulable, and unreasonable risk to the security of the information, our systems, or your account. We are only required by law to respond to two access requests from you within a 12-month period.
Right to Correct.
If you discover that we maintain inaccurate Personal Information about you, or if your Personal Information changes, please inform us and we will update our records to reflect the correct information.
Right to Deletion.
You have the right to request that we delete Personal Information that we collected from you and retained, with certain exceptions. Brevo may permanently delete, deidentify, or aggregate the Personal Information in response to a request for deletion. If you submit a right to deletion request, we will confirm the Personal Information to be deleted prior to its deletion, and we will notify you when your request is complete.
No Selling Personal Information.
Brevo does not and will never sell your Personal Information to third parties..
Sharing Personal Information.
Brevo may share Personal Information we collect via cookies and other tracing technologies with third parties for cross-contextual behavioral advertising purposes. You can opt-out of this sharing by adjusting your cookie settings or by submitting a
Consumer Privacy Request
.
Limited Use and Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information.
Brevo does not seek to collect sensitive Personal Information from any consumer. If a Customer chooses to input sensitive Personal Information into the Platform, we will not use or disclose Sensitive Personal Information for the purpose of inferring characteristics about any consumer. If this ever changes in the future, we will update this Privacy Notice and provide you with methods to limit use and disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information. However, we have no control over whether our Customers may use or disclose their contacts’ sensitive Personal information for any particular purpose. If you are a Contact of our Customers, please direct any questions about your sensitive Personal Information to the respective Customer.
Right to Nondiscrimination.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by law, we will not: (i) deny you goods or services; (ii) charge you different prices or rates for goods or services; (iii) provide you a different level or quality of goods or services; or (iv) suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services, because you exercised a right under the CCPA.
Right to Disclosure of Marketing Information.
Under California’s Shine the Light Act (Ca. Civ. Code § 1798.83-1798.84), California Consumers are entitled to request certain disclosures about Personal Information sharing with affiliates and/or third parties for marketing purposes. Please contact us if you wish to obtain these disclosures.
California Consumers may exercise these rights over their Personal Information by logging into their Customer account or by sending us a verifiable
Consumer Privacy Request
, subject to any exceptions and limitations that may apply.
Employee Data Exception
In many cases, the Personal Information we collect about you is in a business-to-business context when you are acting as an employee to a Customer or potential Customer in the performance of your job duties. Please note that Personal Information collected and used in this context is not protected under the CCPA.
Data security
Brevo implements reasonable and appropriate security procedures and practices to help protect your Personal Information from unauthorized or illegal access, destruction, use, modification, or disclosure. We employ a series of security measures, including a multi-level firewall, encryption, and anti-virus and intrusion detection solutions. All data is stored on secure servers in Tier 3 and PCI DSS certified data centers and is only accessible to our personnel and contractors via authentication measures. We ensure that Brevo employees, contractors, and agents responsible for handling your inquiries are informed of applicable privacy law requirements and we restrict access to those who need that information in order to process it.
Please note, however, that no transmission of data over the internet is 100% secure. We cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will not defeat our security measures or use your Personal Information for improper purposes. We also have no control over our Customers’ security measures or practices, and we make no representations or guarantees that your Personal Information is secure once transmitted or stored on their systems.
It is your responsibility to keep your Customer account secure from unauthorized access. We encourage our Customers to take steps to protect against unauthorized access to their accounts, such as choosing a robust password, keeping the password private, and signing off after using a shared computer or other device. Brevo is not responsible for any lost, stolen, or compromised passwords, or any unauthorized activity on your account.
Additional terms regarding the use of the Inbox Feature
Brevo’s platform complies with the
Google API Services user Data Policy
, including the Limited Use requirements. Any use and transfer of information received from Google API’s from Brevo’s platform to any other applications will require to adhere to
Google API Services User Data Policy
, including the Limited Use requirements.
Third party websites
The Services may contain links to websites owned or operated by third parties. We have no ability to control, and we are not responsible for, the privacy and data collection, use, and disclosure practices of third-party websites. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of each website that collects your Personal Information.
Changes to this privacy notice
We may periodically update this Privacy Notice. If we make any material changes, we will notify you by updating this posting or by posting notice in the Services. The date that this Privacy Notice was last revised is identified at the top of the page. Your continued use of the Services after the effective date will be subject to the new Privacy Notice. You are responsible for periodically checking this Privacy Notice for changes.
Contact Brevo
If you have questions about our privacy practices or would like to make a complaint, please contact us at dpo@brevo.com, or by mail at Brevo 1402 Third Avenue, #301, Seattle, WA 98101.
For UK based data subjects, processors, controllers, and the ICO: The representative for the UK according to Article 27 of the UK GPDR can be reached by email: dpo@brevo.com
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies in your browser to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and provide our ad partners with information for ad personalization and measurement.
Cookies Settings
Reject All
Accept All Cookies
Your Privacy
Targeting Cookies
Performance Cookies
Functional Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Your Privacy
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites.    They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site.    All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages.    If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms.    You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Back Button
Cookie List
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel