Become a sitter
Sign up
Log in
Help
pages.privacy.title
pages.privacy.updates
We restructured the Privacy Policy to make it easier to read.
We updated the Privacy Policy to comply with the new requirements under the EU General Data Protection Regulation coming into force on May 25, 2018.
pages.privacy.lastUpdated
Pawshake - Privacy & Cookies policy
Pawshake is a platform that helps Pet Owners to find a trusted Pet Sitter in their community (the
            “Platform”). The Platform is being managed by Pawshake, Inc. with its headquarter at 161 N Castanya Way,
            Portola Valley, CA 94028, United States of America (“Pawshake”).
Pawshake is committed to doing business with the highest ethical standards by delivering a high-quality
            Platform to its Users. Pawshake is committed to handling information regarding the Users responsibly. In
            this Privacy Policy, the User can find a description how Pawshake handles different types of the User's
            Personal Data that are gathered by Pawshake.
1. GENERAL INFORMATION
This Privacy Policy comprises all information related to any operation or set of operations which is
            performed on the Personal Data or on sets of such data such as collection, organization, structuring,
            storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination
            or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction by Pawshake.
Pawshake declares that this Privacy Policy is drafted in accordance with the EU Regulation 2016/679 of 27
            April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regards to the processing of personal data and on the
            free movement of such data and repealing Directive 95/46/EC (the 'GDPR').
The declaration above includes information about the type of personal data collected by Pawshake via the
            Platform, as well as the manner in which Pawshake uses and processes this data.
Accessing and/or using (creation of the Account included) the Platform implies the User's informed consent
            (through disclosure of the User's Personal Data or opt-in) to the Privacy Policy and consequently to how
            Pawshake collects and further processes the Personal Data.
Pawshake takes responsibility for the processing of the User's Personal Data as the Processor and the
            Controller. Taking into account the nature, scope, context and purposes of processing as well as the risks
            of varying likelihood and severity for the rights and freedoms of natural persons, Pawshake declares to
            implement appropriate technical and organizational measures for ensuring that, by default, only the Personal
            Data which are necessary for each specific purpose of the processing are processed and to be able to
            demonstrate that such processing is performed in accordance with the GDRP.
This Privacy Policy is applicable to the Platform and any other relations between Pawshake and the User.
This Privacy Policy may be revised or updated by Pawshake anytime. The User will be notified about any
            modification, no later than at the date of the revision or the update of the Privacy Policy, by posting
            appropriate notice and by an email. If the User disagrees with the revised Privacy Policy, the User shall
            delete his/her Account. If the Account is not deleted before the date the revised Privacy Policy becomes
            effective and the User continues the access to and/or the use of the Platform, the User will be the subject
            to the revised Privacy Policy.
2. DEFINITIONS
The following terms used in this Privacy Policy shall have the meaning ascribed to them below:
Account
refers to a set of resources and rights within a given computer system assigned to you as the User for the
            purpose of accessing and/or using the Platform.
Cookie
refers to a small data file that Pawshake transfers to the User's device hard disk for record-keeping
            purposes. Pawshake uses Cookies on the Platform to help analyze its web page flow; customize Pawshake's
            services, content and advertising; measure promotional effectiveness, and promote trust and safety.
Controller
refers to an entity (here Pawshake) which determines the purposes and means of the processing of the
            Personal Data.
GDPR
refers to the Regulation 2016/679 of The European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the
            protection of natural persons with regards to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of
            such data and repealing Directive 95/46/EC.
Facebook
refers to an American online social media and social networking service company (Facebook, Inc.) based in
            Menlo Park, California.
Observer
refers to any person entering the Platform without creating an Account.
Pawshake
refers to Pawshake, Inc. with its headquarter in at 161 N Castanya Way, Portola Valley, CA 94028, United
            States of America
Personal Data
refers to all data mentioned in the section Collection Of Personal Data by Pawshake).
Pet Owner
refers to a User who owns a pet.
Pet Sitter
refers to a User who is willing to take care of a Pet Owner's pet under the conditions set out in this
            Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use.
Platform
refers to a platform that helps Pet Owners to find a trusted Pet Sitter in their community.
Privacy Policy
refers to this document concerning provisions related to Privacy and Cookies Policy.
Privacy Rights
refers to your rights concerning your Personal Data.
Processor
refers to an entity (here Pawshake) which processes the Personal Data on behalf of the Controller.
User
refers to a person acting as a Pet Owner or a Pet Sitter who accesses and uses the Platform via the User's
            Account.
User Content
refers to any content and information posted, uploaded, published, linked to, transmitted, recorded,
            displayed or otherwise made available on the Platform and/or transmitted by a User to other Users, including
            text messages, chats, videos, photographs and others whether it is publicly or privately transmitted.
The headlines of sections have been placed only for convenience and will not affect the interpretation of
            the relevant provisions of this Privacy Policy.
Unless it is clear from the context, expressions in the singular form shall include the plural form and vice
            versa.
All references to legal provisions refer to the content of the applicable law (including all amendments,
            supplements and amendments adopted at that time).
3. COLLECTION OF PERSONAL DATA BY PAWSHAKE
3.1 Information Pawshake collects
IP address of the User's device
3.2 Information the User gives to Pawshake
a. Information that is necessary for the use of the Platform:
Account Information
- being the User's first and last name, email address and address;
Profile and Listing Information
(needed for booking and creating a listing) - the User's address,
                phone number and a profile picture.
Identity Verification Information
(helps to create and maintain a trusted environment) - images
                of the User's government issued ID and/or passport, national ID card, driving license as permitted by
                applicable laws or other authentication information;
Payment Information
(needed for booking and creating a listing to facilitate the processing of
                payments): the User's bank account or credit card information. For this Pawshake uses a third party
                payment provider. As such the Payment Information is not visible for Pawshake;
Communications with Pawshake and other Members
- information about the User's communication (such
                as history of correspondence) and any information the User chooses to provide.
b. Information the User chooses to give:
The User may choose, but the User is not obliged, to provide Pawshake with additional personal information
            in order to obtain a better User's experience when using the Platform.
Additional Profile Information
(some of this information as indicated in the Account settings is
                a part of the User's public profile page and it is publicly visible to others) - city where the User is
                from, personal description;
Other Information
- information provided when filling in a form, conducting a search, updating or
                adding information to the User's Account, responding to survey, posting to community forums,
                participating in promotions or using other features of the Platform,
Payment Information
- the User's bank account or credit card information in order to process
                payments and comply with applicable law when the User makes a booking or accepts a booking;
Identity Verification and Other Information
- images of the User's government issued ID and/or
                passport, national ID card, driving license as permitted by applicable laws or other authentication
                information, the User's date of birth, the User's address, the User's email address, the User's phone
                number and other information in order to verify the User's identity by Pawshake's payment partners.
3.3 Information automatically collected by Pawshake
a.
Information about the services used by the User and the way of using them by the User
(necessary
            for providing adequate performance of the contract between the User and Pawshake, enabling Pawshake to
            comply with legal obligations and given Pawshake's legitimate interest in being able to provide and improve
            the functionalities of the Platform;
b.
Location Information
- When you first install or launch any of our mobile applications that
            collect location information, you will be asked to consent to the application's collection of this
            information. We require location information to use certain features of our Services, so if you do not
            consent to this collection, you cannot use those features. If you initially consent to our collection of
            location information, you can subsequently stop the collection of this information at any time by changing
            the preferences on your mobile device. If you do so, certain features of our mobile applications will no
            longer function. You may also stop our collection of location information by following the standard
            uninstall process to remove our mobile application from your device. Pawshake may also collect this
            information even when the User is not using the Platform if this connection is enabled through the settings
            or device permissions;
c.
Usage Information
- information about the User's interaction with the Platform such as the pages
            or content the User views, the User's searches for listings, bookings the User have made and other actions
            on the Platform;
d.
Log Data and Device Information
- log data and device information such as details about how a
            person has used the Platform, IP address of the used device, browser type or the webpage software
            information a person has visited before coming to the Platform, access dates and times, hardware and
            software information, device event information, unique identifiers and Cookies data (collected when a person
            accesses and uses the Platform even without creating an Account or log in) - this information is used to
            verify that visitors of the Platform meet the criteria required to process their requests
e.
Cookies and Similar Technologies
-Pawshake uses Cookies and other similar technologies, such as web
            beacons, pixels, and mobile identifiers. Pawshake may also allow its business partners to use these tracking
            technologies on the Platform, or engage others to track the User's behaviour on Pawshake's behalf. The User
            may disable the use of Cookies through the User's browser settings.
f.
Payment Transaction Information
- information about the payment instrument used by the User for
            payment transactions through the Platform, date and time of the transaction, payment amount, payment
            instrument expiration date and billing postcode, the User's PayPal email address, the User's IBAN
            information, the User's address and other details related to the transaction.
3.4 Information that Pawshake collects from third parties
Pawshake does not control, supervise or respond or how the third parties process the User's Personal Data
            and any information request regarding the disclosure of such data to Pawshake shall be directed to such
            third parties.
a.
Third Party Services
(applies to a situation when the User links, connects or logs into his/her
            Account with a third party service as i.e. Facebook) - the User's profile information from the third party's
            service;
b.
The User's References
- in case if somebody has written a review for a User, the review will be
            published on the User's public profile page on the Platform;
c.
Background Information
- to the extent permitted by applicable laws and with the User's consent
            where required, Pawshake may obtain the local version of police, background or registered sex offender
            checks. Pawshake may use the User's information to obtain such reports;
d.
Other Sources
- to the extent permitted by applicable law, Pawshake may receive additional
            information about the User, such as demographic data or fraud detection information, from third party
            service providers and/or partners, and combine it with information Pawshake has about the User. For example,
            Pawshake may receive background check results (with the User's consent where required) or fraud warnings
            from service providers like identity verification services for Pawshake's fraud prevention and risk
            assessment efforts. Pawshake may receive information about the User and his/her activities on and off the
            Platform through partnerships, or about the User's experiences and interactions from Pawshake's partner ad
            networks.
The Personal Data are provided to Pawshake therefore expressly and voluntarily by the User.
The Personal Data can be obtained by Pawshake by:
a. accessing the Service, and/or
b. using Cookies.
Data obtained by Pawshake by placing Cookies in the Observer or the User device are not used to identify the
            Observer or the User through these data, but to allow Pawshake to draw up statistics regarding the use of
            the Platform.
The User is responsible for ensuring the accuracy of the Personal Data submitted to the Platform. Inaccurate
            information will affect the User's ability to access the Platform and Pawshake's ability to contact the User
            as described in this Privacy Policy.
4. PURPOSES FOR WHICH THE PERSONAL DATA IS COLLECTED BY PAWSHAKE
Pawshake uses, stores, and processes information, including personal information, about the User to provide,
            understand, improve, and develop the Platform, create and maintain a trusted and safer environment and
            comply with Pawshake's legal obligations.
Pawshake will not, without the User's express consent, provide the User's Personal Data to any third parties
            for the purpose of direct marketing.
Pawshake collects and processes the User's Personal Data in order to:
a. provide, improve and develop the Platform:
to enable the User to access and use the Platform;
to enable the User to communicate with other Users;
to operate, protect, improve and optimize the Platform and experience such as by performing analytics
                and conducting research;
to provide customer service;
to send the User service or support messages, updates, security alerts and account notifications;
to facilitate the User's referral invitations,
to send User's requests for references,
to provide fraud detection and prevention;
to provide any other services authorized by the User at the time of collection of the Personal Data;
to operate, protect, improve and optimize the Platform and experience and personalize and customize the
                User's experience (such as making listing suggestions or ranking search results) - Pawshake conducts
                profiling base on the User's interaction with Pawshake, the User's search and booking history, the
                User's profile information and preferences, and other User Content submitted to Pawshake
Pawshake processes this information given its legitimate interest in improving the Platform and the Users'
            experience with it, and where it is necessary for the adequate performance of the contract with the User.
b. create and maintain a trusted and safer environment:
to detect and prevent fraud, spam, abuse, security incidents, and other harmful activity;
to conduct security investigations and risk assessments;
to verify or authenticate information or identifications provided by the User (such as to verify the
                User's accommodation address or compare the User's identification photo to another photo the User
                provided);
to conduct checks against databases and other information sources, including background or police
                checks, to the extent permitted by applicable laws and with the User's consent where required;
to comply with Pawshake's legal obligations;
to resolve any disputes with any of the Users and enforce Pawshake's agreements with third parties;
to enforce Pawshake's Terms of Use and other policies;
in connection with the activities above, Pawshake may conduct profiling based on the User's interactions
            with the Platform, the User's profile information and other content the User submits to the Platform, and
            information obtained from third parties. In limited cases, automated processes may restrict or suspend
            access to the Platform if such processes detect the User or activity that Pawshake think poses a safety or
            other risk to Pawshake, other Users, or third parties.
Pawshake processes this information given its legitimate interest in protecting Pawshake, to measure the
            adequate performance of Pawshake's contract with the User, and to comply with applicable laws.
c. provide, personalize and improve Pawshake's marketing:
to send the User promotional messages, marketing, advertising, and other information that may be of
                interest to the User based on his/her preferences (including information about Pawshake or partner
                campaigns and services) and social media advertising through social media platforms such as Facebook or
                Google);
to personalize, measure, and improve Pawshake's advertising;
to administer referral programs, rewards, surveys, sweepstakes, contests, or other promotional
                activities or events sponsored or managed by Pawshake or its third-party partners;
to conduct profiling on the User's characteristics and preferences (based on the information the User
                provides to Pawshake, the User's interactions with the Platform and Pawshake, information obtained from
                third parties, and the User's search and booking history) to send the User promotional messages,
                marketing, advertising and other information that Pawshake thinks may be of interest to the User.
Pawshake will process the User's Personal Data for the purposes listed in this section given its legitimate
            interest in undertaking marketing activities to offer the User products or services that may be of the
            User's interest. The User can opt-out of receiving marketing communications from Pawshake by following the
            unsubscribe instructions included in Pawshake's marketing communications.
d. payment information collected:
to detect and prevent fraud, abuse, security incidents, and other harmful activity;
to conduct security investigations and risk assessments;
to conduct checks against databases and other information sources;
to comply with legal obligations (such as anti-money laundering regulations);
with the User's consent, to send the User promotional messages, marketing, advertising, and other
                information that may be of interest to the User based on his/her preferences.
Pawshake processes this information given its legitimate interest in improving the Users' experience, and
            where it is necessary for the adequate performance of the contract with the User and to comply with
            applicable laws.
5. THE USER'S PRIVACY RIGHTS
To exercise the User's Privacy Rights, the User shall contact Pawshake via its email privacy[at]
            pawshake.com.
In connection with the Personal Data, the User has following Privacy Rights:
a.
right to be informed
- the User has the right to know (i) the identity and the contact details of
            the Controller and, where applicable, of the Controller's representative, (ii) the contact details of the
            data protection officer, (iii) the purposes of the processing for which the Personal Data are intended as
            well as the legal basis for the processing, the recipients or categories of recipients of the Personal Data,
            (iv) the period for which the Personal Data will be stored and (v) whether the provision of Personal Data is
            a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract, as well as
            whether the data subject is obliged to provide the personal data and of the possible consequences of failure
            to provide such data;
b.
right to access
- the User has the right to access his/her Personal Data and to know the source of
            such Personal Data, to obtain a copy of the User's Personal Data, to receive confirmation of the User's
            Personal Data processing and/or profiling, to obtain information on processing of the User's Personal Data,
            to envision consequences of the processing of the User's Personal Data;
c.
right to rectify, erase or restrict the User's Personal Data
- the User has to note that Pawshake
            will keep the User's name and e-mail address in a list to prove that Pawshake complied with the User's
            request. This list shall be kept within Pawshake's records for five (5) years, after which period the User
            shall no longer have the right to request proof of the exercise of such right;
d.
right to object
- the User has the right to object to the processing of the Personal Data when a
            serious and legitimate reason arises;
e.
right to withdraw the consent
- the User has the right to withdraw his/her consent to process the
            Personal Data;
f.
right to data portability
- the User has the right to obtain the User's Personal Data in a
            structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and has the right to transmit those data to another
            controller without hindrance from Pawshake;
g.
right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority
- the User has the right, that does not
            affect a procedure before the civil court, to file a complaint with their local Privacy Commission.
Exercising of the Privacy Rights is free of charge. The User is always allowed, via the User's Account, to
            update, modify and/or verify the User's Personal Data.
6. STORAGE AND PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATA
Pawshake declares to storage and process the Personal Data within the European Union, Asia Pacific and North
            America. Laws in these countries may differ from the laws applicable to the User's country of residence. As
            such, Pawshake developed binding corporate rules to handle the data transfers occurring within the company.
Pawshake stores and processes the Personal Data during the period necessary depending on the purposes of the
            processing of the Personal Data described in this Privacy Policy. It means the User's Personal Data will be
            kept by Pawshake as long as it is reasonably necessary taking into consideration our need to answer queries
            or resolve problems, provide improved and new services and comply with legal requirements under applicable
            law(s). This means that Pawshake may retain the Personal Data for a reasonable period after the User stops
            using the Service provided by Pawshake. After this period, the User's personal information will be deleted
            from all systems within Pawshake.
Any transfer of the Personal Data outside the European Economic Area (EEA) to a recipient whose domicile or
            registered office is in a country which does not fall under the adequacy decision enacted by the European
            Commission, shall be governed by the provisions of a data transfer agreement, which shall contain (i) the
            standard contractual clauses, as referred to in the 'European Commission decision of 5 February 2010
            (Decision 2010/87/EC)', or (ii) any other mechanism pursuant to privacy legislation, or any other
            regulations pertaining to the processing of personal data.
The processing of the Personal Data may include profiling.
Pet Owners are allowed to evaluate Pet Sitters. Pet Sitters who obtain the highest rate will be displayed on
            the home site of the Platform.
7. SHARING PERSONAL DATA WITH THIRD PARTIES
7.1 Disclosure to business partners
Pawshake has the right to disclose some of the Personal Data (i.e. list of Pet Sitters) to its business
            partners for the performance or delivery of the services offered by Pawshake.
Without prejudice to the foregoing, Pawshake shall not disclose any of Personal Data (apart from the
            Personal Data visible on the site or Platform) to any third parties for indirect marketing purposes without
            the consent of the User.
7.2 Sharing between Users
To help facilitate bookings or other interactions between Users, Pawshake may need to share certain
            information, including Personal Data, with other Users, as it is necessary for the adequate performance of
            the contract between the User and Pawshake, as follows:
a. when the Pet Owner submits a booking request, certain information about him/her is shared with the Pet
            Sitter, including the Pet Owner's full name, and other information he/she agrees to share. When the Pet
            Owner's booking is confirmed, Pawshake will disclose additional information to assist with coordinating the
            trip, like the Pet Owner's phone number.
b. when you as the Pet Sitter have confirmed a booking, certain information is shared with the Pet Owner to
            coordinate the booking, such as the Pet Sitter's full name.
Pawshake does not share User's billing and payout information with other Users.
7.3 Profiles, Listings, and other Public Information
Pawshake lets the User publish information, including personal information that is visible to the general
            public. For example:
a. parts of the User's public profile page, such as the User's first name, the User's description, and city
            are publicly visible to others.
b. listing pages are publicly visible and include information such as listing description, calendar
            availability, the User's public profile photo, and any additional information the User chooses to share.
c. after completing a booking, Pet Owner may write a review and rate the Pet Sitter. Reviews and ratings are
            a part of the Pet Sitter's public profile page and may also be surfaced elsewhere on the Platform.
d. if the User submits any content in a community or discussion forum, blog or social media post, or use a
            similar feature on the Platform, that content is publicly visible.
Based on Pawshake's legitimate interest to promote the Platform, Pawshake may display parts of the Platform
            (e.g., the User's listing page) on sites operated by Pawshake's business partners, using technologies such
            as widgets or APIs. If the User's listings are displayed on a partner's site, information from the User's
            public profile page may also be displayed.
Information the User shares publicly on the Platform may be indexed through third party search engines. In
            some cases, the User may opt-out of this feature in the Account settings. If the User changes the settings
            or his/her public-facing content, these search engines may not update the Users' databases. Pawshake does
            not control the practices of third party search engines, and they may use caches containing the User's
            outdated information.
7.4 Service Providers
Pawshake uses a variety of third-party service providers to help Pawshake provide services. Service
            providers may be located inside or outside of the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For example, service
            providers may help Pawshake to: (i) verify the User's identity or authenticate the User's identification
            documents, (ii) check information against public databases, (iii) conduct background or police checks, fraud
            prevention, and risk assessment, (iv) perform product development, maintenance and debugging, (v) allow the
            provision of Pawshake's services through third party platforms and software tools (e.g. through the
            integration with our APIs), or (vi) provide customer service, advertising, or payments services. These
            providers have limited access to the User's Personal Data to perform these tasks on Pawshake's behalf and
            are contractually bound to protect and to use it only for the purposes for which it was disclosed and
            consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Pawshake will need to share the User's information, including Personal Data, in order to ensure the adequate
            performance of Pawshake's contract with the User.
7.5 Social Media Platforms
Where permissible according to applicable law Pawshake may use certain limited personal information about
            the User, such as the User's email address, to hash it and to share it with social media platforms, such as
            Facebook or Google, to generate leads, drive traffic to the Platform or otherwise promote Pawshake's
            products and services or the Platform. These processing activities are based on Pawshake's legitimate
            interest in undertaking marketing activities to offer the User products or services that may be if the
            User's interest.
The social media platforms with which Pawshake may share the User's Personal Data are not controlled or
            supervised by Pawshake. Therefore, any questions regarding how the User's social media platform service
            provider processes his/her Personal Data should be directed to such provider.
7.6 Aggregated Data
Pawshake may also share aggregated information (information about the Users that Pawshake combines together
            so that it no longer identifies or references an individual User) and other anonymized information for
            regulatory compliance, industry and market analysis, demographic profiling, marketing and advertising, and
            other business purposes.
7.7. Exceptions
Except for the situation described above, Pawshake shall not disclose any of the Personal Data to third
            parties unless it is necessary in the context of providing proper functionality of the Platform and
            optimizing it. If it is necessary that Pawshake discloses the Personal Data to third parties in this
            context, the third party is required to use the Personal Data according to the provisions of this Privacy
            Policy.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, it is, however, possible that Pawshake discloses the Personal Data:
a. to the competent authorities (i) if Pawshake is obliged to do so under the law or under legal or future
            legal proceedings and (ii) to safeguard and defend Pawshake rights;
b. if Pawshake, or the majority of its assets, are taken over by a third party, in which case the Personal
            Data shall be one of the transferred assets;
c. in all other cases, Pawshake will not sell, hire out or pass on the Personal Data to third parties,
            except when it (i) has obtained permission of a data subject and (ii) has completed a data processing
            agreement with the third party in question, which contains the necessary guarantees regarding
            confidentiality and privacy compliance of the Personal Data.
8. SAFETY OF PERSONAL DATA
Pawshake declares to take all appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect the
            confidentiality and security of the Personal Data. These efforts include, but are not necessarily limited
            to: (i) storing the User's personal information in secure operating environments that are not available to
            the public and that are only accessible by persons authorized by Pawshake and, (ii) verifying the identities
            of the Users before they can access the Personal Data Pawshake maintains about them.
In the event of and following discovery or notification of a breach of the security of the Personal Data, or
            access by an unauthorized person, Pawshake will notify the User if the breach is likely to affect the User's
            privacy.
The User is obliged to comply with safety standards, for instance by avoiding all non-authorized access to
            the User's devices and the Account. The User is solely responsible for the use of the Platform on the User's
            devices, IP-address and identification data, as well as for its confidentiality.
Notwithstanding the security measures and policy adopted by Pawshake, an infallible level of security cannot
            be guaranteed. Since no method of transmission or forwarding over the Internet or any method of electronic
            storage is100%secure, Pawshake does not guarantee absolute security.
9. USE OF COOKIES
Pawshake informs to use Cookies to distinguish the Users' preferences and to offer better functionality of
            the Platform.
At the moment of the first access to the Service, the User accepts different kinds of Cookies used by the
            Platform. Otherwise (in case of the lack of such acceptance), the User shall delete his/her Account.
The User can block Cookies by activating the User's browser settings which allow the User to refuse the
            Cookies. The rejection of these Cookies may have the effect of not allowing the User to use some
            functionalities of the Service Platform.
More information on Cookies can be found via the following link: http://www.allaboutcookies.org/
Pawshake uses session cookies (which expire once the User logs out from the Account) and persistent cookies
            (which stay on the User's device for a set period of time or until the User delete them). The following
            types of cookies are used by Pawshake for the purposes explained in this overview:
TYPE OF COOKIES: Strictly necessary Cookies
PURPOSE: Providing a possibility to use the Platform or providing certain functions the User requested.
TYPE OF COOKIES: Functionality Cookies
PURPOSE: Improvement of the functionality of the Platform.
TYPE OF COOKIES: Tracking Cookies
PURPOSE: Capturing of the User's traffic behaviour. This type of Cookies survives the User's session. When
            the max-age of a permanent cookie is set at one year, then, within that year, the initial value - stored in
            that Cookie - shall be sent back to the server each time the User visits the server - the purpose is to save
            a vital piece of information, such as how the User initially came to the App.
TYPE OF COOKIES: Performance Cookies
PURPOSE: Improvement the functionality of the Platform. The Platform uses Cookies connected with Google
            Analytics to analyze how the Users use the Platform. It records the number of visitors and it provides
            Pawshake with information on their overall behaviour - such as the typical duration of a visit to the
            Platform or the number of pages a user views on average.
The Platform may contain electronic images known as Web beacons (sometimes called single-pixel gifs). Web
            beacons are used along with Cookies to compile aggregated statistics to analyze how the Platform is used and
            may be used in some of Pawshake's emails to let Pawshake know which emails and links have been opened by
            recipients. This allows Pawshake to gauge the effectiveness of its customer communications and marketing
            campaigns.
10. CONTACT INFORMATION
If there are any questions about Pawshake's Privacy Policy and how it relates to the User's use of the
            Platform, the User can contact Pawshake:
a. in writing at Pawshake Inc. Legal Department, 161 N Castanya Way, Portola Valley, CA 94028 USA; or
b. by using following email address: privacy [at] pawshake.com.
11. FINAL PROVISIONS
11.1 Use of the Platform
The User's Account can be created only by a person who is at least 18 years-old.
11.2 Liability for User Content
Pawshake is not liable for any User Content.
11.3 Third Party Partners & Integrations
Pawshake is not liable for any links that may be found in the Platform, which lead and/or allow the User to
            directly enter any third party websites, nor for any potential Personal Data protection infringements that
            could occur in connection with browsing such websites. Because of that the User shall acknowledge any
            privacy provisions which may be found on such third party websites.
11.4 Google Maps/Google Earth
Parts of the Platform use Google Maps services, including the Google Maps API(s). Use of Google Maps is
            subject to
Google Maps/Earth Additional Terms of Use
and the
Google Privacy Policy
.
11.5 Analyzing the User's Communications
Pawshake may review, scan, or analyze the User's communications on the Platform for fraud prevention, risk
            assessment, regulatory compliance, investigation, product development and customer support purposes. For
            example, as part of Pawshake's fraud prevention efforts, Pawshake scans and analyzes messages to mask
            contact information and references to other websites. In some cases, Pawshake may also scan, review, or
            analyze messages to debug, improve, and expand product offerings. Pawshake uses automated methods where
            reasonably possible. However, occasionally Pawshake may need to manually review some communications, such as
            for fraud investigations and customer support, or to assess and improve the functionality of these automated
            tools. Pawshake will not review, scan, or analyze the User's communications to send third party marketing
            messages to the User, and Pawshake will not sell reviews or analyses of these communications. These
            activities are carried out based on Pawshake's legitimate interest in ensuring compliance with applicable
            laws and Pawshake's Terms of Use, preventing fraud, promoting safety, and improving and ensuring the
            adequate performance of Pawshake's services.
11.6 Entry into force
This Privacy Policy enters into force on May 16, 2018
1000+ Trusted sitters in Australia
Adelaide SA
Brisbane QLD
Bunbury WA
Cairns QLD
Canberra ACT
Darwin NT
Geelong VIC
Gold Coast QLD
Hobart TAS
Melbourne VIC
Mornington VIC
Newcastle NSW
Penrith NSW
Perth WA
Sunshine Coast QLD
Sydney NSW
Toowoomba QLD
Townsville City QLD
Tweed Heads NSW
Wollongong NSW
Top dog boarding cities
1000+ Trusted sitters in Australia
Adelaide SA
Brisbane QLD
Canberra ACT
Geelong VIC
Gold Coast QLD
Melbourne VIC
Mornington VIC
Penrith NSW
Perth WA
Sunshine Coast QLD
Sydney NSW
Tweed Heads NSW
Top dog boarding cities
1000+ Trusted sitters in Australia
Adelaide SA
Brisbane QLD
Gold Coast QLD
Melbourne VIC
Penrith NSW
Perth WA
Sydney NSW
Tweed Heads NSW
Top dog boarding cities
About us
Our story
In the press
Blog
Services
Dog Boarding
Doggy Day Care
Dog Walking
Dog Sitting
Cat Sitting
Pet Sitting
House Sitting
Payment methods
Learn more
How does Pawshake work?
Testimonials
The Pawshake Guarantee
Payments and refunds
FAQ for Pet Owners
FAQ for Pet Sitters
Help
Legal
Privacy policy
Terms and Conditions
Country
Australia
-
English
Available on
Find us on
© 2025 Pawshake Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.google.com/privacy.html:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語