Privacy
      Policy
(updated
      21/05/2024)
Your
      privacy, and the privacy of all registered users of the Rhymer's Block
      service, and our mobile applications, is important to us. Watt Apps Ltd,
      Labs Hawley Wharf 1 Water Lane, Office 0.31, London, England, NW1 8NZ,
      ("Rhymer's Block" or "we"), maintains it's mobile applications as a
      service to the user community that uses the mobile applications subject to
      these Terms of Service. The term "mobile application" includes all
      services and features available on Rhymer's Block, as well as all services
      and features available through any related mobile application.
      Accordingly, we have adopted the following privacy policy.
This
      policy tells you, among other things, what information we gather from you,
      how we may use or disclose information that identifies you personally and
      our efforts to protect it. Please read this policy carefully, and feel
      free to contact us at feedback@rhymersblock.net if you have any questions
      regarding its contents.
Please
      note: Rhymer's Block provides links to third-party websites. This policy
      does not apply to the websites that you reach through those links. We are
      not responsible for, nor can we control the privacy practices and policies
      of these third party entities. We encourage you to review their policies
      carefully.
Types
      of Information We Collect
In
      connection with your use of our mobile applications, we may collect a
      variety of information from and about you in different ways.
This
      includes:
Information you provide to us such as the
        information you provide when you register to use our service, give us
        your contact information, create a profile on our mobile applications,
        or register to receive newsletters, alerts, or any products or services
        we provide via our mobile applications ("Personal Information").
Private User Submitted Content ("Private
        Content") or Public Content (as such terms defined in our Terms of
        Service) as designated by you.
Information we collect automatically as you
        use our mobile applications, such as your IP address, the referring URL,
        browser type, and information about your usage of the mobile
        applications, whether links to external websites are followed, and
        whether advertisements provided to you are clicked.
If we receive a refund request for an in-app purchase from a user, we reserve the right to provide Apple with information regarding the user's in-app purchase consumption. This includes the following data: time since the install, total app usage time, anonymous account identifier, whether the in-app purchase being refunded was fully consumed, whether the in-app purchase came with a trial period or not, the total amount spent, and the total amount refunded.
Minors
      and Children Under Age 13
Rhymer's
      Block is committed to complying with all aspects of the Children's Online
      Privacy Protection Act ("COPPA"). Rhymer's Block does not knowingly
      collect or solicit Personal Information from anyone under the age of 13 or
      knowingly allow such persons to register. If you are under 13, please do
      not attempt to register on our mobile applications or send any Personal
      Information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone
      number, or email address. No one under age 13 may provide any Personal
      Information to Rhymer's Block. In the event that we learn that we have
      collected personal information from a child under age 13 without
      verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you
      believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13,
      please contact us.
Our
      Use of Your Personal Information
We
      use Personal Information to:
Provide to you and communicate with you
        about the services, content, or products you use or request
Send you notifications regarding new services,
        offers and promotions offered by Rhymer's Block.
Customize the content or advertisements you
        receive when you use our mobile applications, and otherwise improve your
        experience on our mobile applications
Analyze and improve our services, which may
        include tracking traffic, usage, and navigation patterns related to your
        activities on our mobile applications and the links we provide to third
        party sites or advertisements
Secure your account and prevent fraud
Protect our or third party rights or
        interests
Sharing
      Information with Third Parties
We
      may share information that is not Personal Information or Private Content
      and that does not identify you personally about your interests, your use
      of our mobile applications, and the links and ads that you follow, with
      third party content providers or advertisers; if we do so, we will not
      provide them with your name or contact information. We may also share
      aggregated usage data with such parties, and with others.
We
      may share Personal Information (but not Private Content) with our business
      partners in order to provide you the services you use or request, subject
      to commitments by such parties to use your information only for that
      purpose and to protect it from disclosure.
We
      may share Personal Information and Private Content in response to a valid
      law enforcement request or legal process, to protect our rights and
      property or those of third parties, or as otherwise permitted or required
      by law.
We
      may transfer Personal Information and Private Content if we sell some or
      all of our assets to another company in connection with a business merger
      or acquisition. We will require the recipient to notify you in advance of
      any material changes to the way in which information that identifies you
      personally will be used, and to give you the opportunity to opt-out of any
      such materially changed use.
Sharing
      by you
Remember
      that any Public Content that you voluntarily submit by posting to our
      service can be accessed by any other Rhymer's Block user.
You
      have the ability to designate content as Public Content or Private Content
      and the right to change such designation. We will not make any Private
      Content available to any third party except to a third party authorized by
      you to access such information as provided below.
We
      allow you to make the choice to share Private Content you create or store
      on "nonpublic," secure sections of Rhymer's Block (such as your notes)
      with specific third parties of your choosing. You may do this by emailing
      such parties a link that provides them with access to the specific Private
      Content you want to share, or by creating a shared link with that person;
      that link will not provide access to the rest of your Private Content. If
      you use one of the helpful Rhymer's Block features designed to allow you
      to voluntarily forward or share your Private Content with family or
      friends, you automatically limit Rhymer's Block's ability to keep that
      shared information private. We recommend that you do this only with
      trusted friends and family.
Accessing
      Your Personal Information
As
      a Rhymer's Block user, you will have the opportunity to review and modify
      the information stored in your personal account any time you log onto your
      Rhymer's Block account using the username and password listed on the
      account.
Removing / Deleting your Rhymer's Block Account
As
      a Rhymer's Block user, you have the right to control any personal data, including the ability to delete your account entirely. To initiate this process, please reach out to feedback@rhymersblock.net with the subject line "Account Data Control". We will respond as soon as possible to ensure your request is processed. Once your request is confirmed, we will permanently delete your account and all associated data from our systems.
Protecting
      Your Information
We
      take the security of your personal information very seriously, and have
      implemented policies and procedures, including technical measures, that
      are designed to help safeguard it.
Please
      remember that you play a valuable part in security as well. Your password
      to access our mobile applications, which you select at registration,
      should never be shared with anyone and should be changed frequently.
Changes
      to Privacy Policy
It
      may be necessary from time to time for us to modify this policy to reflect
      changes in the way we collect and use information or changes in
      privacy-related laws, regulations, and industry standards. Accordingly, we
      reserve the right to change this policy at any time by posting the revised
      policy on this mobile application. Non-material changes and clarifications
      will take effect immediately, and material changes will take effect within
      30 days of their posting on this mobile application. We encourage you to
      refer to this policy on an ongoing basis so that you understand our
      current privacy policy.