Privacy Policy
GameZen, Inc. ("We") has adopted this Privacy Policy to inform you how we collect, store, use the information collected in connection with our game or application ("Service"). Please note that the scope of this Privacy Policy is limited to only information collected from us through use of the Service.
By using the Service, you are agreeing to the collection and use of your personal information as outlined in this Privacy Policy. We may amend the Privacy Policy from time to time, and we encourage you to consult the Privacy Policy regularly for changes.
Collection of Information
Our primary objective in collecting user information is to provide and enhance the Service and to enable users to easily navigate and enjoy the Service.
Collection from the Service
When you access or use the Service, we may collect the following Personal Data from your device: (1) certain technical information about your mobile device, including mobile device ID (IFDA, Google Advertising ID or other identifiers), IP address, location information (including inferred location based off your IP address), system language, and version of your operating system; and (2) usage statistics about your interactions with the Service, including but not limited to scores, play count, last play date, and messages on message boards in the Service if applicable.
Collection from the other source
We also may receive personal information from other third parties if you sign-up to use the Services via a third party site or platform such as Facebook, Apple Game Center and Google Play Service. In this case, we may receive and use Personal Data you have provided to such third party site or platform and made available via your account privacy settings. In this regard, we may choose to collect the following Personal Data: your name, profile picture, friends list, IP address, Facebook and other unique IDs and email address.
Purchase Data
If you choose to purchase any virtual goods as part of your use of the Services, to the extent available, we or our third-party service providers may collect the following Personal Data from you in order to facilitate your payment for such virtual goods: Purchase history (this does NOT include payment method details or banking information which is collected and processed by a third-party).
Others
In addition to information collected as described above, you may choose to share additional information about yourself throughout the Service, such as in games or on message boards. Any action you perform with other players are considered public, and are your sole discretion.
We also may acquire information from you through your email of a question to our customer support.
Use of Information
We use information collected through the App for the following purposes.
Technical and Usage Information:
To create your Service accounts and allow you to access and use our Service;
To provide and maintain the Service and the user experiences;
To provide news and information about the Service that we think will be of interest to you;
To personalize and improve the Service and provide tailored content and features;
To provide technical and customer support;
To respond to inquiries that you may have about our Service
Information from other source:
To provide and deliver the products and services you request and send you related information; and
To link or combine information we get from others to help understand your needs and provide you with better service.
Share of Information
Other Registered Users:
If you sign-up the Service via a third party site or platform such as Apple Game Center, Google Play Service and Facebook, your information will be disclosed to other users in order to provide certain social in-app features, such as leaderboards, achievements and other social interactions with other users inside the Service.
Advertising Networks:
We share your advertising ID to advertising network companies for the purpose of them serving contextural advertisements to you within the App.
We may use the following advertising network company:
Google Ads :
https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/partner-sites/
Unity Ads :
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
You recognize and agree that the advertising companies who deliver ads for us may combine the information collected with other information they have independently collected from other services or products. These companies collect and use information under their own privacy policies. These ad serving technologies are integrated into Services; if you do not want to be subject to this technology, do not use or access Services.
Others:
In all cases of data access and collection, the personal information you provide will not be disclosed, rented, leased, loaned, sold, or otherwise voluntarily distributed to unaffiliated third parties.
Links
The Service may contain links to other websites. The fact that the Service links to a website or presents a banner ad or other type of advertisement does not mean that we endorses or authorizes that third party, nor is it a representation of our affiliation with that third party. We are in no way responsible for the privacy policies of these other websites to which you chose to access from the Service. Please be sure to read the privacy policies of those websites when exiting the Service.
Disclosure of Your Personal Information
You understand and agree that we may be required to disclose any personal information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to avoid liability, to comply with legal process, including but not limited to a search warrant, subpoena, statute, or court order, or to protect our rights and property, or that of the public. Note that we are not required to question or contest the validity of any search warrant, subpoena or other similar governmental request that we may receive.
Additionally, in the event of a merger, acquisition, reorganization, bankruptcy, or other similar event, customer information may be transferred to our successor or assignee, if permitted by and done in accordance with applicable law.
Changing or Deleting Your Information
You may review, update, correct or delete any personal information by changing the applicable information in your Facebook profile page. If you completely delete all this information, your account may become deactivated. If you would like us to delete your record in our system, please contact us at
support@gamezen.com
. We will need sufficient information from you to establish your identity in order to fulfill your request, and will attempt to accommodate your request if we are not legally obligated to retain the record.
Retention of Your Information
We generally retain your personal information as long as your account is active and for no longer than is necessary for the purpose for which such personal information is processed. Please note, however, that we may retain and use your personal information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, to resolve disputes, and to enforce our agreements and rights, or if it is not technically and reasonably feasible to remove such information from our databases.  Consistent with these requirements, we will endeavor to delete your personal information promptly upon your written request.
Security
We have put in place reasonable technical and organizational measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration or disclosure. However, we cannot guarantee 100% to be secure. We cannot ensure or warrant that unauthorized third parties will never be able to overcome those measures or use your personal information for improper purposes.
Policy Regarding Children
The Service is not geared toward children under the age of 13 and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. If we learn that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information we will delete such information from our files as quickly as possible.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, or if you wish to submit a request to exercise your rights as detailed in this policy, please contact us at:
GameZen, Inc.
#1906, 13, Eonju-ro 30-gil
Gangnam-gu
Seoul 06292, Republic of Korea
privacy@gamezen.com
© Copyright @ GameZen. All Rights Reserved.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy:
Legal Information
Privacy Policy Hub
Privacy Policy Hub
Developer Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs our information practices for our Developer Services, which includes any websites, where a link to this Policy is provided. Developer Services means products and services intended for a party that develops and/or distributes a game or other app made with and/or using Unity Services.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Developer Privacy Policy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Developer Privacy Policy
. They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Customers should understand that Unity does not provide legal advice, therefore the information on this page is not a substitute for seeking your own legal counsel to determine the legal requirements of your business and processes, and how to address them.
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy will provide you with information on how Unity Technologies will collect, use, store, share or otherwise handle your Personal Information that we are responsible for and collect or receive through your use of applications which are owned by third parties but utilize Unity’s technology.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Game Player and App User Privacy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
.They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Unity Educational Products for Schools Privacy Notice
This sets forth Unity’s policies and procedures regarding the Unity software products in schools.
Privacy Supplement Statement for Unity MARS Companion App
This sets forth special privacy terms regarding use of the Unity MARS Companion App.
Unity Data Processing Addendum (“DPA”)
This Data Processing Addendum (this “DPA”) is incorporated into and forms an integral part of the Unity Terms of Service. This agreement determines the rights and obligations of each party when processing personal information.
DPA Amendment for EU, UK, and Swiss SCCs
In 2021, the European Commission and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commission issued new Standard Contractual Clauses ("2021 SCCs"). Additionally, in 2022, the UK Parliament approved the UK International Data Transfer Addendum to the EU SCCs (“UK Addendum”). The 2021 SCCs and UK Addendum replace the Standard Contractual Clauses enacted in 2010 (“2010 SCCs”). This is a pre-signed copy of this document which you may download, execute on your side, and return to DPA@unity3d.com.
Technical and Organisational Measures including Technical and Organisational Measure to ensure the Security of the Data
Technical and Organisational Measures (TOMs) are strategic safeguards designed to protect data security and ensure adherence to data protection regulations. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum.
Sub-Processors
Sub-processors are third-party companies that assist Unity by handling personal data on Unity's behalf. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum
.
GENERATIVE AI SUPPLEMENTAL PRIVACY NOTICE
This notice explains Unity's processing activities with respect to Personal Information collected through users of Generative AI Tools