Globe & Laurel Digital Edition – Terms of Use, Help Information & Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
You may purchase single bi-monthly editions of the Globe & Laurel as published or you can subscribe using the following auto-renewing subscriptions:
– 1 issue/2 months (£2.49)
– 1 year/6 issues (£13.49) £2.25 each
The subscription will include the current issue if you do not already own it, and subsequently published future issues.
Payment will be charged to your iTunes Account at confirmation of your purchase.
Subscription automatically renews unless the auto-renew is turned off at least 24-hours before the end of the current period.
Your account will be charged for the renewal within 24-hours prior to the end of the current period and identify the cost of renewal – 1 issue/2 months £2.49 – 1year/6 issues £13.49
Subscriptions may be managed by the user and auto-renewal may be turned off by going to the user’s Account Settings after purchase.
Any unused portion of a free trial period, if offered, will be forfeited when the user purchases a subscription to that publication, where applicable.
For assistance with the Globe & Laurel App or questions regarding your digital subscription, please contact us using the following email:
bpm@royalsmag.co.uk
For information regarding publication schedules and how to submit articles for publication in future editions, please visit our web page:
https://rma-trmc.org/globe-laurel-2/
Privacy Notice
This privacy policy sets out how the Globe & Laurel Magazine, under The Royal Marines Charity, uses and protects any information that you give the Globe & Laurel Magazine when you use this website.
The Globe & Laurel is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Introduction
Globe & Laurel, under the RMA – The Royal Marines Charity (‘RMA-TRMC’ ‘the charity’) is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. The charity promises to safely process and store your personal data. This document explains in detail the type of personal data we may collect about you when you interact with us and also how we store and handle that data, and keep it safe. We strive to ensure that our paperwork and forms are clear about how we will use the data we collect.
This privacy policy explains how the charity processes your personal information (‘data’). In this policy, “processes” means collects, stores, shares and otherwise uses for lawful purposes. “We” and “our” means TRMC and it covers all the instances where we might process personal information of supporters, beneficiaries and other relevant parties of the charity.
This policy was updated in May 2018 to reflect the new data protection legislation called the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and the Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulation (PECR). The charity may change this policy from time to time and any such changes will be published on our website. Notwithstanding any change to this policy, we will continue to process your personal data in accordance with your rights and our obligations in law.  When you are using the charity website, the charity is the Data Controller.
If you have any questions about this policy or how we use your personal information, please contact us using the contact details given below.
About us
The Globe & Laurel Magazine is a charity registered in England and Wales (1065969) Registered Office: Building 32, Normandy Building, HMS Excellent, Whale Island, Portsmouth, PO2 8ER.
RMA – The Royal Marines Charity (RMA -TRMC) is a charity registered in England and Wales (1134205) and Scotland (SC048185) and is a charitable Company Limited by Guarantee (07142012) registered with Companies House.  Registered Office: Building 72, Commando Training Centre Royal Marines, Lympstone, Exmouth EX8 5AR.
Collection of personal data
Users of the Globe & Laurel App will not have their data collected by the charity, however, if users visit the charity website the following applies:
Organisations are permitted to process data if they have a legal basis for doing so. The charity processes data on the basis that in furtherance of our charitable objects:
We have express and informed consent has been given by the person whose data is being processed; and/or
We have a legitimate interest in processing the data; and/or
It is necessary in relation to a contract or agreement which the person has entered into or because the person has asked for something to be done so they can enter into a contract or agreement; and/or
There is a legal obligation on the charity to process data.
Where the charity is relying solely on consent as the basis for processing data, we are required to obtain your expressed consent and you can modify or withdraw this consent at any time by notifying us in writing, although this may affect the extent to which we are able to provide services to or interact with you in future.
What personal data do we collected?
Users of the Globe & Laurel App will not have their data collected by the charity, however, if users visit the charity website the following applies:
The personal information we collect about you will depend on whether you are supporting us by giving a gift or a donation, asking for assistance as a beneficiary, applying for a job, volunteering vacancy or expressing interest in supporting us. This includes (but is not limited to):
Your name, address, geographical location, military service details, telephone number and email address, date of birth, gender, religion, next of kin, marital status, details of children, health information, other circumstantial information you may give us to support a grant application or transitional support;
Your name, address and contact information relating to a request for newsletters and marketing materials;
Your name, address and contact information relating to invitations and registration for events;
Your name, address, contact details and information relating to your fundraising support;
debit or credit card information, your bank account number, sort code and other banking information, information required to validate your identity and prevent fraud;
your preferences and interests, we may utilise your preferences to ensure we send you the most relevant communication in the future;
other information you provide to us from time to time which is relevant and necessary for us to collect and process
your activity online concerning your visit/s to our website and when we send you an email
information on your family or background, current or former circumstances, specifically so that we can assist you further or benefit from your support;
You, as the data subject, may change your preferences or request deletion of your data at any time by either ‘Unsubscribing’ on our website, emailing to
c.casey@rma-trmc.org
or writing to us, subject to any overriding legal obligation that we may have for its retention. We may keep such data on a ‘suppression list’ so we know not to contact you or process your data in future until further notice.
Profiling
The Globe & Laurel App does not use profiling, however, if users visit the charity website the following applies:
Profiling is an automated process which uses publicly available information to reach conclusions about supporters and then marketing to them accordingly. We will not profile your information in this way.
We do however use profiling and screening techniques to ensure communications are relevant and timely and do provide an improved experience for our supporters.
Profiling allows us to target our resources effectively, which we know will be important to our supporters. We do this because it allows us to understand the background of thepeople who support us, and it helps us to make appropriate requests to supporters who may be able and willing to give more than they already do. Importantly, it enables us to raise more funds, sooner and more cost-effectively than we otherwise would.
When building a profile, we may analyse geographic, demographic and other information relating to you to better understand your interests, preferences and motivation for giving, to contact you with the most relevant communications. In doing this, we may use additional information from third party sources or publicly available sources. This could be, for example, addresses, education history, listed job titles or typical earnings in a given area.
We would never sell your information to a third party.
How do we use your personal information?
The Globe & Laurel App will not use your personal data, however, if users visit the charity website the following applies:
We use your personal information for the following purposes:
to confirm that your donations and ticket purchases have been processed correctly or to validate your Gift Aid claim;
for providing the relevant information to you regarding the work we do to support vulnerable people, fundraising, event or community activities and for invoicing purposes when you donate to us;
to send you administrative notices, relating to our organisation and its activities, where relevant;
for our internal purposes such as management, research, analytics, organisational reporting, and ways that will improve efficiencies;
to check with you that you are content with regards the type of communications that you receive; to market our events, fundraising opportunities, and other ways to get involved with the charity, including occasionally third-party events or activities that may be of interest to you by the appropriate means and in accordance with the GDPR and the PECR.
we may use cookies and other similar technologies on our online channels or platforms to help you have a better experience when you engage with us;
to create anonymous and aggregated reports about our supporters, customers or members to ensure our organisation is communicating with and delivering the best possible services.
to help the emergency services if required;
to prevent and detect criminal activity and fraud;
to comply with applicable laws, regulations, court orders, government and law enforcement agencies’ requests, to operate our systems properly and to protect ourselves, our beneficiaries and our supporters;
Who do we share your personal information with?
We do not sell or share personal details to third parties for the purposes of marketing. However, if users visit the charity website the following applies: If the charity run an event or fundraising activity, it may require the service of a third party and then we might need to share your details with them. This would happen if your data was required to deliver the specific activity, for example we would share your data with an outsourced mailing house provider, for us to send you a fundraising appeal.
If we share your data with colleagues or programme partners, including outside of the European Union, we will only do so if we are confident that they adhere to the same high standards that we do when processing data and protecting its privacy and security. If we share your information with other organisations or data processors we do not allow them to use your information for their own purposes and they have to follow our strict instructions whilst complying with appropriate security measures. We regularly assess their security measures and we continue to monitor their compliance throughout the time we use their services.
We may also share your data with law enforcement agencies, regulators, courts, public authorities or emergency services when required to do so.
Cookies and other similar technologies
We use cookies and similar technologies to collect and store information, which ensures compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation. We also use cookies about how you interact with our website. These can be accepted when first viewing our page. We may use these technologies to help us deliver relevant information about our organisation.
Cookies are small text files placed on your device which uniquely identify your device. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your device.
For more information about cookies we may use and how we may use them, please see our Cookies Policy.
Cookie
Type
Duration
Description
cookielawinfo-checbox-analytics
0
11 months
This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics".
cookielawinfo-checbox-functional
0
11 months
The cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional".
cookielawinfo-checbox-others
0
11 months
This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other.
cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary
0
11 months
This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary".
cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance
0
11 months
This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance".
viewed_cookie_policy
0
11 months
The cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data.
Delete Cookies
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. Once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy notice. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy policy applicable to the website in question.
How long is infomation kept?
The period for which we keep your information depends on the purpose for which your information was collected and the use. We will not keep your personal information for longer than necessary for those purposes or for any other legal requirements. If you would like more details in relation to your personal data, please contact us.
We review all data retention periods every two years. Data collected for accounts purposes are kept for seven years plus an additional period of six months. You can request data relating to donations to be forgotten.
Know your rights
Under GDPR you have the right to:
Be informed about what data we hold on you, why we hold it and how we process it
Have access to the personal data we hold about you, free of charge in most cases
The correction of your personal data when incorrect, out of date or incomplete
Restrict our processing of your data (either through specific channels or all channels)
Request that your data be erased completely (where we are able to do so) from our files
Expect your personal data to be available in a portable electronic format for ease of transfer
Object to us holding and keeping specific types of personal data
Expect adherence to best and transparent practice around automated decision making and profiling
Withdrawing your Consent
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. We will usually inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend to use your data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data or filling out and returning to us a Data Subject Withdrawal of Consent Form. You can also exercise the right at any time by contacting
c.casey@rma-trmc.org
Accessing your data
Under the GDPR, you have a right to know what personal information we hold about you. If you wish to access any information we hold on you, you can complete the Subject Access Request form and return by post to: The Data Controller, The Royal Marines Charity, Building 32, HMS Excellent, Whale Island, Portsmouth, Hampshire, PO2 8ER. Alternatively, you can email the completed form to us at
c.casey@rma-trmc.org
Once we confirm your identity, we will endeavour to respond to your enquiry within 30 days to uphold you ‘Right to Access’.
How we protect your personal information
We maintain the highest standards of data privacy and security to protect your personal details and other information about you because we want you to feel completely confident about the communications you receive from us. We regularly review our processes and procedures to protect your information from unauthorised access and use, accidental loss and/or destruction.
Contacting the Regulator
You also have the right to raise any issues of concern about us regarding data protection and our processing of your information to the data protection regulator, The Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO). Here is a helpful link to their website
https://ico.org.uk/concerns/
Any more questions?
We hope this Privacy Notice has been helpful in setting out the way we handle your personal data and your rights to control it. If you have any more questions on how the charity will handle your personal data, you can view our full Data Protection Policy.