Privacy Policy
This privacy policy will explain what information we collect online, why we collect it, and the choices we offer to you.
This privacy policy ("Policy") describes the data practices of Armor Games Inc. ("Armor Games") and its subsidiaries 
(collectively, the "we", or "Company"), covering its services under its control, including this website, any products,
mobile applications, console or PC applications
(collectively "Services"). By using the Services, you are consenting to this Policy and the processing of your data in
the manner provided in this Policy. If you do not agree with these terms, please do not use the Services. This Privacy
Policy was last updated on
January 9th, 2024
.
Information we collect
We may collect information about the Services you use and how you use them, such as the selections you make on our
Services. We collect PII, DII, and log information about your interactions as described below.
Personally identifiable information (PII) is information that can be used to identify or contact you online or offline,
such as your name, address, email, phone number, photos or audio data, and payment information, or data that is linked
to such identifiers. The Service may collect PII when it is provided to us, such as when you use our Services, attempt
to contact us, submit a resume or job application, or connect with us on social media or one of our partners. For
example, you may see a "Log in with..." button, which means we request PII from a partner to streamline the login the
process. You will likely be presented with a "request for permission" screen by a third party asking to share your ID,
profile picture, and other listed information with us.
We may also create or collect device-identifiable information (DII), such as cookies, unique device and advertising
identifiers, statistical identifiers, usernames, and similar identifiers that are linkable to a browser or device. From
these platforms, we may also receive other information, such as your IP address, user agent, timestamps, precise and
imprecise geolocation, sensor data, apps, fonts, battery life information, and screen size.
Our Services also collect information about your interactions, including navigation paths, search queries, crashes,
timestamps, purchases, clicks and shares, and referral URLs. We may combine this data with PII and DII. For efficiency's
sake, information about your interactions may be transmitted to our servers while you are not using the app. We may also
partner with third parties that collect additional information - please see their privacy policies for more details and
see below for your choices regarding these parties.
Categories of PII We Collect Under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)
We have collected the applicable information from consumers within the past 12 months.
Category Number
Category
Examples
1
Identifiers
Name, alias, address, IP address, online identifier, email address, account name, or similar
2
Personal Information as defined by California Civil Code §1798.80(e)
Any information that can be associated with a particular individual, including name, credit card number, financial information
3
Characteristics of protected classifications under California or Federal law
Age, race, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, marital status, sex, gender identity
4
Commercial Information
Records of personal property, products, or services purchased, or other purchasing histories or consuming tendencies
5
Internet or electronic network activity information
Browsing history, social media data, search history, and information regarding interaction with the website
6
Geolocation data
Physical location or movements
7
Inferences drawn from any information described herein to create a profile about a consumer
Profile reflects consumer reflecting the consumer's preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, preferences, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes
How we use information we collect
We use the information we collect from our Services to provide, maintain, protect and improve our Services, to develop
new Services and offerings, and to protect us and our users.
PII is primarily used for business purposes, such as for sending you occasional newsletters and updates, hiring,
responding to inquiries, logins, and providing Services. When you contact us, we may keep a record of your communication
as well as the other information to help solve any issues you might be facing. We may use your email address to inform
you about our Services, such as letting you know about changes or improvements. Please keep in mind that comments
sections, forums, and other similar areas of our Services are public. Any information posted in those areas is viewable
and usable by anyone that has access. We also use your PII for the following business purposes:
To meet the reason for which the PII was provided.
To provide you with information or services you request from us.
To improve our website and performance of the contents therein.
To resolve disputes.
Preventing potentially fraudulent, prohibited, or illegal activities.
Enforcing the Terms of Service.
Performing other duties as required by law.
We share PII and DII with companies, outside organizations, and individuals for limited reasons and the following
business purposes, outlined below:
With your consent - We will share PII and other data with companies, outside organizations or individuals if we have your consent to do so.
For external processing - We provide PII to our affiliates or other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
For legal reasons - We will share PII with companies, outside organizations or individuals if we have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request, detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues or protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of our users or the public as required or permitted by law.
In case of a sale or asset transfer - If we become involved in a merger, acquisition or other transaction involving the sale of some or all of our assets, user information, including PII collected from you through your use of our Services, could be included in the transferred assets. Should such an event occur, we will use reasonable means to notify you, either through email and/or a prominent notice on the Services.
We may share aggregated information and DII with our partners such as businesses we have a relationship with, advertisers or connected sites. For example, we may share information to show trends about the general use of our services.
With third party developers who use our API to provide you games through our platform.
We disclose your PII for business purposes to the following categories of third-parties:
Our affiliates
Services providers
APIs
Third parties to whom you or your agents authorize use to disclose your PII in connection with the services we provide.
We use DII to operate our Services and manage user sessions, including analyzing usage of our Services, preventing
malicious behavioral and fraud, improving the content, to link your identity across devices and browsers in order to
provide you with a more seamless experience online, and helping third parties provide relevant advertising and related
metrics. We share DII with third parties primarily for advertising and analytics purposes, for external processing, and
for security purposes.
Sharing under the CCPA
In the past 12 months, we have shared the following categories of information:
Category 1: Identifiers
Category 2: Personal Information
Category 5: Internet or Electronic Activity Information
Category 6: Geo Targeted Ads
Category 7: Inferences
Sale of Personal Information
In the past 12 months, we have sold the following categories of information:
Category 1: Identifiers
Category 2: Personal Information
Category 5: Internet or Electronic Activity Information
Category 6: Geo Targeted Ads
Category 7: Inferences
We do not knowingly sell PII of minors under the age of 16 without authorization.
GDPR Classifications
Many types of data we process qualify for multiple legal bases for processing under the General Data Protection
Regulation (GDPR). Below is the primary legal basis for each type of data that we process:
We obtain consent for the processing of data necessary for chatrooms and any optional profile information, such as a
description, gender, or birthday. Where users log in with social media accounts, those companies have obtained consent
on our behalf to use that data as described above. Consent is also obtained to add and engage with friends and other
scenarios as appropriate.
We have a legitimate interest in conducting analytics, measurement of usage and conversions, and game telemetrics to
improve our services. We and our processors have multiple measures in place to minimize the privacy impact.
We have a legitimate interest in storing users' purchase history for the purpose of providing users help in fixing
purchase and payment issues.
We have a legitimate interest in enabling third party ads and data collection on our sites and apps to help provide a
more customized ad experience for our users and site visitors. Our reputable partners provide opt outs and numerous
other privacy measures to minimize the privacy impact of online ads.
We have a legitimate interest in periodic email and direct marketing, to inform registered users of updates and offers.
We make clear disclosures when users sign up and offer opt outs for anyone not interested.
It is contractually necessary to process your username, email, password, cookie data, IP address, game network IDs, game
information (including earned quests and favorite games/game shares), and similar information to fulfill our obligations
in the terms of service to provide you with high quality games and a social game network from ourselves and our
partners.
Third Parties
While we strive to work with reputable companies with good privacy practices, this Policy does not apply to services
offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites that may be displayed to you on the Services. We
also do not control the privacy policies and your privacy settings on third-party sites, including social networks. We
may use third parties to help offer you more tailored ads and better Services, such as obtaining analytics about the
users of our site and to help tailor advertising to your preferences. We also share your data with our game partners to
provide you access to more games. For further information, please see the relevant privacy policies for each third party
and industry codes of conduct.
Additional Advertising Service Providers
When you use our website, we share information that we collect from you, including IP address, information about your browser or operating system, or your email (in hashed form), with our identity partners/service providers, including LiveRamp Inc and Pubmatic, Inc. These companies return an online identification code that we may store in our first-party cookie for our use in online, in-app, and cross-channel advertising and it may be shared with advertising companies to enable interest-based and targeted advertising. To opt out of this use, please visit:
https://optout.liveramp.com/opt_out
https://pubmatic.com/legal/opt-out/
Choice
If you wish to cancel your account, you can do so by accessing our platform or contacting us for assistance with the
process. Our email is included at the end of this privacy policy.
If you are under 18 years of age, reside in California, and have a registered account with us, you have the right to
request removal of unwanted information that you post onto our Services (e.g., comments or a forum) by contacting us at
the email at the end of this privacy policy, stating you reside in California. This does not ensure complete or
comprehensive removal of the posted content.
Like many other companies, we do not honor DNT flags but instead offer other choices with respect to third parties. Many
third parties participate in self-regulation to offer you a choice regarding receiving targeted ads. Please note that
you'll still see generic ads after opting out, but they won't be based on your activities online. On the web, you can
opt out of participating companies by visiting the following sites:
http://optout.networkadvertising.org/
http://optout.aboutads.info/
http://youronlinechoices.eu/
https://server.cpmstar.com/optout.aspx?iso_code=CA
https://cdn.districtm.ca/optout.html
https://platform.xandr.com/privacy-center/opt_out
https://www.viglink.com/opt-out/
If you wish to similarly opt out of cross-app advertising on mobile devices, you can enable the Limit Ad Tracking flag
on the device. Enabling Limit Ad Tracking sends a flag to third parties that you wish to opt out of targeted advertising
on that device, and major mobile platforms require companies to honor this flag. Screenshots on how to find these
options on various devices are available here:
http://www.networkadvertising.org/mobile-choices
. To learn how to opt
out on other devices such as video game consoles, please visit the platform's privacy policies for more information.
Users subject to the GDPR also have the right to access their data, rectify mistakes, erase their data, restrict certain
processing (i.e., opt out), move their data, withdraw consent, and lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
Accessing and updating your information
If you wish to access, update, or delete your PII, please reach out to us at
privacy@armorgames.com
. We may ask you to
verify your identity before we can act on your request. Making a verifiable consumer request does not require that you
create an account with us. You must provide us with sufficient information to verify your identity, however we will only
use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor's identity.
In some cases, we may have to keep that information for legitimate business or legal purposes and therefore will deny
your request to delete the information.
Under the CCPA, you have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about the collection and use
of your PII over the previous 12 months. We may ask you to verify your identity before we can act on your request,
however upon such verification, we will disclose to you:
The categories of PII collected about you.
The categories of sources for the PII we collect about you.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that PII.
The categories of third parties to whom we share that Personal Information.
The specific pieces of Personal Information we collected about you.
If we sold or disclosed your PII for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing
Sales identifying the categories that each category of recipient purchased; and
Disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the categories that each category of recipient obtained.
Non Discrimination under the CCPA
We will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights under the CCPA. To that end, and unless permitted by
law, we will not:
Deny you goods or services;
Charge you different prices for goods or services;
Impose penalties;
Provide you with a different level or quality of goods or services; or
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level of quality of goods or services.
Information security
We work hard to protect our users from unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of
information we hold and undertake reasonable security measures with appropriate confidentiality, integrity, and
availability protections. However, since no software or storage system is 100% secure, we cannot guarantee for the
security of your information associated with the Services, or any other service for that matter. You can help protect
your account information by using unique and hard-to-guess passwords. To provide users access to their progress and
purchases, we retain data for up to 10 years since the date of user's last login.
Children Under 13
We do not knowingly collect information for any child under the age of 13. If you are the parent of a child under the
age of 13 and have a concern regarding your child's information on our Services, please contact us at the email provided
at the end of this Policy.
Changes
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time. We will post any Policy changes on this page, including material
changes. Please check back periodically to view changes to our privacy policy. Our most recent change focuses on updates
for the CCPA.
Questions?
If you have questions or requests regarding our privacy practices, please contact us
at
privacy@armorgames.com
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://platform.xandr.com/privacy-center/opt_out:
This is the Trace Id: 2576db027620337b7758eaf87db7f14a
Privacy at Microsoft
Your data is private at work, at home, and on the go
Our commitment to privacy
We ground our privacy commitments in strong data governance practices, so you can trust that we'll protect the privacy and confidentiality of your data and will only use it in a way that's consistent with the reasons you provided it.
You control your information
We give you the ability to control your data, along with clear and meaningful choices over how your data is used.
Your data is protected
We rigorously protect your data using encryption and other security best practices.
You can expect privacy by design
We design our products with a core commitment to uphold user privacy.
We stand up for your rights
We fight for stronger privacy laws and protections, and will protect your rights if a government request is made for data.
Discover and control your data
Privacy is at the center of how we build the products and services that customers use every day. See privacy resources and controls below where you can manage your data and how it is used.
Visit your privacy dashboard
The privacy dashboard is where you can manage your privacy settings and manage your data for your Microsoft account.
Account check-up
The account check-up wizard is a tool where you can review your account safety settings to strengthen your online security.
Find your privacy controls
Learn how to find your privacy settings and other related information in Microsoft products and services.
Data protection for your business
For enterprise and business customers, IT admins, or anyone using Microsoft products at work, visit the Microsoft Trust Center to get information about privacy and security practices in our products and services.
Microsoft Trust Center
Learn more about privacy at Microsoft
Learn more about Privacy at Microsoft and how we put our privacy principles into practice in the following links and resources.
Privacy Statement
Your privacy is important to us. The privacy statement explains the personal data Microsoft processes, how Microsoft processes it, and for what purposes.
Privacy for Young People
Privacy for young people is a page where young users can learn about and understand Microsoft's privacy practices and how to use our products in a way that protects their privacy. This page also highlights topics that may be helpful for parents and guardians.
Privacy Report
The privacy report includes new developments in privacy at Microsoft. Find the latest information on what personal data we collect, how it may be used, and how you can manage and control your data.
Privacy Frequently Asked Questions
Do you have a question about Microsoft privacy? We explain how customers can export or delete personal data and more in the Privacy FAQs.
Microsoft Corporate Social Responsibility
Learn more about how Microsoft approaches building a more inclusive, equitable, sustainable, and trusted future for everyone, and how technology can and must benefit the future of humanity and our planet.
U.S. State Data Privacy Notice
If you are in the U.S, please see our U.S State Data Privacy Notice.
What's new?
Check out the latest articles, blog posts, and news from Microsoft about protecting your privacy at home and at work.
GDPR and generative AI - a guide for the public sector
This whitepaper offers practical support for public sector organizations as they consider generative AI services such as Copilot for Microsoft 365 and Azure OpenAI Service. Discover how public sector organizations can harness the power of generative AI while complying with their obligations under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
Protecting the data of our commercial and public sector customers in the AI era
Learn more about Microsoft’s commitment to protecting the data of our commercial and public sector customers and how our approach to AI is built on a foundation of privacy across all our AI products and solutions.
Enhancing trust and protecting privacy in the AI era
Discover how Microsoft’s privacy commitments apply to AI and how Microsoft empowers customers to use new AI technologies while advancing trust and protecting privacy.
Microsoft Cloud enables customers to keep personal data within the European Data Boundary
Microsoft’s EU Data Boundary enables customers to store and process their data within the EU. Read about the latest enhancements and new features building on prior progress.
Contact our team
If you have a privacy concern, request or question,
please contact us