What information do we collect?
We collect certain information from your mobile device,
including but not limited to the following:
Location Information
that allows us to periodically
     determine your location, including your location relative to and within
     third party merchant locations.
Device and Usage Information
that may include(
i
)
     information specific to your mobile device (
e.g.,
make, model, operating system, advertising identifier
     and similar information); (ii) information about your use of features,
     functions, or notifications on the device; and (iii) signal strength
     relating to
WiFi
or Bluetooth functionality,
     temperature, battery level, and similar technical data.
We may collect this information even if you are not
logged into the application.
You should be able to
adjust the settings on your iOS mobile device to prevent our collection of
Location Information by disabling the location services feature on your
device.
How We Use the Information We Collect:
Operate and improve our services;
Provide user and other support,
     including to our third-party business partners;
Provide
you with
            information when you enter participating local venues; and
Carry out other purposes that are
     disclosed to you and to which you consent.
To personalize your
     experience
(your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
We will retain your information for as long as the
application is installed on your mobile device or as needed to provide you
service.
If you remove the
application, we will remove your information and use copies of your information
as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and
enforce our agreements.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your
personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal
information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information
is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into
our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those
authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required
to?keep
the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security
numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
Do we use cookies?
We do not use cookies.
Do we share any information to outside
parties?
We share the information we collect with third-party
business partners who commit to comply with applicable laws concerning their
usage of the information.
Our
third-party business partners may share the information with their own third
party business partners and use the information either for themselves or on behalf
of their own business partners to:
Operate and improve their services;
Provide you with advertisements and
     information for products and services in this app or on other apps or
     websites based on variables such as your location, and assess your level of
     engagement with them; and
Carry out other purposes that are
     disclosed to you and to which you consent.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our
website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our web site privacy policy.