Agreement
1. Playing the game you agree with the following:
1.1. You have fully read the Agreement before starting playing.
1.2. Starting playing the game means that you accept all terms of the Agreement without any exceptions or inclusions from your side. Using the game with other conditions are not allowed.
1.3. If you do not agree with the Agreement or do not have the right to accept it you should immediatelly stop using the game.
1.4. The Agreement (including any part of that) can be modified by the administration without any special notification. New edition of the Agreement takes effect from the moment of its publishing on the following URL: http://iphn.tiwar.net/ in case of nothing different is stated by the new edition of the Agreement.
2. Common terms of using the game:
2.1. As users of the game can act only capable persons over 18 years old.
2.2. Using specific features of the game allowed only when user completes registration on the game site, as well as one pays for the services.
2.3. Paid services offered users that contracted with one of operators that provides mobile telecommunication services or with a payment agent (hereinafter - "Operator").
2.4. The list of features, the use of which requires pre-registration of users, and paid services is determined in the sole discretion of the Administration and may vary from time to time.
2.5. Specifying identification data associated with a user account by making a payment, you confirm that you are a user that has registered this account or acting on his behalf and in their interests. Funding the account of a game user is based on data provided by the Operator.
2.6. Some technical, organizational, financial and commercial terms of games, including its functionality and paid services can be made ​​available to users through a separate location on the game site.
3. Administration offers to a registered user the following:
Create on the game site a game character and control that;
Using technical abilities of the game site to exchange game stuff with other users;
Using technical abilities of the game site to send and receive messages to/from othe users;
Post and read messages of other users in game forums.
4. By accepting the Agreement, you represent and warrant that:
4.1. You have all necessary rights and authorized to conclude the Agreement and implement that;
4.2. You will use the game solely for the purposes permitted by this Agreement in compliance with its provisions, as well as the requirements of applicable law and common practice;
4.3. You will not engage in any activities that are in conflict or impede the provision of the game (or impede working related hardware, networks, or software that runs the game);
4.4. Your use of the game for specific purposes does not violate the property and/or the moral rights of third parties, as well as prohibitions and restrictions imposed by applicable law, including without limitation a copyright and related rights, trademarks, service marks and appellations of origin, industrial design rights, rights to use images of people, living or dead, etc. Materials placed by you do not contain information and/or images that offend human dignity, advocating violence, pornography, drugs, racial or ethnic hatred, etc. and you have obtained all necessary approvals from the relevant persons in connection with the use of materials.
5. By accepting the Agreement, you understand and agree that:
5.1. The game is intended for personal, family, household and other non-entrepreneurial activity needs of individuals. Using the game for commercial purposes is prohibited.
5.2. The game is provided "as is", and therefore you do not have any guarantee that the game will meet your needs, services will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free, the results that may be obtained using the game, be accurate and reliable, and the quality of any products, services, information and other content obtained using the game, will meet your expectations, and all errors in the game software will be corrected.
5.3. Since the game is under constant updates and additions of new functionality, form and nature of the services provided may change from time to time without prior notice. The administration has the right at its sole discretion, to terminate (permanently or temporarily) providing services (or any features within the Services) to you or to users generally at, in particular, without your prior notice.
5.4. The site design, its software and support designed for access via the mobile terminal via radio (cellular) services via WAP and/or GPRS. When accessed from other devices and/or other protocols, the game may not work properly.
5.5. Administration is not responsible for the quality and speed of data transmission. All questions on the stability of the connection, configuration, settings, mobile phone and other similar technical problems should be addressed to the Operator.
5.6. The cost of WAP/GPRS-traffic determined by agreement with the Operator. The cost of services should be checked with the Operator. All financial matters related to payment for WAP\GPRS-traffic have to be addressed to the Operator.
5.7. The administration has nothing to do with the materials posted by users on the site (hereinafter - the "Content"), and do not review the content, authenticity and safety of these materials, as well as their compliance with applicable law, and the user has the necessary rights to the volume of their use.
5.8. By using the game you can get content that may contain information considered offensive or obscene, and in violation of applicable law and the rights of third parties.
5.9. All responsibility for the content, and compliance with its requirements of the applicable law takes the person who created this content and/or placed it on the game site.
5.10. The game may contain links to other resources, and the administration is not responsible for the availability of these resources for their content and advertising materials, or for any consequences arising from the use of these resources, their content or advertising.
5.11. You are solely responsible for any breach of your obligations under this Agreement and/or the applicable law, and for the consequences of such violations (including any loss or damage which may be incurred by the owner of the game and other third parties).
5.12. Administration reserves the right to remove any content from the site, or temporarily restrict access to them without explanation.
5.13. In the case of repeated violations of the terms of this Agreement and/or the requirements of the law, the administration reserves the right to terminate user's account fully or in any of its services (blogs, website, file server, etc.).
5.14. In the event of any claims of third parties in respect of any breach of the property and/or the moral rights of third parties, as well as the legislation bans or restrictions, you must fully compensate for losses the Administration.
5.15. The administration eliminated from any liability connected with the violations you have admitted, as well as causing harm or loss under the above circumstances.
5.16. In all circumstances, the responsiblity of the administration is limited to 30 (thirty) USD and is assigned to it in case of fault in its actions.
6. You agree to receive from the site Email- and SMS-messages (hereinafter - "Notifications") of significant events with its information resources in the system, under the following conditions:
6.1. The Administration agrees to use notifications to inform you only about the possibilities of the system and/or about changes in its information resources.
6.2. The Administration undertakes not to accompany notifications advertising messages from third parties.
6.3. The Administration provides the user to adjust the frequency and causes of receipt of the notifications up to a complete refusal to receive notifications.
7. From the moment of the registration user agrees to automatic processing, use and dissemination of his personal data.
8. Other terms and conditions:
8.1. To the Agreement and the relationship of the parties applies the law of the Russian Federation.
8.2. All disputes under this Agreement and in connection therewith shall be considered by the Russian courts, in accordance with the general rules of jurisdiction.
8.3. Recognition by the court of any provision of this Agreement is held invalid or enforceable does not entail invalidation of other provisions of the Agreement.
8.4. The present document provides the entire agreement between the parties from the moment of acceptance by you in accordance with Article 1 of the Agreement and supersedes any prior or implied agreements.
Back
Quit game
Support and Information
0.004 sec,
09:10:24 | Online: 273
Overmobile © 2025, 18+