Handy GPS Privacy Policy (Android)
Last updated Dec 2022
At Binary Earth, we take your privacy very seriously and do not pass your location or other data on to other companies or to third parties.
Handy GPS does not transmit any of your location or other data from your device, except for approximate location data used for advertising in the "lite" version of the app, when you explicitly choose to send your location to a friend by sending them an email or SMS from within the app, or when you have the web based tracking feature enabled.
When web based tracking is active, an asterix (*) is shown in the app title bar. Only people with whom you have shared your personalized URL will be able to see your location.
Handy GPS uses background location so that it can reliably record a tracklog for your walk even when the phone screen is off or when Handy GPS is not the current foreground app. When Handy GPS is active, and is recording your location, the Handy GPS (walker) icon will be shown in the notification area at the top of your phone.
Handy GPS also requests permission to access the camera and microphone on your device so that photos and voice memos can be recorded from within the app and stored with your sessions.
Links to this privacy information are available on the Google Play store listing, and also from the "About" dialog in the app itself.
Other platforms
iOS privacy policy
Windows Mobile privacy policy
www.binaryearth.net/HandyGPS
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.binaryearth.net/HandyGPS/privacy_iOS.html:
Handy GPS Privacy Policy (iOS)
Last updated Jan 2020
Handy GPS does not transmit any of your location or other data from your device except when you explicitly choose to send your location to a friend by sending them an email or SMS from within the app.
www.binaryearth.net/HandyGPS
Sub-policy 1
https://www.binaryearth.net/HandyGPS/privacy_WindowsMobile.html:
Handy GPS Privacy Policy (Windows Mobile)
Last updated Jan 2020
Handy GPS does not transmit any of your location or other data from your device, except in the following circumstances:
When you explicitly choose to send your location to a friend by sending them an email or SMS from within the app.
When you upload data to your OneDrive.
www.binaryearth.net/HandyGPS