Privacy Policy
The app takes your privacy very seriously and we work hard to earn and keep your trust. This Privacy Policy applies to data collected by us through our app and services. It applies to all sites, services and products that display or link to this statement.
WHAT THIS PRIVACY POLICY COVERS
This Privacy Policy covers how the app treats personal information that we collect and receive, including information related to your past use of our websites, products and services. This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that we does not own or control or to people that we do not employ or manage.
INFORMATION COLLECTION
Cookies Like most websites, we uses cookies and web log files to track site usage. A cookie is a tiny data file which resides on your computer and allows us to recognize you as a user when you return to our website using the same computer and web browser. Cookie and log file data are used to customize your experience on our site. A "session" cookie is used to identify a particular visit to our website. Session cookies expire after a short time or when you close your web browser. When you visit our website we automatically receive the URL of the site from which you came and the site to which you are going when you leave. We also receive the Internet protocol (IP) address of your computer (or the proxy server you use to access the World Wide Web), your computer operating system and type of web browser you are using, as well as the name of your ISP. This information is used to analyze overall trends to help us improve our service. The linkage between your IP address and your personally identifiable information is never shared with third parties without your permission or except when required by law.
Third party ad networks
We may allow other companies, called third party ad servers or ad networks, to display advertisements on our web pages. Some of these ad networks may place a persistent cookie on your computer in order to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement. In this way, ad networks may compile information about where you, or others who are using your computer, saw their advertisements and determine which ads are clicked on. This information allows an ad network to deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. We do not have access to the cookies that may be placed by the third party ad servers or ad networks. We do NOT use personally identifiable information to target ads. However, by interacting with or viewing an ad you are consenting to the possibility that the advertiser will make the assumption that you meet the targeting criteria used to display the ad. Those ad networks that use persistent cookies may offer you a way to opt out of ad targeting. You may find more information at the website of the individual ad network. If you opt-out you will lose the potential benefit of receiving ads that are more targeted to your interests.