Features
Blog
Support
Privacy first from the ground up
Privacy
Home
About
Privacy
This policy applies to all information collected or submitted on ETA’s website and our apps for iPhone and any other devices and platforms.
Information we collect
You do not require an account to use ETA.
You may optionally subscribe to our email list, adding your email to the subscribe form on our website or within the app. You may optionally email us for support. If you subscribed to our email list we will only communicate with you news about ETA and similar apps that we build and release. If you reach out to us for support we will respond to the address included in your reply. We don’t send unsolicited promotional emails nor do we provide your email to other companies.
Our customer support software retains emails of support requests for the sole purpose to help with future conversations. At any point if you'd like us to remove conversation transcripts simply email us
hello@whatsmyeta.com
.
Technical basics
If you enable notifications, we must store a token to send them. We never use notifications for marketing.
Our push notification software may also store basic technical information, such as your IP address, in temporary memory or logs.
iCloud
ETA stores some of your data in Apple’s iCloud service, such as locations that you save, to enable sync features between all devices signed into your Apple ID.
Analytics
ETA’s app uses Apple's own analytics service to collects aggregate, anonymous statistics, such as the percentage of users who use particular features, to improve the app.
ETA's website uses anonymous analytics to inform of popular content and where our visitors originate to help inform our marketing activities.
Information usage
We use the information we collect to operate and improve our website, apps, and customer support.
We do not share personal information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to accomplish ETA’s functionality.
We may disclose your information in response to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal requirements; to exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims; to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud or abuse, violations of our policies; or to protect our rights and property.
In the future, we may sell to, buy, merge with, or partner with other businesses. In such transactions, user information may be among the transferred assets.
Security
We implement a variety of security measures to help keep your information secure.
Accessing, changing, or deleting information
To remove your data from ETA simply delete your locations from the ETA app and then delete the ETA app itself (across iOS and watchOS). To remove conversation transcripts with our support team simply email us
hello@whatsmyeta.com
and we'll happily fulfil your request.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We comply with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
Information for European Union Customers
By using ETA and providing your information, you authorize us to collect, use, and store your information outside of the European Union.
International Transfers of Information
Information may be processed, stored, and used outside of the country in which you are located. Data privacy laws vary across jurisdictions, and different laws may be applicable to your data depending on where it is processed, stored, or used.
Your Consent
By using our site or apps, you consent to our privacy policy.
Contacting Us
If you have questions regarding this privacy policy, you may email
hello@whatsmyeta.co
.
Changes to this policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. Summary of changes so far:
March 2, 2021: First published.
See also
History
An App Store veteran since 2014
Team
Independent team from Melbourne, Australia
Press
For the press, from the press
Join our
mailing list
Latest news, tips, beta access & more. Never spam.
Subscribe Now