English
Privacy Policy
SailingerApp Game (hereinafter referred to as "we") respects and protects the privacy rights of all users of its services. When you use our services, we may collect and use your related information. However, we will treat this information with the highest degree of prudence in respects to your security and privacy.
This privacy policy is closely related to the services you use. Once you install, use, register, or otherwise access our services, it means that you have accepted this policy, and on the basis of your informed consent, you explicitly agree with the policies outlined below and agree to disclose your personal information.
If you have any questions or complaints about this policy or related matters, feel free to contact us via
sailingerapp@gmail.com
1.Scope of Application
2.Information Usage
3.Information Disclosure
4.Information Storage
5.Information Security
6.Information Protection for Minors
7.Revisions
1.Scope of Application
a) We automatically receive and record the information from your browser, computer,  tablet computer and mobile phone, including but not limited to your IP address Address location information, browser type, default language, date and time of visit, communication account, communication time, hardware and software information for web page records and other data are automatically collected and recorded, when you use our web services, visit our web page, or play our games.
b) The name, personal nickname, ID number, mobile phone number, QQ number, WeChat, personal profile, Facebook, Google, other social media account information, and shared photos that you provided or uploaded when registering your account.
c) Your home address, personal interests, hobbies, and other personal privacy that you may provide when using the services provided by SailingerApp Game.
d)User data we obtain from our business partners through legal channels.
2.Information Usage
a) We will not provide, sell, rent, share, or trade your personal information to any unrelated third party unless SailingerApp Game has obtained your prior permission, or the third party and us (including our affiliates) provide services to you individually or jointly. Upon the service’s conclusion, third parties are forbidden from accessing any further data.
b) We also do not allow any third party to collect, edit, sell, or distribute your personal information by any means. If any of our platform users engage in the above activities, we have the right to terminate the service agreement with the user immediately upon discovery.
c) We use your information for identity authentication, security precautions, anti-fraud detection, customer security services, archive backups, business analytics, and more.
d) For the purpose of better serving our users, we may use your personal information to provide you with information of interest to you, including but not limited to providing personalized needs, sending new product and service offers, advertising, inviting you to participate in our service surveys , or  via sharing information with our partners so they can send you information about their products and services ( Note: Sharing your information with partners requires your prior consent).
3.Information Disclosure
In the following circumstances, we will disclose your personal information in whole or in part based on your personal wishes or the provisions of the law:
a) Disclosure to a third party with your prior consent.
b) The sharing of your personal information with third parties in order to provide the products and services you request.
c) Disclosure to a third party or an administrative or judicial body in accordance with the relevant provisions of the law or the requirements of administrative or judicial bodies.
d) If you have violated China's relevant laws, regulations, SailingerApp Game’s Terms of Services or related rules, you are required to disclose to third parties.
e) If you are a competent IPR complainant and have filed a complaint, you should be asked by the complainant to disclose it to the respondent so that parties involved can handle possible rights disputes.
f) In a transaction created on our platform via mergers, acquisitions, and asset transfers or other cooperation. If any party fulfills or partially fulfills its transaction obligations and submits requests for information disclosure, we have the right to decide to provide the user with necessary information such as the contact details of its counterparty to facilitate the completion of the transaction or the settlement of disputes.
g) Others suitable disclosures we consider are based on relevant laws, regulations, or policies.
4. Information Storage
We will abide by the laws and regulations to store your personal information on a secure server, database, or device of a higher security system. We will provide appropriate security for your information to prevent it from being lost, illegally obtained, used, disclosed, or accessed in any unauthorized way.
5. Information Security
a) We strive provide all accounts with security protection and keep your username, password, and personal information safe. We will ensure that your information is not lost, misused, or altered through security measures such as encrypting user passwords. Despite the aforementioned security measures, you are also reminded that there are no "perfect security measures" on the internet.
b) When using our online services for online transactions, you will inevitably disclose your personal information to the counterparty or potential counterparties, via contact details, postal addresses, or the payment information you provide. Please protect your personal information and provide it to others only when necessary. If you find that your personal information is leaked, especially if our username and password leaked, please contact our customer service immediately so that we can take appropriate measures.
6.Information Protection for Minors
a) We attach great importance to the protection of minor’s information, safety, and privacy. If you are a minor under the age of 18, you should obtain prior consent from a parent or legal guardian before using our services.
7.Revisions
We may revise this Privacy Policy in due course, but we will publish it prominently on our website. In such cases, if you continue to use our services, you will be considered as you agree to be bound by any revised Privacy Policy.