Logo-123Reg-Contrast
picostate.co.uk
is parked free, courtesy of 123 Reg.
Get This Domain
If you own this domain name and would like to get your own website up and running, then why not
visit 123 Reg
and check out our range of affordable products, which includes Website Builder, Web Hosting and more!
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.123-reg.co.uk/terms/park-pages-privacy-policy/:
Privacy policy
1. Acknowledgement and Acceptance of Terms
123 Reg cares about your privacy. For this reason, this policy outlines your rights and the information collected when you interact with this website. By accessing this website, you acknowledge and freely consent to the information collection and use practices described below.
2. Our Use of Google AdSense for Domains
This domain parking page utilizes Google AdSense for Domains (“AFD”), an online service that allows for the placement of advertising links on third-party websites. AFD uses an algorithm that chooses targeted advertisements based on the domain name requested, keywords, and other assorted page elements, collectively referred to as “AFD results,” to serve ads relevant to you.
AFD uses cookies, placed in your internet browser. Each time you land on a parked domain page hosted by us, the client browser on which AFD has been implemented, the information contained within the cookie is transmitted to Google, Inc. for the purpose of presenting online advertising. Part of this process includes the transmission of the user’s Internet Protocol (IP) address. Data collected on this website is hashed or encrypted, which means that it does not directly identify you.
You can prevent the placement of AFD cookies by utilizing tools in your internet browser, or by utilizing 3rd-party ad-blocking software.
Cookie settings in Internet Explorer
Cookie settings in Microsoft Edge
Cookie settings in Firefox
Cookie settings in Chrome
Cookie settings in Safari
Additionally, you may choose to permanently disable the placement of AFD cookies by installing the
IBA Opt-Out extension
, provided by Google.
For additional information on the purpose and scope of data collection and processing as it relates to AFD, please contact Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountainview, CA 94043, USA; or you may review Google’s
Privacy Policy for Partner Sites.
3. Links to 3rd Party Websites
Google AFD presents links to third-party websites. If you click one of the advertising links, your interaction with the resulting website is subject to the third-party’s data protection and policies, and the owner of this website is neither a data controller nor a processor for that activity. We urge you to review each website’s privacy policy to better understand your rights.
4. Data Subject Rights
The European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), along with other national and state data protection laws, provide certain rights that can be asserted by data subjects, at any time, without charge. These rights include:
Right to Access
Right to rectification and erasure (“Right to be Forgotten”)
Right to restriction of processing
Right to data portability
Right to object to processing
If you wish to exercise your privacy rights or have questions about this policy, you may contact our Office of the Data Protection Officer by email at
privacy@123-reg.co.uk
. We will respond to all requests, inquiries or concerns within thirty (30) days. If you are not satisfied with our response, you may direct privacy complaints to your local data protection authority