Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how Zia U. uses and protects any information that you give Zia U. when you use the Facebook feature in the app. Zia U. is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this game, you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. Zia U. may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 17th of May, 2014.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
name
contact information including email address
Facebook user information
demographic information such as location, preferences and interests
other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email or through Facebook. We may use the information to customize the game according to your interests.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
- If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by emailing us at
ziau.aram@gmail.com
with identifying information and we will remove you from our email list.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties, except in delivery of this game, unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please email us at
ziau.aram@gmail.com
. If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please email us as soon as possible. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.