Little Details LLC (“the Company”) has established this privacy policy to explain to you how your information is protected, collected and used, which may be updated by the Company from time to time. The Company will provide notice of materially significant changes to this privacy policy by posting notice on the Patchmania® website.
This Privacy Policy covers the use of the website located at
www.getpatchmania.com
, the Patchmania® mobile applications, and the related services provided by the Company, including how it treats personal information that the Company collects and receives.
Summary
We don't ask you for personal information unless we truly need it.
We don't share your personal information with anyone except to comply with the law, develop our products, or protect our rights.
Only the minimum amount of information reasonably necessary to provide you with services is collected and maintained, and only for so long as reasonably needed or required.
Protecting Your Privacy
When you enter sensitive information the Company encrypts that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). The Company follows generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once the Company receives it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, while the Company strives to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, the Company cannot guarantee its absolute security.
The Company will not sell or disclose your name or email address to third parties without your explicit consent, except as specified in this privacy policy.
The Company does not store credit card information.
The Patchmania® mobile applications do not collect or transmit your location.
Data We Collect
Your name and email whenever you send an email to us. This information is stored on servers operated by FastMail Pty Ltd, which acts as our Data Processor.
The Company automatically receives and records information in our server logs from your browser, including your IP address, cookies, and the pages you request. This information is stored on servers operated by Google Inc, which acts as our Data Processor.
Through the use of our mobile applications, the Company automatically receives and records usage information and stores this information on servers operated by Google Inc, which acts as our Data Processor. This data includes the model of any mobile device used to access the service, and the version number of the software on your mobile device. This data is only used in the aggregate.
In the event of a crash in one of our mobile applications, anonymous crash data is automatically sent to Fabric (a wholly-owned subsidiary of Google Inc., which acts as our Data Processor). This data is used only for the purposes of bug analysis, and to improve the Patchmania® mobile applications for our customers.
Our web logs and app usage information records are stored for at most 14 months, after which any personally identifiable information (such as IP addresses) is removed from them, and only aggregate anonymized data remains. Email communications from customers are stored indefinitely with our email service provider, FastMail Pty Ltd, unless a customer contacts us to request deletion of previous email communications with them, in which case we will happily comply.
What We Do With Personal Information
Emails.
We use the personal information you provide to us when you send us emails (such as your name and email address) only in order to respond to your request — for example, to provide technical support on our products via email. This information is not used for any other purpose, or beyond the context of the original email conversation, and is not added to any mailing lists or shared with any third parties.
Website Visitors.
Like most website operators, the Company collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. The Company's purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how the Company's visitors use its websites. From time to time, the Company may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Aggregated Statistics.
The Company may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites and users of its apps. For instance, the Company may monitor the most popular game levels or the usage of puzzle hints. The Company may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, the Company does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
The Company discloses potentially personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on the Company's behalf or to provide services available at the Company's websites and in our apps, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. The Company will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, the Company discloses potentially personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when the Company believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of the Company, third parties or the public at large.
If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us support other users (e.g. via a help article or FAQ). In such cases, any personally-identifying information would be removed from the published communications. The Company takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's Internet-connected device, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. The Company uses cookies to help the company identify and track visitors, their usage of the Company's websites, and their website access preferences. Visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using the Company's websites, with the drawback that certain features of the Company's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Children
The Company's products are not directed at children under the age of 13. Consistent with the federal Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA), we will never knowingly request personal information from anyone under the age of 13 without requiring parental consent. Our Terms of Use specifically prohibit anyone using our products from submitting any personally identifiable information about persons under 13 years of age. Any person who provides their personal information to the Company represents that they are 13 years of age or older.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites or in our apps may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by the Company and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Business Transfers
If the Company, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the event that the Company goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of the Company may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Special Note to International Users
The Company's websites and apps are primarily hosted in the United States. If you are accessing our services from the European Union, Asia, or any other region with laws or regulations governing personal data collection, use and disclosure that differ from United States laws, please note that you are transferring your personal data to the United States which does not have the same data protection laws as the EU and other regions. By providing your personal data you consent to:
the use of your personal data for the uses identified above in accordance with the Privacy Policy; and
the transfer of your personal data to the United States as indicated above.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, the Company may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in the Company's sole discretion. The Company encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site and any other Little Details LLC products after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Questions
If you have questions or suggestions, you can contact our support team at
support@getpatchmania.com
, or write to:
Patchmania Support – Privacy Policy
P.O. Box 43532
Montclair, NJ 07043
©
2025
Patchmania.
Little Details LLC.
All Rights Reserved.