To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.
The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.
The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.
The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.
Manage options
Manage services
Manage {vendor_count} vendors
Read more about these purposes
Accept
Deny
View preferences
Save preferences
View preferences
{title}
{title}
Manage consent
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.georacing.com/privacy-policy:
To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.
The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.
The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.
The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.
Manage options
Manage services
Manage {vendor_count} vendors
Read more about these purposes
Accept
Deny
View preferences
Save preferences
View preferences
{title}
{title}
PRIVACY POLICY
GENERAL
GEORACING is a trademark of TRIMARAN. We take your privacy seriously and are fully committed to managing the information we collect from you in a secure and responsible manner.
We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This document sets out the basis on which any personal information we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us.
1. INFORMATION COLLECTED AND USE
You can give us information about yourself by:
– Giving us your business card at a meeting, trade show or other venue.
– Filling out the contact form accessible on our website.
– Requesting information by email, phone or via social networks.
We may collect information about you by:
– Finding it on any publicity available medium (internet, press, etc.)
– Acquiring a database in which you would be included.
– Receiving one from our partners.
– When you log into an application (or website) developed by Trimaran (GEORACING).
This information concerns only your professional identity, i.e., your surname/ first name/ company/ position / email and possibly your professional phone number.
2.
PURPOSE OF USE OF YOUR DATA
We may use your personal data to:
– Communicate with you (by emails…)
– Offer you products and services adapted to your needs
– Improve our products and services
– Conduct our commercial operations
– Conduct our marketing campaigns
– Comply with legal obligations
– Send to third parties exclusively for the purposes of spot checks, hosting, or IT maintenance.
3.
SHARING YOUR DATA WITH THIRD PARTIES
We may share your data with other companies in the Trimaran group in strict accordance with this policy. Access to the personal data collected is strictly limited to the persons in charge of processing the information. Subcontractors and service providers must comply with a confidentiality obligation and may only use the data in accordance with the contractual provisions and applicable legislation.
Except for the above-mentioned cases and unless required by law, we do not share your personal data with any third party, natural or legal person, without your consent.
4.
TRANSFER OF YOUR INFORMATION OUTSIDE OF FRANCE
In case we need to transfer your data outside of France, the European Union or to a country with a sufficient level of data protection, we will ensure that they benefit from a level of protection at least similar to the legal provisions in force in France.
5. STORAGE OF DATA
Your personal data will be retained for as long as necessary for the purposes for which they were collected. This includes the retention of certain personal data after the end of our relationship with you, in particular to comply with our legal obligations…The duration of the retention of your data may however be modified if you exercise your right to delete your data beforehand, under the conditions described below.
6.
SECURING YOUR INFORMATION
We regularly review the technical and organizational security measures we implement on our information and communication systems to prevent the loss, theft, misuse, or unauthorized modification of your personal information.
7.
DATA PROTECTION OFFICER
For any question concerning the Data Protection Policy, please make your request to the Company’s HQ or via the contact form https://www.georacing.com/contact/ or by e-mail to the address:
dataprotection@trimaran.com
You also have the right to contact the “Commission Nationale de l’Informatique et des libertés” (more information on www.cnil.fr) or the right to submit a complaint regarding the use of your personal data.
8.
YOUR DATA PROTECTION RIGHTS
You may exercise any of your rights with respect to the protection of your data:
– Right to access: You have the right to receive a copy of your data held by us.
– Right to delete and correct: You may also request the erasure of your data and the correction of any errors or outdated information. If required by law or if we have a legitimate reason to do so, we may retain certain information.
– Right of objection: You also have the right to object at any time to the processing of your personal data for marketing purposes or to the processing carried out.
– Right to limitation: You have the right to request the suspension of the processing of your data in certain cases covered by the regulations.
– Right to portability: You have the right to portability of your data, i.e. the right to receive the data we hold in a structured, commonly used and readable format and the right to transmit these data to another data controller.
– Right to be forgotten: You have the right to define directives concerning the fate of your personal data after your death.
You can exercise your rights by sending a written request, accompanied by a valid proof of identity including the signature of the holder, to the Company’s HQ or by e-mail to the address: dataprotection@trimaran.com . All requests must be clear, precise, and justified.
9.
USE OF COOKIES
GEORACING website uses cookies to process statistics and information on site traffic, to facilitate navigation and to improve the service of your convenience. You may refuse to accept these cookies by configuring your web browser.
10. MODIFICATIONS OF
OUR PRIVACY POLICY
We may change this privacy policy from time to time. When necessary, we will notify you and/or ask for your consent. You should periodically check this page for any changes or updates to our privacy policy.
11. CONTACT
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or if you have any requests concerning your personal data, you can contact us by:
– sending an email to our Data Protection Officer at dataprotection@trimaran.com
– sending a letter to the following address TRIMARAN – For the attention of the Data Protection Officer – 70, Rue Jean Bleuzen, 92710 Vanves – France
Version updated on 1st of January, 2023 – GEORACING, a trademark of TRIMARAN.
Manage consent