for using Kulemba’s Apps, User Accounts, and Websites
Effective as of 01 July 20
20
At Kulemba GmbH we are committed to ensuring and protecting your privacy at any time you are using our apps, websites, or registered via your
email or Facebook account on our communication platform “Kulemba Hub” (in the following “platform” or “Kulemba Hub”) which is part of our apps and websites.
We process personal data exclusively in compliance with the statutory provisions of the European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), the national data protection regulations based thereon, and the Austrian Telecommunications Act (TKG).
In this privacy policy, we therefore inform you about the most important aspects of data processing in connection with the use of our apps or in the case of your visit to our websites. We provide you with a detailed overview of how we use your information that you provide us with or that we lawfully obtain in accordance with the conditions set out herein.
1. What personal data do we collect from you?
Data can be collected and processed when our platform (Kulemba Hub), apps, or website is used by you. The following are approved methods of collection:
Email addresses:
If you sign up via your email account we collect the email address and the user name information provided.
Facebook account information:
If you sign up via your Facebook account we can collect the information you make available during your signup. Facebook will always show you which information we may access.
User-generated content:
If you use our apps or websites to create content we collect and process all content created by you. For example: photos, lists, bookmarks, saved places, ratings, reviews, notes, … generated by you.
Mobile app usage logs:
If you use our apps collect app usage data. Including in app or user behavior data, crash data. Actions done in the app like map searches, poi searches, and any other searches, taps on buttons, usage of app features, date and time of the usage, timezone, phone and operating system information, language settings of your phone, as well approximate location data deferred from your IP.
Website usage logs:
If you use our apps or websites we collect server logs. Including website user behavior data. Actions done on our websites like searches, general behaviour, clicks on buttons or links, date and time of the request, timezone, access state, HTTP(S) status code, browser settings and browser info, operating system information, browser language settings, approximate location data deferred from your IP, referrer website information, web search information.
Server logs:
If you use our apps or websites we collect server logs. Including date and time of the request, request transaction time, data transferred, access state, HTTP(S) status code.
Precise location information:
If you consent then we collect, share, and process precise location information, also through third party software components (mobile “SDKs”).
Device identifiers and IP addresses:
If you use our apps we collect your mobile device identifier (such as the iOS UDID or Android Advertising ID) and ip address, if you use our websites we collect your IP address.
2.
Legal basis and purpose of data processing
Your data will be stored and processed solely for the purpose of offering our platform, our apps and related services to you and to offer and improve our websites.
Contract fulfillment: The processing of your
email addresses
, your
Facebook account data
, or the
user-generated content
provided by you is required to fulfill the contract (article 6 (1) (b) GDPR): We collect your data for processing, if you voluntarily decide to enter this data. Your data will therefore be processed if you enter it in our apps or websites, e.g. because you use one of our apps and create content (photos, lists, bookmarks, saved places, ratings, reviews, notes etc). In this case, your created data will be processed solely for the purpose of carrying out the respective service and are therefore necessary for the fulfillment of the App Usage Agreement.
Legitimate interest: We have legitimate interest in the processing of
mobile app
and
website usage logs
,
server logs
,
device identifiers and IP addresses
(article 6 (1) (f) GDPR). We use this data for the proper operation of our apps, platform and websites, in particular to detect and eliminate errors. Our legitimate interest within the meaning of the GDPR is also the security and optimization of our services and websites. In this case, we also provide data for statistical and analytical purposes, as well as for the optimization of interest-based advertising to third parties in order to improve our services and products (see Annex).
Ultimately, we have legitimate interest in processing
email addresses, Facebook account data, user-generated content, mobile app logs
and
website usage logs
and for direct marketing purposes. Only data that you voluntarily make available to us and that we dispose of from the contractual relationship are processed. The primary goal of this data processing is customer retention and customer acquisition. We may use this information to notify you about updates, notifications about our apps, products or services that may be of interest to you. We may use your information to recommend services, products, or offers related to travel on our platform, within our apps or websites. Furthermore, we will send your contact details (email address) to selected external service providers, as these provide email and message service services in connection with direct mail advertising purposes (see Appendix).
Explicit consent: If you explicitly consent in our apps, we process precise location data also with the help of third-party software components (mobile “SDKs”), we may use precise location data by itself, aggregated, or combined with mobile identifiers (such as IDFAs and Android IDs), and share location data with third parties, for purposes related to advertising, attribution (e.g., measuring ad performance) analytics and research including research to benefit non-profit causes (siehe Appendix). We will ask for your explicit consent before using or sharing location informations. You are not required to consent and you can withdraw it at any time (see section 3).
3.  Opt out
Interest based advertising:
You can opt out from any interest-based advertising any time. On iOS: Go to the settings of your device, then to Privacy, Advertising and then tap on “Limit Ad-tracking”. On Android: Go to Google Settings, then Ads, and then tap on “Opt out of interest-based ads”. When you have opted out using this setting on a device,  advertisers will not use in-app information collected from that device to infer your interests or serve ads to that device that are targeted based on your inferred interests. Certain app services may lose functionality as a result.
Mobile app usage tracking:
You can opt out from Kulemba tracking your app usage by setting the “Usage tracking” switch to off in the app’s “settings screen”. The app’s “settings screen” can be found in the app by opening the profile screen (on iOS) or opening the drawer (on Android).
Precise location information collection:
You can switch off access to location information for the app at any time in the settings screen of your device. Certain app services may lose functionality as a result. You can switch off upload of precise location data to our and partner servers at any time by setting the “Location tracking” switch to off in the app’s “settings screen”. The app’s “settings screen” can be found in the app by opening the profile screen (on iOS) or opening the drawer (on Android).
Push message:
You can switch off push messages from for the app at any time in the settings screen of your device. Certain app services may lose functionality as a result.
Email:
You can opt out from receiving emails from Kulemba at any time by clicking on “unsubscribe” in the footer of any email. Certain app services may lose functionality as a result.
Delete your profile:
You can delete your user profile at any time by opening your Profile screen. Then clicking on your profile and then clicking on “Delete Profile”. Attention: If you delete your profile all your profile data, including saved places and lists will be lost and certain app services may lose functionality as a result.
4.
Storing and processing your personal data / data protection
We process personal information on our servers in many countries around the world. We may process your personal information on a server located outside the country where you live or outside the European Union if you live in the European Union. We take all reasonable processes to ensure your data is secure and in agreement with our Privacy Policy as outlined here.
We use secured servers to ensure proper data storage. All communication containing personal information is kept encrypted for safety measures.
Transmission of data on the Internet can never be ultimately secure. We do not and cannot guarantee security of information collected electronically or transmitted; however, we take all necessary steps to provide the best security available. As a result of our inability to guarantee safety, you are submitting information to us at your own risk. Where needed a password may be necessary to access areas of our apps or website. You are responsible for the safety and confidentiality of the password you generate.
5.
Disclosing your information
In addition to the cases mentioned in section 2, your data may be passed on to third parties under the following conditions:
This disclosure occurs when we sell all or a section of our business or assets to a third party.
Personal information can be offered to any member of our company, such as subsidiaries, holding companies and their subsidiaries only if deemed appropriate.
Legal requirements may mean a sharing of your information.
6.
Third party links
Any third party web site or app that can be accessed through our platform, our apps or our web pages generally has an own privacy policy. We recommend that you check the conditions defined there. Our privacy policy therefore does not apply to websites or apps that are accessible via hyperlink on our platform (Kulemba Hub), in our apps or on our websites. The content of the linked pages or apps are the sole responsibility of their operators. We expressly exclude any liability and responsibility for the handling of third parties with your data. We point out that third-party websites or apps are beyond our control, we have no control over their data and data processing activities, nor are we aware of the scope of the data collection, the purposes and the retention periods.
8. Contact Informations and Rights
You have a right to information about the personal data that we process (Article 15 of the GDPR), the right to rectification (Article 16 of the GDPR), Deletion (Article 17 GDPR) and the restriction of personal data processing (Article 18 GDPR).
In this case, please contact Kulemba GmbH, Mariahilferstraße 93/20 1060 Vienna, Austria, or send an email to help@kulemba.com .
Furthermore, you have a right to appeal to the
Austrian Data Protection Authority,
Wickenburggasse 8-10, 1080 Vienna,
phone: +43 1 52 152-0,
email: dsb@dsb.gv.at
as the competent supervisory authority.
9. Changes to this Privacy Policy
Updates of our Privacy Policy may be completed frequently, thus you should peruse this Policy habitually.
APPENDIX:
For the purpose of contract fulfillment (see section 2a), we work with partners who process personal data for us. These are the following partners:
—
Amazon Web Services, Inc.
, 1200 12th Avenue South, Suite 1200, Seattle, WA 98144, USA,
https://aws.amazon.com/privacy/
—
Facebook Inc
., 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, CA 94025, USA,
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy
—
Google Inc.
, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA,
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Due to legitimate interest (see section 2b), we work together with partners who process personal data for us. These are the following partners:
—
adjust GmbH
, Saarbrücker Str. 37A, 10405 Berlin, Germany,
https://www.adjust.com/gdpr/
—
Amazon Web Services, Inc.
, 1200 12th Avenue South, Suite 1200, Seattle, WA 98144, USA,
https://aws.amazon.com/privacy/
—
Facebook Inc
., 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, CA 94025, USA,
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy
—
Google Inc.
, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA,
https://policies.google.com/privacy
After your consent (see section 2c), we work with partners who process personal data (especially location data). These are the following partners:
—
X-Mode Social Inc.
, 11955 Freedom Dr, Reston, VA 20190, USA,
http://xmode.io/privacy-policy.html
—
Safegraph Inc.
, 182 Howard Street, Suite 842, San Francisco, CA 94105, USA,
https://www.safegraph.com/privacy-policy
—
Unacast Inc.
, 12 East 33rd Street, 10th Floor, New York, NY 10016, USA,
https://www.unacast.com/privacy
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com/url?q=https://aws.amazon.com/privacy/&sa=D&ust=1527157976931000:
Redirect Notice
The page you were on is trying to send you to
https://aws.amazon.com/privacy/
.
If you do not want to visit that page, you can
return to the previous page
.
Sub-policy 1
http://xmode.io/privacy-policy.html:
X-Mode Privacy Policy
Redirecting to latest policy...
Click
here
if you are not automatically redirected
Sub-policy 2
https://www.safegraph.com/privacy-policy:
Why SafeGraph
Data for innovators
Why leading developers choose SafeGraph data
A modern data partner
How we support your innovations
Featured content
GUIDE
Geospatial Data: A Comprehensive Guide
Data
Places
Premium global POI data
Geometry
Reduce attribution errors with high-quality building footprint data
Attributes
Deeper precision and context in your places data
Integrations
Delivery to your preferred environment
Pricing
Datasets and terms that fit your needs
Featured content
Whitepaper
A Technical Guide to SafeGraph Places Data
GUIDE
SafeGraph’s Data Evaluation Checklist
Resources
Blog
The latest SafeGraph and data industry insights
Case Studies
How industry leaders are using SafeGraph data
Podcast
The World of DaaS with CEO Auren Hoffman
Data Visualizations
See what you can build with Places data
Guides
In depth articles about geospatial data and how to use it
Featured content
BLOG
Top 10 Uses of Geospatial Data + Where to Get It
case study
Clear Channel Europe Uses SafeGraph Data to Fuel More Targeted, Higher Performing OOH Ad Campaigns
Docs
Schedule a demo
Schedule a demo
Privacy Policy
Effective: January 1, 2023
Introduction.
SafeGraph LLC (“SafeGraph”) values and respects the privacy of users, and we work hard to do just that. This Privacy Policy includes substantial revisions from past versions to better reflect our current practices and products, which focus on data about physical locations - not identifiable individuals. Like many companies, however, SafeGraph collects certain personal information from people interested in our products and services, through our website, or from third-party entities in connection with SafeGraph’s direct-to-consumer services.  This Privacy Policy applies to Information collected by SafeGraph and sets forth SafeGraph’s commitment to you to protect the privacy of that Information. We encourage you to read this Privacy Policy to understand the Information we collect and how we collect it, why we collect it, how we use it, and the choices available to you to manage your privacy.
We periodically revise this Privacy Policy to reflect our practices and account for new and evolving laws that govern privacy. This Privacy Policy is not a contract and does not create any legal rights or obligations.
Who we are.
SafeGraph is a data-as-a-service company. Our sole mission is to provide the most trusted data about physical places around the world. We believe open access to high-veracity, ethically, and transparently sourced data about physical places is crucial to innovation and technological advancement.
Our Offerings.
When we use the term “SafeGraph Services”, we are referring to the datasets that we offer (detailed explanations of each data product are available on our public website: https://docs.safegraph.com/docs). We do not collect Information directly from natural persons to develop SafeGraph Services. SafeGraph aggregates data collected from third party data sources to develop the SafeGraph Services, such as products reflecting trends in consumer transactions at a certain retail store over or at a given time. Our customers – a variety of companies and organizations – use SafeGraph Services for commercial and research purposes, including retail site selection (e.g., determining where to open a new restaurant) and market research (e.g., analyzing general consumer purchasing trends).
Although we may license Information from third parties (e.g., advertising identifiers, such as Apple IDFA or Google Advertising ID) to develop SafeGraph Services, we do not correlate that data with other personal data such as name, phone number, or email address and none of the products we sell include Information. We use filtering mechanisms and other privacy enhancing measures to remove any Information from our products and require our customers to commit to not reidentifying anonymized or aggregated data.
Covered Information.
When we use the term “Information” in this Privacy Policy, we mean information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, to an individual or household. It does not include aggregated or de-identified information that is maintained in a form that is not capable of being associated with or reasonably linked to an individual.
Information We Collect and How We Collect It
We obtain Information in three main ways: (1) Information you choose to provide directly to us; (2) Information we collect automatically through technology when you visit our website; and (3) Information we collect from other sources.
‍
1. Information you chose to provide directly to us
When you use our website or otherwise interact with us, you may provide certain Information to us. For example, we may collect Information that you provide when you visit our corporate website (including the website on which this Privacy Policy is posted), such as to express interest in the SafeGraph Services, sign up for our newsletters or similar informative services, or to apply for a job. Some of the most common categories of Information we may collect directly from you include:
Contact Information
, such as name, address, telephone number, email address;
Customer service interaction Information
, such as messages submitted to us through online forms or email, and summaries or voice or video recordings of interactions with our customer service personnel;
Information you provide in connection with surveys, promotional activities, and other outreach
, such as your interests, preferences, demographic data (e.g., gender), and information needed for you to participate and for us to fulfill your participation incentives (if any).
Employment application Information
. If you are applying for a job with SafeGraph, we may collect information such as contact information, background information, and employment qualifications and history.
‍
2. Information from other sources
As is true of most websites, we or third-party platforms with whom we work may automatically collect Information when you visit our website from your desktop computer, laptop, mobile phone, tablet, or other consumer electronic device (“Devices”) that you use to access the website. This Information may include pseudonymized information, such as a unique browser identifier, technical information about your device (such as the device type, operating system, settings and system configurations, IP address, other unique device identifiers, and mobile network information) and your activity on our website, as well as data about the webpages you access, traffic to and from websites, the dates and times associated with transactions, and web log data. We refer to this as “Site Data.”
SafeGraph does not incorporate or sell Site Data as part of our SafeGraph Services. We use Site Data for our internal business purposes, such as marketing, analytics, research, and improving our website and services. Site Data may be correlated with other personal information, such as name or email address.
Our Use of Cookies
. We (or other companies we work with) may collect or associate Site Data using “cookies.” Cookies are small data files that have unique identifiers and reside, among other places, on your Devices, in emails we send to you, and on the web pages of the SafeGraph website. Among other things, cookies help us improve and personalize your use of the SafeGraph website. We may permit certain third parties to place cookies through the SafeGraph website to provide us with better insights into the use of the SafeGraph website and user demographics and to provide relevant advertising for SafeGraph Services to you. These third parties may collect Information related to your online activities over time and across different websites when you use the SafeGraph website.
Our Use of Web Beacons.
Web beacons are electronic images that may be used on the SafeGraph website or in emails we send to you. We may use web beacons to deliver cookies, count visits to our website, understand usage and effectiveness of offers, and tell whether you open an email and act upon it.
By accessing or using the SafeGraph website, you consent to the placement of cookies on your browsers and devices and the use of web beacons as described in this Privacy Policy. You may block, delete, or disable cookies or web beacons to the extent permitted by your browsers, applications, and Devices as described in more detail below. However, if you do so, the performance of certain features of the SafeGraph website may be limited or not work at all.
3. Information from other sources
We also receive Information from third parties. Sometimes, we receive or license Information (such as email addresses) from vendors or others in our industry, reflecting the contact or other details of potential customers, business partners or prospective employees; we also sometimes collect this information at trade shows and events.  We only use this Information for our internal business purposes and do not incorporate it into SafeGraph Services.
To develop SafeGraph Services we license data from third parties, including Data Suppliers/Brokers who license to us commercially available Information and data.  Examples of such commercially available Information may include data about interactions with third party retail locations, websites, apps, and device data (including mobile device type and advertising identifiers, such as Apple IDFA or Google Advertising ID, and location data, but we do not use or include device data or other Information in SafeGraph Services).
Why We Collect Information
To the extent relevant to applicable law, any of several legal bases may underlie our collection of Information, including:
Contract Performance
. When the processing is necessary to perform our contract with you, which may include providing you with SafeGraph Services or tailoring SafeGraph Services to your preferences.
Legitimate Interests
. When the processing is necessary for our legitimate business interests (or those of our enterprise customers), including but not limited to, providing, developing, improving or marketing the SafeGraph Services.
Consent
. When you have given us your consent to process your Information.
Legal Obligation
. When we have a legal obligation to do so, as described in this Privacy Policy.
‍
How We Use and Share the Information We Collect
We use and share Information:
to provide, develop, operate, and improve SafeGraph Services;
to respond to communications and customer services inquiries;
to market to you and provide you information about new products and events;
for our internal and operational purposes, such as to consider or make internal service improvements or quality checking, or for our own sales and marketing purposes; and
for legal, auditing and accounting purposes, such as (a) to protect or enforce our rights or those of others, (b) to evaluate or enhance the security or quality of our Information, or (c) to investigate potential wrongdoing.
We may disclose Information that we collect or you provide as described in this Privacy Policy:
to our subsidiaries and affiliates;
to service providers, contractors, and other third parties we use to support our business or perform functions on our behalf;
to a potential or actual buyer, assignee, or other successor (including its related advisors and agents) in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which Information held by us about you is among the assets that may be or are actually transferred;
to fulfill the purpose for which you provide it;
for any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the Information;
with your consent.
We may also disclose Information:
to comply with any court order, law or legal process, including to respond to any law enforcement, government or regulatory request;
to enforce or apply the engagement agreement and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes;
if we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of us, our customers, or others.
Your Choices
We may choose or be required by law to provide different or additional disclosures relating to the processing of Information about residents of certain countries, regions or states.  Depending on your state of residency and subject to certain legal limitations and exceptions, you may be able to exercise some or all of the following rights:
The Right to Know
. The right to confirm whether we are processing your Information and access to that information.
The Right of Portability
. The right to obtain a copy of the Information in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format that allows you to transmit the data to another entity without hindrance, subject to certain exceptions as set forth in applicable law.
The Right to Correction
. The right to correct inaccuracies in your Information, taking into account the nature of the Information and the purposes of the processing of the Information.
The Right to Deletion
. The right to have us delete the Information we maintain about you, subject to certain exception as set forth in applicable law.
The Right to Opt-Out of Certain Processing of Information.
The right to opt-out of processing of your Information for purposes of (i) targeted advertising, (ii) the sale of personal data, or (iii) in some states, profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning the consumer.
Right to Non-Discrimination
: Depending on your state of residency, you may also have the right to not receive retaliatory or discriminatory treatment in connection with a request to exercise the above rights.
Submitting Privacy Rights Requests.
To submit a request to exercise one of the privacy rights identified above, please email us at
privacy@safegraph.com
.
We may need to verify your identity before processing your request. In certain circumstances, we may decline a request to exercise the rights described above, particularly where we are unable to verify your identity or locate your information in our systems. We will only use personal data provided in connection with a Rights Request to review and comply with the request.
Children’s Privacy
We do not intend to collect Information from children under the age of 16. If you believe we have collected Information from a person under the age of 16, please contact us at
privacy@safegraph.com
.
Information Security
SafeGraph uses reasonable measures to protect Information in our possession against unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. We regularly review our information security, storage, and processing to ensure compliance with industry best practices. However, as no physical or technological safeguards are 100 percent secure, we do not guarantee the security of any particular elements of data that we hold.
Information Retention
We retain your Information only for as long as is reasonably necessary to fulfill the purpose for which it was collected. However, if necessary, we may retain your Information for longer periods of time, for instance where we are required to do so in accordance with legal, tax and/or accounting requirements set by a legislature, regulator or other government authority.
To determine the appropriate duration of the retention of Information, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the Information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of Information and if we can attain our objectives by other means, as well as our legal, regulatory, tax, accounting and other applicable obligations.
Once retention of your Information is no longer necessary for the purposes outlined above, we will either delete or de-identify the Information or, if this is not possible (for example, because Information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your Information and isolate it from further processing until deletion or deidentification is possible.
The GDPR (European and UK Law)
SafeGraph is not established and does not offer products or services involving the collection or sale of “personal data” in European Economic Area (“EEA”) countries or the United Kingdom. We likewise seek not to collect such personal data from our data suppliers. Consequently, the European Union General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”) and the applicable data privacy laws of the United Kingdom (“UK GDPR”) are not applicable. Should any of the foregoing change, we will update this section of our Privacy Policy.
We may sometimes receive “personal data” from potential customers or business partners located in the EEA or the United Kingdom. If you wish to exercise any of your rights under the GDPR or UK GDPR with respect to this limited set of data (for instance, if you provided us with your business information in the past), please contact us at
privacy@safegraph.com
.
‍
Contact Us
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us at
privacy@safegraph.com
or by writing to us at:
Attention: Office of General Counsel
1580 N Logan St, Ste 660, #53755
Denver, CO 80203
Updates to this Privacy Policy
We will update this Privacy Policy from time to time. When we make changes to this Privacy Policy, we will change the “Effective” date at the beginning of this Privacy Policy. We recommend that you check the Privacy Policy frequently so that you are informed of any changes. All changes shall be effective from the date of publication unless otherwise provided in the notification.
Additional Information Disclosures
Sensitive Information
In some instances, we may receive information considered to be “sensitive” under certain privacy laws, including geolocation data.  However, we do not collect this information directly from natural persons to develop SafeGraph Services, and we require our data suppliers to validate that they have obtained all data licensed to us in a lawful manner. SafeGraph does not sell sensitive information or products derived from geolocation data that can identify a person’s location, and we do not process or otherwise share sensitive information for the purpose of targeted advertising.
Further, we do not use any sensitive information to infer characteristics about a consumer.  We use this sensitive information for the purposes set forth in the “How We Use and Share the Information We Collect” section of our Privacy Policy, to enter into and perform a contract with you, to comply with legal and regulatory requirements, to protect the life or physical safety of you or others, or as otherwise permissible for our internal business purposes consistent with applicable laws.
Deidentified Data
We may at times receive or process Information to create de-identified data that can no longer reasonably be used to infer information about, or otherwise be linked to, a particular individual or household. Where we maintain deidentified data, we will maintain and use the data in deidentified form and not attempt to reidentify the data except as required or permitted by law.
Privacy Policy
CCPA Policy
Subscribe to our newsletter
© 2025 SafeGraph
Data for Innovators
A Modern Data Partner
Places
Attributes
Integrations
Pricing
Blog
Case Studies
Podcast
Data Visualizations
Guides
Data Schema
Coverage Statistics
FAQs
Release Notes
Subscribe to our newsletter
Sub-policy 3
https://www.unacast.com/privacy:
What are you looking for?
Products
Products
Location Insights Platform
Aggregated Foot Traffic
Location Data
Consumer Data Enrichment
Advertising Audiences
Location Data Processing Platform
Privacy Enhancing Technology
Datasets
Foot Traffic
Trade Areas
Cross-Visitation
Solutions
Solutions
Forecasting
Site Selection
Site Performance
Competitive Intelligence
Industries
Supply Chain
Retail
Real Estate
Telco
Consultancies
Government
Software
Adtech
Pricing
Resources
Resources
Case Studies
Blogs
Whitepapers
Blog
How Dwell Time Enhances Insights in Location Intelligence
Blog
Best Practices for Customer Data Enrichment in 2025
View More Blog Posts
About
About
Careers
Company
Methodology
Privacy Policy and Retention Schedule
Book a Meeting
Back
Home
About
Privacy Policy and Retention Schedule
Privacy Policy and Retention Schedule
Privacy Policy and Retention Schedule
Request Your Information
Privacy Request Statistics
Terms of  Service
Opt Out & Delete Request
Last Updated: January 2025
Introduction
Unacast, Inc. (“Unacast,” “we,” “us,” or “our”) values individuals’ (“you” or “your”) privacy. In this Privacy Policy (“Policy”), we describe how we and our corporate affiliates may collect use, store, and disclose your information as it relates to:
Our data services – these are the data products and services that we provide to our Customers (the “Data Services”); and
This website, www.unacast.com (the “Website” or “Site”).
Our customers (“Customers”) are entities that use our Data Services.
Our partners (“Partners”) are companies that collect information from individuals, including, their mobile device’s location information, and provide that information to us in different data sets so that we can assist our Customers.
By visiting the Website, you agree that your information will be handled as described in this Policy. Your use of this Site is subject to this Policy.
Please note that this Policy does not cover our Customer’s use of the information we provide to them. Our Customers may associate the information we provide with additional information they have from other sources and may use this combined information for a variety of purposes, such as, targeted advertising, consumer insights, foot traffic analysis, fraud detection, law enforcement, and national security.
If you are located in the European Economic Area (EEA), the United Kingdom, or Switzerland, please refer to the EEA, U.K., & Switzerland Privacy notice
here.
Who We Are
Unacast is the leading provider of mobility analytics and real-world location intelligence. Our technology verifies mobile consumer attendance at millions of places, points-of-interest, and local events, providing unprecedented insight into consumer activities and interests. We provide our Customers with location-based data services and analytics services based on inferred interests and matching of Location Data (defined below) against place and event data. Our Customers rely on our Data Services to power mobile advertising and marketing campaigns and use our data services to more deeply understand their customers, acquire competitive intelligence, to conduct law enforcement activities and enhance national security, and to provide and improve the services they offer to their own customers.
Description of Services
Unacast collects and processes various types of information from mobile devices which we receive from our third-party partners. These third-party partners are owners of mobile applications (“App(s)”) or data aggregators who primarily receive data from software development kits (“SDKs”) in Apps (SDKs allow developers to embed certain third-party functionality into their own software applications). They may also receive data from (i) WiFi routers, and/or (ii) Bluetooth beacons (these are devices placed in stores that emit Bluetooth signals and collect ID information of smartphones in their vicinity to provide related advertisements to those smartphones).
The data we receive from our Partners includes location data in the form of latitude/longitude (“Location Data”), which is associated with a mobile advertising ID, such as Apple’s Identifier for Advertisers ( IDFA) or a Google Advertising ID (Advertising ID/Ad ID). Each mobile advertising ID allows us to identify each unique mobile device and is used by advertisers and marketers to display ads to your device. Using proprietary algorithms, Unacast cleanses, processes and merges the Location Data that we receive from all sources to create a portfolio of derivative Location Data products and tools. We also may receive other information from our third-party partners about a mobile device, such as IP address and Device User Agent Data (as defined below).
Additionally, we create virtual boundaries, known as geo-fences, around locations of interest, such as shopping centers, restaurants, and events, like professional sports matches, concerts, and county fairs. We then combine the Location Data we receive with our geo-fences, and other information that we create and collect about physical locations, such as venue, hours of operation, and events, and use such combined data to make inferences about the types of activities or events users of such mobile devices enjoy or spend time doing. We use the Location Data and the resulting inferences to provide our Data Services to our customers.
Our Data Practices
Information We Collect About You
How We Use Your Information
How We Share Your Information
Supplementary Information for Individuals Residing In Select U.S. States
Our Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Mechanisms
Third-Party Links
Security of Your Information
Privacy Choices
Retention
Children
‍
1. Information We Collect About You
We collect the following information when you browse or submit an inquiry on our Website, contact us to request information about our products and services, or apply for a job.
We collect the following information about you from our Partners and use it to provide our Data Services:
Information Category
Description of Information Collected
Identifiers
IP address, and the following information if you choose to provide it to us: name, email address, phone number; job and company information, and state.
Device Information
Your browser type and operating system, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions.
Internet or Network Activity
Web pages you view, links you click, the length of time you visit our Site, and the webpage that led you to our Site.
Communications Preferences
Your preferences in receiving marketing from us and your communication preferences.
Professional or Employment Information
If you apply for a job, current or past job history or performance evaluations.
Location Data
Precise geolocation data, including latitude-longitude coordinates obtained from Apps via requests to the mobile device operating system which utilizes various mechanisms to derive Location Data, including GPS tools, cell tower triangulation, WiFi data, or other techniques. We do not collect your precise geolocation data in real-time. Neither Uncast, nor its third-party data partners determine whether Location Data is received from GPS signals, cell tower triangulation, WiFi data, or by other techniques. The device operating system determines which signal is most readily available to the device and returns the Location Data to the corresponding App provider.
Identifiers
IP address; mobile advertiser ID ("MAID"); hashed e-mail
Internet or Network Activity
Timestamp, list of Apps from which location signals were received.
Device User Agent Data
Device type; browser family; browser version; operating system; version of operating system; device model number, carrier data
Demographic Data
Age, gender, generational suffix, marital status, parental status, number of children, educational level, yearly income.
2. How We Use Your Information
Unacast uses information we collect through our Website for the following purposes:
Providing and Improving Our Services
. We use your information to provide, improve, and personalize our services to you.
Marketing and Communications.
We use your information to communicate with you about our services, respond to your inquiries, administer surveys and questionnaires, to provide customer service, and for marketing and promotional purposes. For example, we may use your information to send you news and newsletters, special offers, and promotions, or to otherwise contact you about products or information we think may interest you. We also may use the information that we learn about you to assist us in advertising our services.
Research and Analytics.
To better understand how you access and use our Website, and for other research and analytical purposes.
Protecting Rights and Interests.
To protect the safety, rights, property, or security of Unacast, our services, any third-party or Partner, or the general public; to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues; to prevent or stop activity that Unacast, in its sole discretion, may consider to be, or pose a risk of being, an illegal, unethical, or legally actionable activity; to use as evidence in litigation; to conduct audits; and to enforce this Policy.
Legal Compliance.
To comply with applicable legal or regulatory obligations, including as part of a judicial proceeding; to respond to a subpoena, warrant, court order, or other legal process; or as part of an investigation or request, whether formal or informal, from law enforcement or a governmental authority.
Unacast uses the information we receive from our Partners to provide Data Services to our Customers. We do not use information collected through our Website to provide our Data Services. Using the information we receive from our Partners, we create a portfolio of your device’s Location Data records that are associated with your mobile advertising identification number. We also create virtual boundaries called “geofences” around locations of interest, such as shopping centers, restaurants, and events. We take your device’s Location Data and combine it with these geofences, as well as other information noted above, to determine the venues and events you attended and to infer your preferences. As part of our Data Services, we also:
Categorize device users into interest segments called “personas” and “audiences.” You can view a list of our audiences at the following link:
https://www.unacast.com/products/advertising-audiences
.
Track key performance indicators throughout the length of an advertising campaign and determine whether a MAID that was served an ad visited a particular store or location;
Create insights and trends about consumer behaviors, including foot traffic at and surrounding a particular location and predicting future behavior; and
Create competitive consumer intelligence for our Customers, such as identifying new customers that may be interested in their offerings, targeting and enhancing marketing and advertising capabilities for our Customers.
We do not use the information we collect about you to determine employment eligibility, credit eligibility, insurance eligibility, underwriting, or for pricing purposes.
3. How We Share Your Information
We may share your information as follows:
Affiliates:
We may disclose your information to our affiliates or subsidiaries; however, if we do so, their use and disclosure of your information will be subject to this Policy.
Service Providers:
We may disclose the information we collect to third-party vendors, service providers, and contractors or agents, who perform functions on our behalf.
Customers:
When we provide our Data Services, we share with our Customers your information, including your device’s location information, mobile advertising identifier, venues and events you attended, interest segments, and device information. Our Customers may use this information for purposes such as advertising attribution analysis and services; marketing and personalized advertising; market research, including consumer research; business intelligence, such as consumer insights, foot traffic and analysis; providing fraud detection analytics and services; movement intelligence analytics; providing security services; law enforcement and national security; and public-health. In some circumstances, our Customers may also resell your information to other third parties for similar purposes.
Data Management Platforms and Third-Party Ad Networks.
We disclose your information, including your mobile advertising identifier and interest segments, to third-party ad networks to provide you with targeted advertisements, as more specifically described in the Third-Party Network Advertisers paragraph in the “Privacy Choices” section of this Policy. When you visit our Website, third-party advertising providers collect information about your visit to track your responses to ads we have placed on other websites, and to inform our understanding of how users navigate our Website
Analytics Providers.
We may disclose information we collected through our Website to our analytics providers such as Google Analytics, to evaluate usage of our Site, and to help us improve our services, performance and user experiences. You can learn about Google’s practices by going to
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
, and opt-out of them by downloading the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on, available at
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
.
Aggregate and De-Identified Information.
We may share information that has been aggregated and de-identified with third-parties for marketing, advertising, research, or similar purposes.
Business Transfers.
If we are acquired by or merged with another company, if substantially all of our assets are transferred to another company, or as part of a bankruptcy proceeding, we may transfer the information we have collected from you to the other company.
To Protect Us and Others.
We may share your information where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or act regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, potential threats to the safety of any person, violations of this Policy, or as evidence in litigation in which Unacast is involved.
In Response to Legal Process.
We also may disclose the information we collect if we believe that such action is necessary to comply with the law, a judicial proceeding, court order, or other legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena.
With Your Consent.
We may disclose the information we collect from you with your consent.
4. Supplementary Information for Individuals Residing In Select U.S. States
Under various U.S. State privacy laws, you may have certain additional rights that pertain to your data privacy. These additional privacy laws require Uncast to provide individuals with certain information about the processing of their “personal information” and the rights that are available to them under such laws. This includes the Oregon Consumer Privacy Act (OCPA), which in addition to the rights a consumer has listed in the Privacy Policy also requires Unacast to provide Oregon residents the additional right to obtain a list of specific third parties, other than natural persons, to which Unacast has disclosed any personal data.
Personal Information
Generally, “personal information” is defined as “any information that directly or indirectly identifies, relates to, describes, or can be associated with or reasonably linked to “an individual or household”, including, name, address, mobile device identifiers, precise location data, IP and cookie identifiers, inferences, and biometric data.
The following table discloses what categories of “personal information” (as defined by various U.S. state privacy laws) we have collected from or about individuals within the last twelve (12) months:
"Personal Information" Category
"Personal Information" Examples
Personal Information Collected by Unacast From Website
Personal Information Collected by Uncast From Data Partners
Identifiers
Name, address, device identifier, Internet Protocol (IP) address, cookies, web beacons, account name, social security number, passport number, or other similar identifiers
(i) Device identifier and IP address, and (ii) name, phone number, and email address, but only to the extent you have provided us with this information when you submit a comment or request through our Website.
Device identifier, IP address
Customer Records
Name, signature, social security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver's license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information.
Name, phone number
No
Internet or Network Activity
Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer's interaction with a website, application, or advertisement
Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer's interaction with a website, application, or advertisement
Timestamp and lists of mobile applications from which location signals were received.
Geolocation Data
Physical location or movements
No
Yes
Inferences
Profile reflecting a person's preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
No
No, but as part of its Data Services, Uncast does make certain inferences. Please refer to our Description of Services section of this Privacy Policy for more information.
Professional or Employment Information
Current or past job history or performance evaluations
Yes, to the extent you provide us with this information as part of an application for employment.
No
Protected Classification Characteristics under U.S. State Privacy Laws or Federal Law ("Demographic Data")
Race, color, national origin, religion, gender, age, or disability
No
Age and gender
Categories of Sources of Personal Information
We receive your personal information from the following categories of sources:
From you.
Directly from you through your provision of the information to us directly on our Website or automatically from your use of our Website or as described further in this Privacy Policy;
Our customers.
Our customers may directly provide us with your information for our performance of services to them; and
Third Parties and Partners.
Our third-party data suppliers (data resellers) who either directly or indirectly collect your personal information and provide it to us for our provision of the Data Services, as described in this Privacy Policy.
Use of Personal Information
Please refer to the “How We Use Your Information” section of this
Privacy Policy
for information on how we use your personal information with respect to the Data Services and our Website.
Disclosing Personal Information for a Business Purpose
Business Purpose
We may share your personal information with affiliates and service providers for a business purpose, which different privacy laws generally define as the use of personal information for operational or other notified purposes. In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have disclosed the following categories of personal information for a business purpose:
Identifiers;
Precise Geolocation Data;
Internet or Network Activity;
Demographic Data; and
Inferences
Mobile Device User Agent Data
The following are categories of third parties to whom we have disclosed your personal information for a business purpose:
Our affiliates; and
Service providers.
Sale of Personal Information
In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have sold the following categories of personal information in order to monetize our services:
Identifiers;
Precise Geolocation Data;
Internet or Network Activity;
Demographic Data; and
Inferences.
Mobile Device User Agent Data
Categories of parties to whom we have sold your personal information:
Our affiliates;
Vendors,
Third parties, which include our customers, partners, law enforcement, data management platforms, and third party ad networks.
Your Rights in Connection with Personal Information
Many U.S. State privacy laws grant you a number of rights (subject to certain exceptions) with respect to your personal information that companies may hold about you. Each of your rights is outlined in more detail below:
Right to Know & Right to Access.
You have the right to request that we tell you:some text
the categories of personal information we collected, sold, or disclosed for a business purpose in the previous 12 months;
the categories of sources from which we collected such personal information;
the business or commercial purposes for collecting and selling such personal information; and
the categories of third parties to whom we sold or disclosed for a business
purpose such personal information and the specific categories of personal information sold or disclosed to each category of third party.
In addition, you have the right to request a copy of the specific pieces of personal information that we have collected from you in the 12 months preceding your request. If we are able to confirm your identity to the degree required by law and corresponding regulations, we will disclose to you a copy of the specific pieces of personal information about you that we have processed.
Please click
here
for more information on exercising your Right to Know/Access or click on the Right to Know link at the bottom of our home page.
Right to Delete.
You have the right to ask us to delete or remove the personal information we have collected from you and retained. Upon our confirmation of your request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies (for example, where your information helps us comply with a legal obligation, or detect or prevent security incidents, or as required to comply with applicable law).
Right to Opt-Out of Sale.
Where we sell your personal information, you have a right to opt out of such sale and any further resale of your personal information. You can opt-out of the sale of your personal information here or by clicking on the “Opt-Out and Do Not Sell” link available on the home page, and on all other Unacast Website landing pages. If we receive any opt-out request either directly or through a third-party partner, we will cease selling your personal information, as “sale” is defined under U.S. State privacy laws.
How to Exercise your Rights
In order to exercise any of the rights described above, please contact us by either:
Calling us toll-free at 1-855-545-5623; or
emailing us at: privacy@unacast.com
We may need to request specific and/or additional information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to know, access or delete your personal information. Information on Unacast’s verification process can be found
here
. This is a security measure designed to prevent the disclosure of your personal information to a person who has no right to receive it.
We will only use this information to verify your identity or authority to make the request. An authorized agent submitting a request on behalf of a consumer must demonstrate that the consumer provided written permission, signed by the consumer authorizing the agent to act on the consumer’s behalf. For requests for information and deletion, Unacast may require that you verify your own identity directly with Unacast and directly confirm that you provided the authorized agent permission to submit the request.
We will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option. We will not charge you a fee for access to your personal information (or to exercise any of your other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive, excessive, or manifestly unfounded, or we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
We will not be obligated to respond to more than 2 requests for data access/data portability in a 12-month period. Any responses will cover the 12-month period preceding your request.
If you have opted out of the sale of your personal information, you may change your mind and opt back in at any time by contacting privacy@unacast.com.
Shine the Light
California’s Shine the Light Law (Civil Code 1798.83) permits users of our Website that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please refer to any of the contact methods in the Contact Information section below.
5. Our Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Mechanisms
We and our third-party service providers use cookies and other tracking mechanisms to track information about your use of our Site. We may combine this information with other information we collect from you (and our third-party service providers may do so on our behalf).
Currently, our systems do not recognize browser “do-not-track” requests. You may, however, disable certain tracking as discussed in this section (e.g., by disabling cookies); you also may opt-out of targeted advertising by following the instructions in the Third-Party Ad Network section.
Cookies.
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer’s hard drive through your web browser for record-keeping purposes. Some cookies allow us to make it easier for you to navigate our Site and Services, while others are used to enable a faster log-in process or to allow us to track your activities at our Site and Service. There are two types of cookies: session and persistent cookies.
Session Cookies.
Session cookies exist only during an online session. They disappear from your computer when you close your browser or turn off your computer. We use session cookies to allow our systems to uniquely identify you during a session or while you are logged into the Site. This allows us to process your online transactions and requests and verify your identity, after you have logged in, as you move through our Site.
Persistent Cookies.
Persistent cookies remain on your computer after you have closed your browser or turned off your computer. We use persistent cookies to track aggregate and statistical information about user activity, and to display advertising both on our Site and on third-party sites.
Disabling Cookies.
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but if you prefer, you can edit your browser options to block them in the future. The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your computer from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. Visitors to our Site who disable cookies will be able to browse certain areas of the Site, but some features may not function.
Clear GIFs, pixel tags and other technologies.
Clear GIFs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies. In contrast to cookies, which are stored on your computer’s hard drive, clear GIFs are embedded invisibly on web pages. We may use clear GIFs (a.k.a. web beacons, web bugs or pixel tags), in connection with our Site to, among other things, track the activities of Site visitors, help us manage content, and compile statistics about Site usage. We and our third-party service providers also use clear GIFs in HTML e-mails to our customers, to help us track e-mail response rates, identify when our e-mails are viewed, and track whether our e-mails are forwarded.
6. Third-Party Links
Our Site and Services may contain links to third-party websites. Any access to and use of such linked websites is not governed by this Policy, but instead is governed by the privacy policies of those third-party websites. We are not responsible for the information practices of such third- party websites.
7. Security of Your Information
We have implemented appropriate administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to protect the information we collect from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. Please be aware that despite our best efforts, no data security measures can guarantee security.
8. Privacy Choices
Data Services Opt Out.
If you would like to opt-out of our use of your device’s Location Data and other related data we use in our Data Services, you can (a) disable location services on your mobile device, or (b) complete the
Opt-Out & Do Not Sell Form
. Please note that your opt-out will be specific to the device for which you submit the opt-out request. This means that if you use multiple devices, you will need to opt out each device that you use. In addition, if you re-set your mobile advertising ID, you will need to opt out that device again.
Third Party Ad Network Opt Out.
We may use third-party network advertisers to serve advertisements on third-party websites or other media (e.g., social networking platforms). This enables us and these third parties to target advertisements to you for products and services in which you might be interested. Third-party ad network providers, advertisers, sponsors and/or traffic measurement services may use cookies, JavaScript, web beacons (including clear GIFs), Flash LSOs and other tracking technologies to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content to you. We may provide these third-party advertisers with information about you.
Users in the United States may opt out of many third-party ad networks. For example, you may go to the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”)
Consumer Choice Page
for information about opting out of interest-based advertising and their choices regarding having information used by DAA companies. You may also go to the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”)
Consumer Opt-Out Page
for information about opting out of interest-based advertising and their choices regarding having information used by NAI members, of which we are one.
Additionally, you may also go to the
NAI’s Audience Matched Advertising Opt-Out Page
for more information about opting out of digital advertising linked to hashed email addresses (“HEMs”).
Opting out from one or more companies listed on the
DAA Consumer Choice Page
or the
NAI Consumer Opt-Out Page
will opt you out from those companies’ delivery of interest-based content or ads to you, but it does not mean you will no longer receive any advertising through our Site or on other websites. Also, if your browsers are configured to reject cookies when you opt out on the DAA or NAI websites, your opt out may not be effective.
Email Marketing Opt Out.
You may opt-out of receiving promotional communications from us by following the opt-out instructions contained in the e-mail. Please note that it may take up to 10 business days for us to process opt-out requests. If you opt-out of receiving promotional emails about recommendations or other information we think may interest you, we may still send you e-mails about your account or any services you have requested or received from us.
9. Retention
We retain your personal information for so long as retention is necessary to comply with our legal and contractual obligations, enforce our agreements, and enable us to investigate events and resolve disputes. We store Location Data, Internet or Network Activity, and Device User Agent Data, associated with a particular mobile advertising ID and used for our Data Services, for up to four (4) years, provided, we may retain such personal information for a longer period to the extent it is required for a legal or significant operational purpose, such as for compliance, record-keeping, auditing, safety and security, and error or bug prevention.
10. Children
Our Services are not designed for children under 16. If we discover that a child under 16 has provided us with personal information, we will delete such information from our systems.
NAI Membership
Unacast is a member of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) in good standing, and undergoes annual reviews. If you wish to learn more about the NAI or about options available to you to opt out of receiving targeted advertising from other third party services that are also members of the NAI, please click
here
.
Data Broker
THE ENTITY MAINTAINING THIS WEBSITE QUALIFIES AS A DATA BROKER UNDER VARIOUS DATA BROKER LAWS. UNACAST IS A REGISTERED DATA BROKER.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or would like to speak with us regarding changes to your personal information, please email us at privacy@gravyanalytics.com, call us at 703.840.8850, or write to us at:
Unacast
44679 Endicott Drive, Suite 300
Office 349
Ashburn, VA 20147
Changes to the Privacy Policy
This Policy is current as of the Effective Date set forth above. We will post any changes to this Policy on our Site. If we make any changes to this Policy that materially affect our practices with regard to the information we have previously collected from you, we will endeavor to provide you with notice in advance of such change by highlighting the change on our Site.
Opt Out and Privacy Requests
You may opt out of the sale of Personal Information about you by filling out the form here:
Do Not Sell My Information
You may also submit opt-out any other privacy requests, and appeal any denial of your requests by emailing us at
privacy@unacast.com
.
Book a Meeting
Meet with us and put Unacast’s data to the test.
First name
*
Last name
*
Work email
*
Product of interest
*
Please Select
Device-level location data (global)
Aggregated foot traffic datasets (U.S.)
Location insights platform (U.S)
Consumer data enrichment
Advertising audiences
Processing my company’s data
UTM Source
UTM Medium
UTM Campaign
UTM Content
utm_term
Lead Source (Most Recent)
Lead Source Detail (Most Recent)
Industry (Apollo)
Annual Revenue (Apollo)
Company name
Country/Region