This Privacy Policy, as updated from time to time, explains how the International Olympic Committee (“
IOC
”) processes personal data in the context of its digital activities. For example, websites, mobile applications, connected TV applications, digital marketing, online professional services and business resources, as well as fan engagement initiatives and online registration features that are managed by the IOC alone or in cooperation with other members of the Olympic Movement. We refer to these activities as the “
Services
” in this Privacy Policy.
It also details how the IOC processes the personal data that it receives from other organisations, or via cookies and similar technologies that are integrated into another organisation’s digital properties for the benefit of the IOC.
Other organisations may launch and operate websites, newsletters, e-commerce platforms or other services that are (a) related to the Olympic Games, Youth Olympic Games or to the Olympic Movement’s activities, or (b) feature Olympics-related content. Such sites and services are operated independently from the IOC and are not covered by this Privacy Policy. We therefore encourage you to read the terms of use and privacy policies that are applicable to those sites and services. If we collect or otherwise receive personal data through them, this will be indicated in the site’s or service owner’s privacy policies and/or terms of use.
PRIVACY POLICY UPDATE: This Privacy Policy was last updated on 5 February 2025. It has been updated to reflect the following material changes:
Certain references to the Paris 2024 Organising Committee for the Olympic and Paralympic Games have been edited following the end of the Paris 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games.
We have revisited those parts of the Privacy Policy that describe our processing of data for marketing (including profiling) purposes.
Who are we?
When we refer to ‘
’we’’
, ‘
’our’’
or “
us
” in this Privacy Policy, we mean the IOC. The Privacy Policy also covers those instances where the IOC and the Olympic Foundation for Culture and Heritage (the “
Foundation
”), or the IOC and an Organising Committee for the Olympic and Paralympic Games (an “
OCOG
”) process data jointly. Annexes 2 and 3, as updated from time to time, provide further details on such joint data processing.
The IOC is a private, not-for-profit, international organisation recognised to be of public interest by the Swiss authorities and constituted in the form of a Swiss law association, having its registered office in Maison Olympique (Olympic House) 1007 Lausanne, Switzerland. The mission of the IOC is to promote Olympism throughout the world, to lead the Olympic Movement and to ensure the regular celebration of the Olympic Games. To learn more about the IOC, its goals and activities, please consult the
Olympic Charter
and the
IOC Principles
.
The Foundation (with address Quai d’Ouchy 1, 1006 Lausanne, Switzerland) manages the Olympic Museum and the Olympic Studies Centre in Lausanne, Switzerland.
An OCOG is responsible for organising an edition of the Olympic Games and Paralympic Games. Each OCOG is based in the territory in which its respective Olympic and Paralympic Games shall be hosted.
When we refer to “
you
” or “
your
” we mean those individuals whose data we collect through the Services, or whose data we receive from other organisations that we work with.
Our role in the processing of personal data
1. Data collected via the Services
The IOC is an independent data controller of the personal data that is collected through the Services
except
:
where the user-facing information (which includes information about cookies) provided in relation to the Services states otherwise;
where data is collected through a graphical user interface that is displayed on our Services but which is managed by another commercial organisation. Please see the section below entitled ‘
Third Party Environments
’ for more information;
where the Services relate to the Olympic Museum (in particular
https://olympics.com/museum
,
https://museumshop.olympics.com
), the Olympic Studies Centre (in particular
https://olympics.com/ioc/olympic-studies-centre
,
https://library.olympics.com/
) and other activities of the Foundation. In which case, your personal data will be processed by the IOC and the Foundation for the purposes detailed in Annex 2, acting as joint controllers; or
where the IOC is engaged in digital activities with other organisations within the Olympic Movement, such as OCOGs. In which case, Annex 3 of this Privacy Policy (or the privacy information presented at the point of data collection) details each organisation’s controllership of the data involved.
2. Data collected via third party sites and services
Where the IOC receives information that has been collected by other organisations, the IOC is a data controller of the data it receives from them. This applies to personal data that is collected via websites and other digital services owned or operated by:
each OCOG (including the Paris 2024 Organising Committee for the Olympic and Paralympic Games (“
Paris 2024
”) and the Milano Cortina 2026 Organising Committee for the Olympic and Paralympic Games (“
MiCo 2026
”)), and
other commercial organisations that are permitted to sell and promote Olympic-themed digital services or to use the Olympic Properties.
See paragraph 3 “
Collection of data through third parties
” in the section “
What information do we collect?
” (below) as well as Annex 3 for more details.
What information do we collect?
1. Information that you provide to us
You provide us with information, including personal data, when you use the Services. For example when you sign up for and sign in to a user account, complete certain transactions or subscribe to Services, promotional communications or media alerts. We also collect data when you communicate with us.
a)
Information collected when you use the Services
Certain Services require that you provide information about yourself. This is the case, for instance, in respect of the Services that:
we make available to other Olympic Movement stakeholders;
are relevant to your registration or accreditation for the Olympic Games, Youth Olympic Games or other events organised by us, as well as the Services through which you may book travel and accommodation related to these events; or
entail a game, contest, sweepstake or other fan engagement opportunity.
In these situations and where necessary we will inform you more specifically about the information we need to collect in order to provide you with the requested goods or services and of any other conditions applicable to the processing of this personal data. The information needed will vary depending on the nature of the Services. It may include information such as first name, last name, business organisation, job title, physical address, phone number, nationality, travel and accommodation details, passport or ID card number, credit card information, height and weight information, size of garments or shoes, allergies and food habits.
b)
Information collected when you sign up for and sign in to a user account
Individuals such as fans and athletes can register for a user account on the Olympics.com website and associated mobile application. If you use this type of account, we will collect the personal data that you provide to us as well as information that is automatically generated when you sign up for and sign in to the account (more particularly, data generated through cookies and similar technologies, subject to our Cookie Policy at
https://olympics.com/en/cookie-policy
). This personal data typically includes your email address, place of residence, age information, password, acceptance of terms and unique identifier, and may include further information such as your preferences and characteristics (i.e. your favourite sports), and a record of any consent that you provide (such as your consent to receive marketing communications).
c)
Information collected when you communicate with us
If you communicate with us and/or request any information or service from us, we will use your account information and any other information you may provide to us (such as email address, phone number, and the content of your communication or request) in order to respond to you.
2.
Information that is collected through cookies and similar technologies
We use automatic tracking mechanisms like cookies and similar technologies to collect certain data while you are browsing our Services, or when you visit the sites or services of other organisations that we work with. A cookie is a small file, stored on your browser or computer hard drive, which is used to collect data about your interactions with websites and other digital properties. For example, information about your device (browser type, operating system, language, unique device identifier), network connections (Internet Service Provider, IP address, time zone), browsing history including date and time and pages visited, as well as general location such as your city and country.
You can disable cookies (except those cookies that are strictly necessary) or manage cookies using the cookies settings available on each of the websites or other digital properties through which the cookies are set. You can also manage cookies by configuring the functionalities of your internet browser.
To know more about our use of cookies on the Services, and how to manage your consent to cookies, please consult our Cookie Policy at
https://olympics.com/en/cookie-policy
. Where our cookies are placed on third party sites or services, you should consult their cookie policies and consent management tools.
3.
Collection of data through third parties
You can sign up for, or sign in to, a user account with the information of an account you hold with a third party such as Facebook, Google and Apple. If you choose this option, you authorise these organisations to provide us with some of the personal data they hold about you. The personal data shared with us will depend on the third party services that you use to register with us and on the scope of the information you allow those third parties to share, but typically it includes your first name and last name, user name, phone number, unique identifiers and access tokens, e-mail address, date of birth and preferences (e.g. pages you have favourited or saved).
In some scenarios we authorise third parties to launch and operate Olympic-themed digital services or to feature Olympic Properties within their websites or other digital services. For example, the Olympic Shop operated by Fanatics, Inc. and its affiliates under authorisation of the IOC and OCOGs (see, for instance, the EU version of the Olympic Shop here
https://shop.olympics.com/en/
). These third parties may share information that they collect about you with us, for example your first and last name or unique identifier, your email address, your stated marketing preferences and data about the webpages you visit and the Olympic-branded goods or services that you purchase. In such cases, the sharing of information with us will be specified in, and carried out in accordance with, the privacy and cookie policies issued by these third parties.
OCOGs, for example Paris 2024 and MiCo 2026, share the personal data of their users with the IOC. The IOC uses such data for purposes including Olympic Games optimisation, to better understand fans, to evaluate the performance of digital properties or activities connected to the Olympic Games or Paralympic Games, or to provide and personalise its Services. In such cases, this sharing of personal data with the IOC will be specified in, and carried out in accordance with, the privacy and cookie policies issued by each of the relevant OCOGs.
4. Information manifestly made public
Content offered on our Services may include information manifestly made public such as competitions and results, biographies about Olympians and other athletes, coaches and other persons involved in the Olympic Games, Youth Olympic Games and other major sports competitions, who are newsworthy and whose stories contribute to the mission of the IOC and the Olympic Movement. This information was disclosed by athletes and other concerned persons in the context of their participation in Olympic Games, Youth Olympic Games and other sports competitions, interviews and other media events, media publications or through other means and was compiled by us, in cooperation with International Federations, National Olympic Committees, Organising Committees for the Olympic Games and Youth Olympic Games and other Olympic Movement stakeholders.
How do we use the information we collect?
We use the information we collect about you and your use of the Services and, where relevant, your use of third party sites and services, to:
a) facilitate your use of the Services, which includes enabling you to register for a user account as well as account authentication and management;
b) maintain and develop the Services;
c) gather statistics to help diagnose problems, enhance your experience of the Services, improve the quality of the Services and for purposes connected to optimisation of third party sites and services (for example, the sites and services that are managed by OCOGs);
d) ensure the security of the Services and make sure that the Services are used in compliance with our Terms of Service and applicable laws;
e) carry out profiling in order to better understand fans of the Olympic Games, organise (segment) fans into groups that share similar interests and characteristics, and use those groups and the personal data of group members to build audiences for our campaigns.
We may combine the information that you provide to us with the data that is derived from marketing and advertising cookies (if you have consented to cookies; our Cookie Policy can be found at
https://olympics.com/en/cookie-policy
), as well as the information we receive from third parties, to build a profile of you. We will also draw inferences about you based on your profile. For example, we might infer your interests (i.e. favourite sport) and characteristics (i.e. preferred language). In such case, and depending upon what you have consented to, we use this information to serve more relevant content and marketing communications to target audiences (which may include you or people with a similar profile to you) via our Services or via platforms that are managed by other organisations;
f) allow you to participate in any game, contest, sweepstake or other fan engagement opportunity which we make available through the Services or through other organisations that we work with, and for the purposes of administering these initiatives (assessing and confirming the eligibility of participants, awarding prizes to the winners etc.);
g) provide you goods, services, information, or content that you have requested;
h) communicate with you, including by answering your questions and requests, sending you communications related to your user account and our Terms of Service and, if you have opted-in or where the law otherwise permits, send you marketing communications (including by email and other electronic channels) about the Services, our activities and the activities of the Olympic Movement and its partners, while offering you the possibility to opt-out from such communications at any time; and
i) show and measure advertisements on the Services, on third party services like Google, Facebook, and YouTube and on the sites and services of other organisations that we work with. If you are a user of the third party sites and services mentioned in this paragraph (i) as well as a user of our Services, we may, by sharing information with those third parties, serve advertisements to you (or people with a similar profile to you) via their sites and services.
Who do we share your information with?
1. Information that is made publicly available
We make certain personal data publicly available via the Services or through third party sites and services. For example:
a) where the nature of the Services demand it. Services such as virtual meet-ups and chat forums, online games, contests, or sweepstakes may involve the publication of personal data, such as your audio, visual or written contribution, game play data in league tables or winner announcements; and
b) where the Services feature news stories and other editorial content about, biographies and sports competition results of, Olympians, other athletes, coaches or other persons whose activities are relevant to the IOC’s mission.
2. The IOC, the Foundation and OCOGs
The Services are provided by the IOC and, where applicable, the Foundation. We share your personal data among us for the purposes highlighted in this Privacy Policy. Annex 2 of this Privacy Policy provides more information about where the IOC and the Foundation work together to process your personal data.
Where expressly indicated in this privacy policy, we share your personal data with OCOGs. This includes personal data collected through the Services (for example, where you subscribe to receive promotional communications from OCOGs) or by other organisations that we work with.
Annex 3 of this Privacy Policy provides more information about these OCOGs, the situations in which we share personal data with them and the purposes for which they may use such data.
3. Our service providers
We rely on a network of professional service providers who are working on our behalf and help us to operate, develop, secure, promote and measure the Services and our advertisements. The services provided by these organisations include, in particular:
a) customer data infrastructure including hosting services, platform development services and general IT services;
b) customer identity and access management;
c) customer services, customer relationship management and other communication-related services including those related to email and push notifications;
d) analytics, audience and advertising measurement services;
e) services related to promotional activities, including third party web and social media services through which we serve our advertisements; and
f) services to manage users’ consents and privacy related requests.
In order to deliver these services to us, these organisations will process your personal data. These service providers are bound by strict confidentiality obligations. The service providers will retain and use such personal data for as long as they are working for us or until you decide to delete your user account or unsubscribe from the Services.
In some cases, the organisations we work with may act as data controllers of your personal data. In particular, third parties that assist us with the serving of advertisements. These third parties are typically governed by their own terms of service and privacy policies, which we strongly recommend you read.
A list of our main service providers (including, for each service provider, their contact information) is provided in Annex 1 of this Privacy Policy.
4. Events-related
services, fan engagement opportunities and other initiatives
Our Services can be used to register for and participate in surveys, games, contests, sweepstakes or other fan engagement opportunities, to apply for registration or accreditation to attend the Olympic Games or other events organised by us, or for booking travel and accommodation in relation to such initiatives.
In certain situations, your use of those Services may entail you sharing personal data directly, or require us to share your personal data, with third parties. For example, travel or accommodation providers, providers of prize promotion administration and prize fulfilment services, academic institutions, governmental agencies, members of the Olympic Movement (International Federations, National Olympic Committees or OCOGs…), third parties authorised to launch and operate Olympic-themed digital services, and other entities involved in the delivery of an event or other initiative. User-facing information relevant to the event or initiative may include supplementary information about these third parties.
5. Offers and services from our partners
From time to time, we will offer you the possibility to receive services and communications (including communications related to products and services) from selected third parties, such as our commercial partners and other constituents of the Olympic Movement. In case you opt in to such services or communications (or can otherwise lawfully receive communications from them), we will share your personal data with these organisations, who will process your personal data as a separate data controller.
Upon your consent, we transfer your email address to the International Paralympic Committee (“
IPC
”) for the purpose of promotional communications about the Paralympic Games, the Paralympic Movement and the related initiatives of IPC partners. The IPC will process your personal data as a separate data controller where you decide to subscribe to the IPC’s promotional communications. Should you wish to opt-out of the IPC’s promotional communications, please contact the IPC directly.
6. Legal disclosure
We reserve the right to disclose personal data we hold about you if we are required to do so under applicable laws or pursuant to any judicial or administrative process and, to the extent necessary, to investigate, prevent, or take actions in relation to unlawful activities or a violation of our Terms of Service.
How do we protect your personal data?
1. Data security
We use technical and organisational measures to protect your personal data against the risks of damage, destruction, loss or unauthorised access, in accordance with applicable laws.
2. International transfer
We may process your personal data in a territory other than your place of residence. We adopt measures as required under applicable law to ensure your data will be given the relevant protection.
The personal data we collect will usually be processed in the European Union or in Switzerland (which provides a level of protection equivalent to the European Economic Area according to the European Commission Decision of 26 July 2000). We may, however, transfer your personal data to third parties for the purposes and legal basis for processing highlighted in this Privacy Policy (see the section above ‘
Who do we share your information with?’
). Some of these third parties may be based in countries that, like the United States of America, do not provide in their laws for a level of protection of your privacy equivalent to that applied within the European Union and Switzerland. We adopt measures as required under applicable law to ensure your data will be given the relevant protection.  Before transferring data from Switzerland or the European Union to other countries, we implement safeguard mechanisms recognised by Swiss and European regulators, in particular standard contractual clauses. Alternatively, if we transfer personal data to organisations that participate in the Data Protection Framework as developed by the U.S. Department of Commerce and the European Commission, UK Government, and Swiss Federal Administration, such framework provides us with a legal mechanism to make that transfer.
3. Age limitation
Users who are not of legal age for data protection purposes or for the purposes of receiving our Services (according to the laws of the territory in which they reside) must obtain the consent of their parent or legal guardian before using our Services and the IOC reserves the right to request proof of such consent and/or of the age of the user at any time in case of any doubt. You can learn more about our age requirements for data protection purposes here:
https://olympics.com/en/age-consent
. If you become aware that your child has provided us with personal data without your consent, please contact us.
4. Data retention
We will retain your personal data only for the duration necessary for the purposes identified in this Privacy Policy or as required to meet our legal requirements.
Where your personal data has been collected through a section of the Olympics.com website or associated mobile application dedicated to a specific edition of the Games, and where necessary to achieve its long-term mission to promote Olympic Movement and preserve the legacy of the Games and maintain user engagement, the IOC may continue to process such personal data even after the relevant OCOG (such as the Tokyo Organising Committee of the Olympic and Paralympic Games as established by the Tokyo Metropolitan Government and the Japanese Olympic Committee) has stopped its own processing of the data. The IOC will continue to process your personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Legal basis for processing your personal data and your rights
We mainly process your information to perform our obligations under the Terms of Service (or other terms that are presented at the point of personal data collection) but, in certain cases, we rely on an alternative legal basis. We have detailed below the legal bases on which we process your personal data.
Please note, however, that we adapt our legal basis for processing if the laws of the jurisdiction where you reside require us to do so. In particular, in territories where we must rely on a legal basis other than what is detailed in this section, your acceptance of this Privacy Policy constitutes your consent to the data processing activities described herein.
1. Contractual necessity
Contractual necessity applies where you accept our Terms of Service or other set of terms that are presented at the point of data collection and applicable to the Services, and justifies our processing of personal data in the course of the following activities:
a) providing the Services. For example, user accounts, and games, contests, sweepstakes or other fan engagement opportunity which we make available through the Services;
b) securing and developing the Services;
c) communicating with you in relation to the Services;
d) sharing data with selected third parties who may provide you with their services;
e) transferring, storing or processing your data outside of Switzerland or the European Union, including within the United States of America and other countries; and
f) providing you with accreditation, accommodation, transport and other services or information which you have requested from us.
In these cases, you have the right to port your data.
2. Consent
Where you have expressly provided your prior consent, we will:
a) process your personal data to send you marketing communications (including via email);
b) process your personal data to carry out profiling activities in order to better understand fans of the Olympic Games and segment them according to their characteristics and preferences. This enables us to deliver tailored marketing communications to you (where you have consented to receive such communications) as well as more relevant online advertising or other content (in accordance with your consent to cookies), and find audiences of potential fans with similar interests and characteristics who may be interested in the Olympic Games as well as Olympic-themed products and services;
c) share your personal data with third parties for their own marketing purposes; and
d) if we have procured your consent to the use of cookies or similar technologies, collect your personal data via such cookies or similar technologies, and combine or further process such personal data as described in this Privacy Policy and our Cookie Policy.
In these cases, you have the right to port your data and to withdraw your consent.
3. Legitimate interests
We rely on our legitimate interests to process personal data in the course of the following activities:
a) distributing publicly available information related to the Olympic Games, Youth Olympic Games, Olympians and other athletes, sports and news stories via the Services;
b) securing and developing the Services;
c) communicating with you about the Services;
d) providing you with the Services that you have requested;
e) combining the personal data that you provide to us with data derived from marketing and advertising cookies, as well as the information we receive from third parties, and using that data to carry out profiling activities, to the extent consent is not legally required and after having assessed that your rights and interests are not overridden by such processing. The profiling activities are described in the section above entitled ‘
How do we use the information we collect?
’. As part of its marketing strategy for the long-term promotion of the Olympic Movement and the protection of its legacy, the IOC has a legitimate interest to better understand and find ways to develop its relationship with, and to reach its, existing and potential fans;
Residents of Italy - If you are a resident of Italy who consented to receive marketing communications, we will group you according to certain preferences and characteristics (for example, your date of birth, country of residence, favourite sport, favourite National Olympic Committee, and language) in order to determine which of our communications may be of interest to you. We can then send you marketing communications that are more relevant to those preferences and characteristics. If you did not consent to marketing communications, we will not use your data for this purpose. We do not intend for this use of data to be intrusive: we will only use a few of your preferences and characteristics, and the purpose of the activity is to improve fan engagement (taking into account your rights and interests);
f) evaluating the performance of the Services as well as third party sites and services; and
g) the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
In these cases, you have the right to object to the processing of your information or ask us to restrict such processing.
4. Compliance with our legal obligations
We may also invoke our legal obligations as a valid ground for sharing your information with judiciary or law enforcement authorities, if we are ever obliged to do so and according to applicable laws.
In such case, you have the right to object to the processing of your information or ask us to restrict such processing.
Your rights and how to exercise them
1. Your rights
You can exercise your rights of access to, rectification, deletion and portability of, your personal data, limitation and objection to its processing, as well as your right to not be the subject of decisions based solely on the automated processing of your personal data, where appropriate, before us. You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any given moment. We may require evidence of your identity before we are able to respond to your request. If you live outside the European Union, you may also have rights under the laws applicable to where you live. Please contact us via the means described in paragraph (d) of section 2 (‘
How to exercise your rights
’) (below) if you have any questions in connection with exercising those rights. We reserve the right to decline a request where the legal conditions are met and in particular where the request made to us is manifestly unfounded or excessive.
2. How to exercise your right
a) User account details
To access or rectify your personal data, please log into the user account you created on the Olympics.com website or associated mobile application and use the settings functionality to make adjustments to that account.
b) Unsubscribe from IOC marketing communications
To unsubscribe from IOC marketing communications, you can adjust your settings in your user account or click on the link displayed at the bottom of our marketing communications.
c) Requests that relate to ticketing
If you have a request that relates to ticketing, including how to update the login credentials that are needed to access your ticket(s), please contact the relevant OCOG.
d) Contact us
To exercise your data protection rights or the rights of your child, you can contact us through the
IOC’s dedicated portal
. For any question related to this Privacy Policy, you can also contact our Data Protection Officer.
e) Data Protection Officer
You can contact our Data Protection Officer at the following address:
Data Protection Officer
International Olympic Committee
Maison Olympique (Olympic House)
1007 Lausanne
Switzerland
f) Referral to supervisory authority
In cases where the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“
GDPR
”) applies, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a European Union supervisory authority, in particular, in the territory where you live, place of work or place of the alleged infringement. Where the UK General Data Protection Regulation applies, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the UK’s Information Commissioner’s Office. Where the Federal Act on Data Protection of 25 September 2020 applies, you have the right to refer the matter to the Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner in Bern, Switzerland. Where other laws apply, you can contact us according to paragraph (d) above to lodge a complaint.
g) European Union representative
The IOC has appointed Olympic Broadcasting Services S.L. Calle Torrelaguna 75, Madrid, Spain as a European Union representative pursuant to Article 27 of the GDPR.
Third Party Environments
In the course of providing the Services, we may provide for or make available dedicated external links to third party websites or environments. These external links are typically found on some of our websites and our mobile application, and redirect you to the websites or environments of some of our partners, such as social network providers.
For example, our mobile application may feature a graphical user interface that gives you access to camera and augmented reality experiences. These types of graphical user interface and the services that you can access through them are managed by commercial organisations which are permitted to use the Olympic Properties.
You acknowledge and recognise that we are not responsible for these third party websites and environments, including, but not limited to, their content, the information contained therein and/or any other applications included therein, as they do not belong to our Services or the Olympic digital ecosystem. In addition, you understand that your personal data may be collected by a third party and/or its partners when you click on external links redirecting you to that third party's website or environment. We are not responsible for the collection or any subsequent processing of your personal data by a third party and/or its partners when you click on external links.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
When we make changes to this Privacy Policy, we will revise the “last updated” date below and the changes will be effective immediately upon posting. We will inform you in advance where such changes impact your rights as a user of the Services or where required by law, for example by posting a notice on the Services or by sending you an email communication, so you can review our revised policy and decide whether to continue to use the Services or not. Your continued use of the Services following the posting of the changes will constitute your acceptance of such changes unless you exercise your rights as described in this Privacy Policy. We encourage you to review our Privacy Policy regularly.
This Privacy Policy was last updated on
5 February 2025
.
International Olympic Committee, Maison Olympique (Olympic House), 1007 Lausanne, Switzerland
ANNEX 1: List of our main service providers
USER EXPERIENCE:
IOC Television & Marketing Services SA (Switzerland)
Contact information
Olympic Channel Services S.L. (European Union)
Contact information
Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL (European Union)
Contact information
COMMUNICATIONS AND MARKETING:
Deloitte Consulting AG (Switzerland)
Contact information
Deloitte Consulting LLP (US)
Contact information
Salesforce.org EMEA Ltd/Salesforce.com Inc. (US, European Union, Switzerland, Japan)
Contact information
VML MAP A/S (European Union)
Contact information
USER ACCESS REQUESTS AND COOKIE CONSENTS MANAGEMENT:
OneTrust (European Union, Switzerland)
Contact information
ANALYTICS, AUDIENCE AND ADVERTISING SERVICES:
Meta Platforms Ireland Limited (European Union)
Contact Information
Google Ireland Limited (European Union)
Contact Information
CUSTOMER IDENTITY AND ACCESS MANAGEMENT:
SAP/Gigya (European Union, Switzerland)
Contact information
CUSTOMER SERVICES:
Call Center Guys Inc (Canada)
Contact information
MANAGEMENT AND PRODUCTION OF COMMUNICATIONS; SECURITY:
Deloitte & Touche LLP (US)
Contact information
Microsoft Inc. (European Union, Switzerland)
ANNEX 2: Joint Control in Services
THE FOUNDATION
When the Services relate to the Olympic Museum or the Olympic Studies Centre, the IOC and Foundation act as joint controllers for the purposes of facilitating your use of the Services (such as your user account, if you have one), and providing you with goods, services, information, or content that you have requested.
For the Services that relate to the Olympic Museum or the Olympic Studies Centre, the data generated by cookies will be processed by the IOC and the Foundation, acting as joint controllers.
ANNEX 3: Activities involving the IOC, OCOGs and other organisations within the Olympic Movement
The IOC often works with other organisations within the Olympic Movement. In particular, the OCOGs that are each responsible for organising an edition of the Olympic Games or Youth Olympic Games, official marketing partners, rights-holding broadcasters, National Olympic Committees and International Federations.
In the case of OCOGs:
the IOC may host the official website or manage the official app connected to an edition of the Olympic Games or Youth Olympic Games;
the IOC may share certain of its IT resources with an OCOG; or
the IOC and OCOGs may appoint the same third party to sell Olympic-related merchandise or services or use the Olympic Properties.
Where these activities entail the processing of personal data, we will provide additional information about the roles and responsibilities of each of the organisations involved, as required by applicable laws. Such information will be provided in this Annex 3 (as updated from time to time) or, for short-term activities, provided at the point of data collection.
Activities taking place as at the date of this Privacy Policy
1. Sharing of IT resources
To improve user experience, the IOC and certain OCOGs use common IT resources, in particular an identity and access management system. The identity and access management system facilitates user account registration, authentication and the management of certain data that is collected when a user signs up for and signs in to their account.
User account creation and management
The identity and access management system mentioned above underpins the accounts that users create when they interact with certain digital platforms that are separately managed by:
Paris 2024 (for example the www.paris2024.org website, and Club 2024, Terre de Jeux and Génération 2024 platforms) (the “
Paris 2024 Services
”), and
MiCo 2026 (the "
MiCo 2026 Services
").
With respect to user accounts created:
on the
Paris 2024 Services
, the IOC and Paris 2024 are joint controllers for the personal data processing that is performed in connection with account registration, authentication and the management of data that’s collected when a user signs up for and signs in to their account (“
Identity and Access Management Processing
”). Following the end of the Paris 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games and in preparation for the dissolution of Paris 2024, the Identity and Access Management Processing shall be carried out by the IOC as an independent data controller; and
in connection with your use of the
MiCo 2026 Services
, the IOC and MiCo 2026 are joint controllers for Identity and Access Management Processing. Following the end of the MiCo 2026 Olympic and Paralympic Winter Games, the Identity and Access Management Processing shall be carried out by the IOC as an independent data controller.
In its role as joint controller, the IOC is responsible for maintaining the common IT resources that are used for Identity and Access Management Processing, and the legal basis for that processing is contractual necessity (enabling users to register for and access an online account). The IOC and the OCOG may also process the data that’s collected via the common IT resources for their own legitimate interests (for example, for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims and, in respect of the IOC, for other purposes detailed in this Privacy Policy).
If you wish to exercise your rights as a data subject in respect of the above, you may contact the IOC through the
IOC’s dedicated portal
.
The IOC, Paris 2024 and MiCo 2026 are separate and independent data controllers with respect to other processing activities that they each undertake in connection with personal data that is collected via the platforms they respectively manage.
2. IOC’s collection of a marketing communications opt-in
The Services may feature a means by which you can opt in to receive marketing communications from one or more named OCOGs. If you choose to opt in, the IOC will share your personal data with the relevant OCOG(s).
The OCOG(s) (each as an independent controller) use this data to send you marketing communications, including marketing related to their products, services and partners.
You are encouraged to review the OCOG(s)’ privacy notice(s) to find out more about how they collect and further process personal data.
3. IOC’s onward transfer of data to OCOGs
The IOC and certain OCOGs have authorised Fanatics, Inc. (“
Fanatics
”) to sell official Olympic merchandise. In accordance with the Fanatics Olympic Shop privacy policy (see here:
https://shop.olympics.com/en/ioc-fi-privacy-policy/ch-2994
, although the version of the policy that Fanatics displays to you will be determined by your region), Fanatics shares the data of shop visitors with the IOC, which the IOC then shares with MiCo 2026.
In addition, if you created an account when interacting with services offered by MiCo 2026, we may share with MiCo 2026 the data we collect about you when you engage with our Services.
MiCo 2026 (as a separate and independent controller) uses this data to better understand its fans, personalise its services and products and communications, carry out behavioural analysis and to analyse traffic performance, or as further described in its privacy policy.
The sharing of data, as described in this paragraph 3, with MiCo 2026 is based on MiCo 2026's legitimate interests unless your consent is required by law and obtained, and in which case the applicable legal basis on which we share personal data with MiCo 2026 is consent.
MiCo 2026's privacy policy, which provides more information about how it uses personal data as well as the rights of data subjects, can be found here:
https://milanocortina2026.olympics.com/it/privacy-policy/
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://shop.olympics.com/en/ioc-fi-privacy-policy/ch-2994:
Help Centre
Privacy Policy
Last updated: January 15, 2025
This privacy policy on this page (“Privacy Policy”) lets you know what happens to any
    personal data that you provide to us, or any that we may collect, observe
    and/or infer about you. If you need any more information, contact us at
privacy@fanatics.co.uk
. This Privacy Policy was last updated on January
    15, 2025 to better communicate how we use your personal data and your rights in
    relation to it.
The Privacy Policy describes how Fanatics
    (International) Limited, together with its subsidiaries or affiliates
    (collectively,  "Fanatics,” “we,”
    “our,” or “us”) uses, discloses, and otherwise processes your personal data
    collected when you visit our websites, use our mobile applications (“apps”),
    purchase something from us through the websites, apps, but also through
    in-venue/event purchases we offer or in-person/online events we may organize
    (collectively our “Properties”),  contact us by telephone or email
    (e.g., in the context of contacting our customer services team) or receive a
    communication from us or otherwise interact with us on our social media
    channels, surveys or advertising.
We share some of your personal data with the
    International Olympic Committee (“IOC”)  
    who shall be the controller of that data shared with them. Their
Privacy
        Policy
sets out how they will use
    this data. For purposes of this Privacy Policy, IOC will act as a Business
    Partner (as defined below).  Please see
    Section 8 for additional information about the sharing of your personal data
    with IOC.
Table of Contents
1.         About us and how to contact us
2.      What personal data do we process and what are their sources?
3.      How do we use your personal data?
4.      What are your rights and how to exercise them?
5.      Third-Party Websites and Social Media Services
6.      Children’s Data
7.      Social Media, Widgets and Open Forums
8.      Who do we share personal data with and where are they?
9.      How long do we keep your information for?
10.    Updates to this Privacy Policy
1.         About us and how to contact us
We are Fanatics (International) Limited, the
    controller of your personal data processed from visitors to
    our website/mobile application, our Properties, or as otherwise identified
    in this Privacy Policy. You can contact us at
privacy@fanatics.co.uk
to
    exercise your privacy rights. Our address
    is Stubbs Mill, Upper Kirby Street, Manchester M4 6FN.
2.     
        What personal data do we process and what are their sources?
Sources of
        the personal data
We collect
    information from you when you visit and interact with our websites“ and apps”,
    purchase something from us through our “Properties”,  contact us by
    telephone or email (e.g., in the context of contacting our customer services
    team) or receive a communication from us or otherwise interact with us on our
    social media channels, our advertising.
We may also collect information about you from our
    Fanatics group entities (such as our affiliates, including parent and sister
    companies to the extent they also collect personal data about you), services
    providers, other third parties that provide information to us, such as Business
    Partners (as defined below), advertising networks, public sources, social media
    platforms and networks, third party log-in services, data
    enrichment services, and organizations that prepare events with/for us.
You are not
    required to provide your personal data to us, however, if you do not provide us
    with certain information (such as Transaction Information or Contact
    Information), we may not be able to fulfil your order.
We may
    combine information that we receive from the various sources and make
    inferences from the information to create a profile about you reflecting your
    preferences and characteristics.
Categories of
        personal data we process
Category of
        personal data:
Contact
    Information.
Examples of your personal data:
Name, Email
    Address, Telephone Number, or information regarding your attendance at a
    venue/event, in case of an in-venue/event sale (e.g., your seat number or
    sector where you are seated so we can deliver/arrange the pickup of your
    order).
Category of
        personal data:
Transaction
    Information.
Examples of your personal data:
Purchase
    details, delivery details, payment details, age or date of birth information,
    and any communications we have about your purchase.
Category of
        personal data:
Legal
    Information.
Examples of your personal data:
Fraud checks or
    flags raised about your transactions, payment card refusals, complaints and
    information related to their resolution, legal requests.
Category of
        personal data:
Preference
    Information.
Examples of your personal data:
Your marketing
    preferences, your account settings including any default preferences, any
    preferences we have observed and/or inferred, such as the types of offers that
    interest you (e.g., what teams/sports you like, which types of products are
    your favourite, etc.), or the areas of our website that you visit, likelihood
    that you will (not) interact with our Properties in a certain way (e.g., how
    (un)likely are you to buy merchandise from certain teams/leagues).
Category of
        personal data:
Communications.
Examples
        of your personal data:
Communications we may have with you, whether
    relating to a transaction or not. Please note that we keep all written
    communications and record calls to our customer services team.
Category of
        personal data:
Account
    Information.
Examples of your personal data:
Your name,
    password, account ID and other information specifically associated with your
    account.  If you have account with us, we may associate your activity
    on and off our Properties with your account, such as Transaction Information,
    Contact Information, Observed Information, and other data.
Category
        of personal data:
Other Voluntary Information
Examples
        of your personal data:
Voluntary information you provide/indicate to
    us/allow us to collect other than the above, such as your age or date of birth, gender, favourite teams or players, responses to
    surveys or competition entries, or pictures/videos of you, authorisations
    (e.g., given to third party log-in services), or consents you have given to us.
Category of
        personal data:
Observed Information.
Examples
        of your personal data:
Online and other electronic activity that is
    gathered automatically when you visit or interact with our Properties,
    communications and advertisements, or those of our service providers, Business
    Partners, or other third parties that share information with us.
This includes details of your online browsing
    activities, such as the pages, products or areas that you visit and
    communications that you interact with (such as when you open an email/text
    message you received from us), the date and time you access/open them, the
    operating system you are using or which link has brought you to a particular
    website/advertisement (e.g., when you clicked on it in an email
    communications/other websites). We also collect your device and other
    identifiers (such as advertising IDs, pixel, and cookie IDs (see our
Cookie Policy
), and IP
    address) and other information we may infer about you, such as a geographical
    region, based on your IP address; income and gender based on your geographical
    region or purchases, and how you feel about our brand, based on social media
    data.
Our
    third-party service providers may allow us to append additional information
    they observed or inferred about you, such as income and gender, to help us
    understand additional characteristics about you.
3.     
        How do we use your personal data?
We
    use the data we collect about you for various purposes. European/UK/Swiss
    data protection legislation sets out specific “lawful bases” for processing
    personal data. The below sets out under which basis we process different
    information about you and explains the purpose of that processing.
Lawful basis
        and purpose: Consent
to us or to our
    affiliates/Business Partners or other third parties sending you direct marketing communications (e.g., through emails, SMS,
    or other digital channels) in accordance with the preferences you select when
    you sign up to receive updates or purchase products, or where you ask us to
    send you abandoned cart emails (where you have placed items in your basket but
    not completed your order). Where you provided your consent, we will keep such
    consent to as evidence (including where we collected such consent on behalf of
    a third party). We may rely on our
Legitimate Interest
to send
    you direct marketing communications if you provide us with your Contact
    Information in the course of a sale (or negotiations for a sale) of a product
    or service (for example if you bought a merchandise on our website). On the
    basis of legitimate interest, we may also ask you to review our services and
    products on third party websites, respond to customer satisfaction surveys to
    measure and report on customer satisfaction and loyalty as well as to improve our
    customer service efforts, unless we are specifically required to ask for your
    consent by law. You can always change your preferences/opt-out of these
    communications via the unsubscribe link on any communication from us. If you
    created an account with us, you can also change your preferences there. Direct
    marketing communications may include a technology (called a web beacon)
    that unobtrusively collects analytics or other electronic network
    activity, such as whether you have received or opened the communication,
    clicked a link in the communication and technical information such as your IP
    address and information about your device. We may also combine your personal
    data collected through direct marketing communications, surveys, and other
    technologies with personal data we collected through other channels for the
    same purposes as outlined in this Privacy Policy.
What personal data do we
        use?
Contact Information, Other Voluntary Information and Observed
    Information.
Lawful basis
        and purpose: Consent to us/our legitimate interest to:
provide you with high-quality customer support,
    improve overall customer experience and resolve disputes by recording calls you
    make to our customer support team. More precisely, we record these calls for
    the following purposes:
(i)
Quality assurance
: Call recordings are used to ensure that our customer support
    team is following our protocols and provides accurate and helpful information
    to you as a customer. This is important for maintaining high standards of
    customer service and ensuring that all customers receive a consistent level of
    service.
(ii)
Training
: Call recordings are often used to train new members of the customer
    support team, providing real-world examples of how to handle customer issues
    and inquiries. These recordings can also be used to train existing team members
    to improve their skills and learn new techniques for handling difficult
    customer situations.
(iii)
Dispute resolution
: Call recordings can be used as evidence in the event of
    disputes. They can provide a detailed record of what was said during a call,
    which can be used to resolve any misunderstandings or disputes that arise.
When recording
    calls, we commit to comply with applicable data protection law, which may amongst
    others require us to provide specific notice to you, offer you the possibility
    (as applicable) to opt-in or opt-out to call recordings, or to delete your
    personal data retained for this purpose after a certain period.
What
        personal data do we use?
Contact Information, Communications, Other
    Voluntary Information and Transaction Data.
Lawful basis
        and purpose: Our legitimate interests:
tomanage our social media presence, engage with you, and analyse
    social media data in order to resolve issues and improve our brand perception, product
    and service offering. This may involve
    responding to comments and messages, monitoring brand mentions, responding to
    inquiries or complaints, initiating conversations with potential customers,
    tracking key performance indicators such as engagement rates, sentiment
    analysis, or identifying trending topics.
What personal data do we use?
Contact Information, Communications, Observed Information, and other Voluntary
    Information.
Lawful
        basis and purpose: Our legitimate interest:
to provide you with
    high-quality customer support and improve overall customer
    experience by making automated chat, chatbot, AI-driven customer support
    systems, and feedback or survey tools available to you through our Properties.
    As such, if you are contacting to us through these tools, which include
    AI-driven systems designed to assist you with common inquiries and support
    needs through different communication methods like phone calls, messaging, and
    text, your personal data and conversation content may be
    monitored, recorded, and further analysed to personalize the support you are
    seeking (e.g., to tailor responses to your needs or interests, providing a more
    customized experience) and improve user experience.
What personal data do we
        use?
Communications,Contact Information, Other Voluntary
    Information and Transaction Information.
Lawful basis
        and purpose: Consent
you gave us
    to send you notifications to let you know, for example, when the products/sizes
    you are interested in are back in stock.  You can always change your
    preferences/opt-out of these types of communications via the unsubscribe link
    on communication from us.  You may also sign up to receive specific
    notices about product or service offerings that are separate from your direct
    marketing preferences.  For example, if you asked us to notify you
    when products/sizes you are interested in are back in stock, you will still
    receive these messages, even if you unsubscribed from general marketing
    messages in the marketing preference centre you accessed through your Account
    or when clicking on unsubscribe button in one of the general marketing
    messages.
What personal data do we use?
Contact
    Information.
Lawful basis
        and purpose: Consent:
To collect
    certain personal data about you via cookies or other tracking technologies (including
    session replay or screen recording tools) or from third party sources, as well
    as infer Observed Information for purposes that include:
(i)                 
    analytics, such as where we, sometimes with or other third
    parties, (such as our data enrichment services providers), interpret
    information to detect general trends related to what our customers like or
    dislike.  These insights into customer behaviour and preferences,
    allow us to tailor our sales strategies to better target our audience and
    increase conversion rates.’
(ii)               
    better targeting advertising to your interests (about our
    products, products of our affiliates or other third parties and services) such
    where we or other third parties try to build a better picture of the types of
    Properties, products, offers and communications from us, our affiliates,
    Business Partners (as defined below) and other third parties that we/they can
    provide, which you might be interested in, so that the these are more relevant
    to you.  This may also include us trying to determine how likely it
    is that you will (not) interact with these (e.g., how (un)likely are you to be
    a basketball fan);
(iii)             
    analysing how you interact with our Properties and webforms and
    identifying areas where you may encounter problems or confusion. This
    information can then be used to improve the user experience and make the
    Properties and webforms more intuitive and user-friendly. Similarly, this
    information can help our developers identify and troubleshoot technical issues,
    such as broken links, slow page load times, or software bugs;
(iv)             
    ensuring we recognize that you are a returning customer to allow
    you to benefit from your preferred settings on our properties, and to recommend
    the intended geographic website for the location we observed you may be in
    (e.g., based on your IP address); and
(v)               
    identifying your activity across devices, channels, and
    platforms for the above purposes.
Information related to cookies and trackers are
    further fully described in our
Cookie Policy
.  We may rely on our
Legitimate
        Interest
to place/access cookies that are necessary for us to operate
    the website and provide other requested services to you; or where we consent is
    not required for further use of data collected through cookies or trackers on
    our Properties.
What personal data do we use?
Contact
    Information, Preference Information, Observed Information, Other Voluntary
    Information. Where possible, we will use statistical or pseudonymised data for
    these purposes.
Lawful basis
        and purpose: Our legitimate Interests:
To broaden our marketing activity to an audience, which is/may be
    interested in visiting our Properties. This means that we share details of
    existing customers with third parties, including with social media companies to
    show Fanatics products (and those of our Business Partners) to our customers
    while they are visiting such social media sites as well as to create ‘lookalike’
    audiences. We do this to build a more complete picture of the type of
    individuals who may be interested in our products and focus our marketing
    activity on those individuals. This marketing activity may occur on one of our
    Properties or on other websites that you may visit (including social media
    sites).
What personal data do we use?
Contact Information,
    Preference information, Observed Information
Lawful basis
        and purpose: Performance of our contract with you:
to fulfil your order, take payment and deliver your goods to you
    or the recipient you indicate, to deal with any complaints or any after sales
    services, including for warranty purposes, online or at a venue/event, in case
    of an in-venue/event sale.
What personal data do we use?
Transaction
    Information, Contact Information.
Lawful basis
        and purpose: Legitimate Interest of us and our Business Partners:
to fulfil your order and deliver your goods,
    where, in certain cases, we fulfil orders on behalf of our Business Partner,
    who have a contract with you, from our own stock.
What personal data do
        we use?
Transaction Information, Contact Information.
Lawful basis and purpose:
our
Legitimate interest:
to
    facilitate  payment options, we share your personal data with
    our payment services providers (such as Klarna – you can find information on Klarna
here
) to assess whether you qualify for their payment options and to tailor
    the payment options for you. Your interactions with payment services providers,
    including how they process your personal data, are governed by their respective
    privacy policies.
What personal data do we use?
Transaction
    Information, Contact Information.
Lawful basis and
        purpose: Our legitimate interest
: To provide you with an option to log in
    to your account and access our services using third-party services log-in (such
    as Sign in with Google).  Consult relevant service provider’s website on
    how to stop using the third-party log-in to access your Fanatics account.  If you stop using the third-party log-in, we
    may retain Personal Data we received from those third parties, for other
    relevant purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy (e.g., to continue providing
    our services), in line with our standard retention practices.
What personal
        data do we use?
Contact Information, Other Voluntary Information.
Lawful basis
        and purpose: Complying with legal obligations/our legitimate interest
: To confirm your identity. To keep records
    required by law or to evidence our compliance with laws, including tax laws,
    consumer protection laws and data protection laws (e.g., to keep evidence that
    we complied with your data subject requests, to make sure we are able to
    identify you when checking whether you gave us your consent or not, e.g., based
    on cookie or other information we collect/observe/infer about you). To provide
    information to law enforcement agencies or other authorities where we are
    required to do so.
What personal data do we use?
Legal
    information, Transaction information, Communications (where relevant), Contact
    Information, Preference information.
Lawful basis
        and purpose: Our legitimate interests
: For our internal business administration, to manage customer accounts,
    including keeping general records of customers, sales, customer care and other
    interactions and to protect genuine customers and our business from fraud to
    minimise the risk of false details being used, and abuse of card details by
    fraudsters. This is necessary for us to operate efficiently, deal with any
    issues which may arise and to protect ourselves against any future legal claims
    and ourselves and others against fraudulent transactions.
What personal
        data do we use?
Transaction information, Legal information,
    Communications, Preference information, Contact information, Preference
    information, Communications, Other Voluntary information.
Lawful basis
        and purpose: our Legitimate Interests
: To manage any competitions, other promotions, or public out-reach
    activities that you have chosen to participate in. In certain
    circumstances, we may ask you to give us your
consent
with
    processing of your data, for example when we organize an event/competition for
    youth participants and would like to use your pictures/other input or to share
    this information with media for promotional purposes.  Where such
    competitions/promotions are based on specific terms and conditions, we may
    process your personal data to
perform a contract
between us
    (e.g., to provide you with a discount following your request to participate in
    a Sign up & Save promotion).
What personal data do we
        use?
Transaction information, Contact Information, Preference
    information, Communications, Preference information, Other Voluntary
    information, Observed information.
Lawful basis
        and purpose:
our
Legitimate
        Interest
: When we want to hire a service provider to help us analyse/enrich
    personal data for one of the above purposes, we want to make sure that they can
    provide services we need adequately. We may share limited personal data with
    them to test/ensure quality of analytics services they offer.  Where
    possible, we will use anonymised or pseudonymised data for these
    purposes.
What personal data do we use?
Contact
    Information, Other Voluntary Information, Observed Information, Preferences
    Information, Transaction Information.
4.     
        What are your rights and how to exercise them?
Access the personal data, we hold about you and obtain a
        copy of such data.
Correct inaccurate or incomplete personal data, we hold
        about you.
Ask to have your personal data erased under certain
        circumstances.
Restrict our use of your personal data under certain
        circumstances.
Ask that we transfer the information you gave us from one
        organisation to another, or give it to you. The right only applies if we are
        processing information based on your consent or under, or in talks about
        entering into a contract and the processing is automated (this is known as a
        Data Portability right).
Refuse or withdraw consent, where we ask(ed) you for one. The
        lawfulness of our processing of your data that occurred before you withdrew
        your consent will not be affected.
Object to our processing of your personal data for the those of
        the above purposes, where we rely on our legitimate interest to do so (e.g.,
        where we use third party service providers to learn additional attributes about
        our customers to improve our services and advertising). You always have the
        right to object when we process your
You
    may exercise any of the rights outlined above, or for any concerns about how
    your personal data is processed, by emailing us at
privacy@fanatics.co.uk
and
    we will try to resolve your concerns. However, if you consider that we are in
    breach of our obligations under data protection laws, you may lodge a complaint
    with the Information Commissioner’s Office in the United Kingdom or your home
    country.
Mobile
        Application-Based Opt-Outs.
Personalized Advertising
. To the extent we have launched an App, you
        may opt out of certain personalization of advertisements on mobile applications
        or reset advertising identifiers via your device settings.  Depending
        on your operating system, you may be asked for consent with certain
        personalized advertising.  To learn how to limit ad tracking or to
        reset the advertising identifier on your iOS and Android device, click on the
        following links:
o  
    iOS -
https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT202074
o  
    Android -
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=en
Location Tracking.
In some cases, such as when using an App, you may also
        adjust the settings on your mobile device to allow or restrict the sharing of
        location information. For example, the “location” permissions on your mobile
        device may allow you to elect whether to never share location information with
        us, to share location information only while you are using the Properties or
        always share location information even if you are not using the Properties. If
        you elect to not share your location information, you may be unable to access
        some features of our services that are designed for mobile devices. Also, if
        you prevent the sharing of location information, we may still estimate your
        general location based on the IP address you use to access our services.
5.     
    Third-Party Websites and Social Media Services
The website
    may contain links to other websites or Internet resources. When you click on
    one of those links, you are contacting another website or Internet resource. We
    have no responsibility or liability for, or control over, those other websites
    or resources or their collection, use and disclosure of your personal data. We
    suggest that you read the privacy policy and terms of use of each such website,
    which govern your interaction with them.
6.     
    Children’s Data
Our Properties are generally not intended for
    individuals below 16 years of age/13 years of age in specific countries, which
    allow for personal data collection based on child’s own consent (such as the
    UK).  As a general rule, we do not knowingly collect any personal
    data from children under 16 years of age/13 years of age in certain specific
    countries, such as the UK, without consent of their parents/legal guardians. If
    you believe that we have inadvertently collected personal data from a child
    under the age of 16/13 in the UK without such consent, please contact us at the
    address above and we will use reasonable efforts to delete the child’s data
    from our databases.  Please refer to our
Terms and Conditions
to
    consult age restrictions on making Orders through our Properties for minors
    under 18 years of age.
We may
    organize dedicated events for children of various age brackets.  In
    such cases, we may further supplement this Privacy Policy with a dedicated
    notice, as necessary.
7.     
    Social Media, Widgets and Open Forums
Our
    Properties may allow you to engage with social media services, such as
    Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, and Instagram (“Social Networks”), and widgets
    such as the “Share this” button, or interactive mini programs that run on our
    website or which link from Social Networks to our website (“Social Functions”).
    These Social Functions may access, collect, and integrate with your Social
    Network accounts and information. For example, these Social Functions may
    collect your IP address, identify which page you are visiting on our
    Properties, or set a cookie. We may make available the opportunity for Social
    Functions to be used to register you as a website user. For example, if you are
    not currently registered as a website user and you use certain Social
    Functions, you will be asked to enter your Social Network credentials and then
    be given the option to register and join the Website. If you choose to use
    these Social Functions, you may be sharing certain Social Network profile
    elements with us, including your name, birthday (month/day), comments,
    contacts, email address, photos, or favourite teams. This sharing is subject to
    each Social Network’s own privacy policy and terms of use. We do not control
    those Social Networks or your profiles on those services. Nor do we modify your
    privacy settings on those services or establish rules about how your personal
    data on those services will be used. Social Functions are either hosted by
    a third party or hosted directly on our website. Your interactions with them
    are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing them. Please refer
    to the privacy settings in your Social Network account to manage the data that
    is shared with us through your account. Information you include and transmit
    online in a publicly accessible blog, chat room, or Social Network, or that you
    share in an open forum such as an in-person panel or survey, may be viewed and
    used by others without us being able to restrict their use by third parties (to
    the extent we use such personal data, this Privacy Policy will apply). We do
    not control such uses of your personal data, and by using such services you
    assume the risk and acknowledge that the personal data provided by you may be
    viewed and used by or third parties for any number of purposes and that the
    usage restrictions set forth in this Privacy Policy do not apply to such
    services.
8.     
    Who do we share personal data with and where are they?
We will share
    your personal data with our service providers (who process data on our behalf),
    third party affiliates (which may process your personal data for their own
    purposes), our Business Partners and our Fanatics affiliated entities. Some of
    these parties may not be located where you reside.
Service
        Providers and Fanatic Group Entities and Other Third-Party Affiliates
We
    will have in place an agreement with our service providers which will restrict
    how they are able to process your personal data and require them to keep it
    secure. We use some service providers directly in the fulfilment of your
    orders, for example for personalisation services, or where products are shipped directly by the manufacturer from
    their warehouse. Other service provider examples include IT providers, internet
    service providers, data analytics providers, and Contact Center Automation platform services,
    which assist in managing customer interactions across various communication
    channels through AI-driven systems. We may also use
    service providers in less direct ways, such as in the provision of our payment
    and finance systems, and to anticipate, prevent, and detect fraud.
We also share
    personal data with our own affiliates, including our parent company Fanatics
    LLC, and other affiliated entities who provide some services for us, or where
    they process personal data for their own purposes (e.g., where you provide
    consent for them to send you direct marketing communications).
We may share
    your personal data with organizations we work with to organize various events,
    including competitions for our customers and other individuals, as well as
    educational and community outreach activities.
We may also
    share your personal data with various professional advisors such as lawyers,
    accountants, auditors, translators, and other professionals, where they advise
    us on our relationship.
Our website
    also contains scripts from third party affiliates who will gather Observed
    Information about you in order to verify referrals from third party advertising
    (i.e., to verify that you actually purchased something on our Properties, based
    on your interaction with an advertisement on a different site). We do not
    process this information, but it is collected directly by them and processed in
    accordance with their privacy policies.  Some of our third-party
    affiliates, which we share your personal data with, also help us broaden our
    marketing activities to reach an audience, which is/may be interested in
    visiting our Properties.  Some of our third-party affiliates, which
    we share your personal data with, also help us better understand our customers,
    by providing additional information collected about those customers.
Business
        Partners
We may share your personal data with third parties whose merchandise we
    sell on our Properties and are licensed to use their brand (“Business
    Partners”) (or their service providers). 
    As part of that relationship, and based on our both legitimate
    interests, we share with Business Partners Contact Information, Voluntary
    Information, and Observed Information as well as Transactional Information when
    you purchase that Business Partner’s merchandise from us.  Business Partners use the shared personal
    data for their own purposes.  You may
    contact us at
privacy@fanatics.co.uk
to opt out of future sharing of your personal
    data with Business Partners. However, we do not control how Business Partners
    use and share your information after we have shared it with them. Please
    contact such Business Partners directly for information about their privacy
    practices or to exercise rights you may have (including if you would like to
    opt-out of receiving future emails from a Business Partner).
If you
    participate in our FanCash program, we may also share your personal data with
    Business Partners and other third parties to operate the program and allow you
    to acquire and redeem points.
Other Use
        Cases
We may share
    any of your personal data with a prospective purchaser or purchaser of any part
    of our business, or otherwise in connection with a sale, merger, change of
    control, bankruptcy, or similar transaction on the basis of our legitimate
    interests and the interests of our purchaser, so that they can appropriately
    value the business and assess any risks and continue doing business with you
    after the acquisition.
We may share
    your personal data: (a) as required by law or legal process; (b) to investigate
    suspected fraud, harassment, or other violations of any law, rule, or
    regulation; (c) to investigate suspected violations of any terms or policies
    applicable to the Properties or the services provided by us or our third party
    providers or affiliates; or (d) where we reasonably conclude that it is
    necessary for defending, exercising or establishing our legal rights.
We may also
    share your personal data with media, such as in instances where you
    participated in some of our competitions and events, youth and community
    programs and other Fanatics public engagement activities.
With other
    third parties with your consent.
International
        Transfers
If any
    service provider, this party affiliate, Business Partner or affiliated entity
    is based outside of the United Kingdom, the European Economic Area or
    Switzerland, in a country, which was not recognized as providing adequate
    protection to personal data by the European Commission the United Kingdom
    Secretary of State and/or the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information
    Commissioner, data protections provided by those countries may not be equal to
    those of the UK, EEA or Switzerland. In those cases, we will ensure that we
    have an appropriate contract for the international transfer of personal data
    with them, they have binding corporate rules, approved code of conduct or
    certification in place, or that we can apply a permissible statutory
    derogation. In respect of Fanatics LLC, and our affiliates entities we share
    your personal data with, we have a contract in place in the form authorised by
    the European Commission, the United Kingdom Secretary of State and Parliament
    and Swiss authorities, for the international transfer of personal data.
Please reach
    out to us using the contact information above, if you want to receive further
    information or, where available, a copy of the relevant data transfer
    mechanism.
9.     
    How long do we keep your information for?
We will only
    retain your personal data for as long as we need to fulfil the purposes set out
    in the Privacy Policy and for as long as we have a legal requirement to do
    so.  Different retention periods may apply for to different types of
    records and data, however the longest we will generally hold any personal data
    is 7 years from the date of your last transaction, for taxation, accounting,
    and risk management purposes. This may be extended in the event of a query,
    investigation, or dispute until fully resolved.
If you would
    like to know more about retention periods applicable to your particular
    circumstance, you can contact us using details provided above.
10.    Updates to this Privacy Policy
We may update
    this Privacy Policy from time-to-time.  When required under
    applicable law, we will provide you with an appropriate notification regarding
    any changes we make by posting the updated version of the Privacy Policy/
    provide a notification on this website/ or reaching out to you directly, as
    appropriate.
Sub-policy 1
https://milanocortina2026.olympics.com/it/privacy-policy/:
Impostazioni privacy
Questo sito web utilizza i cookie
I cookie su questo sito sono cookie tecnici, utilizzati da Fondazione Milano Cortina 2026 per permettere il funzionamento del sito; cookie analitici, di marketing e di profilazione, usati da Fondazione Milano Cortina 2026 e dai suoi partner, quali in primo luogo il Comitato Olimpico Internazionale, per misurare le performance del sito e capire i contenuti che ti interessano. Per proseguire con la navigazione senza accettare cookie, ad eccezione dei cookie tecnici che non richiedono il consenso, clicca su "Usa solo cookie tecnici". Per accettare tutti i cookie, clicca "Accetta tutti i cookie". Per gestire o disabilitare i cookie clicca su "Mostra dettagli" e successivamente "Accetta selezionati". Per modificare o revocare i consensi espressi in qualsiasi momento, vai nella sezione 5 della nostra Cookie Policy e seleziona "Modifica consenso". Per maggiori informazioni ti invitiamo a leggere la nostra Cookie Policy.
Leggi di più
Categoria
Nome
Fornitore
Scopo
Necessari
idc; _guid; liap; bcookie; VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE; LOGIN_INFO; __Secure-3PSIDCC; __Secure-3PSIDTS; __Secure-1PSIDCC; __Secure-3PSID;APISID; __Secure-1PSID; SAPISID;__Secure-3PAPISID; SID; __Secure-1PAPISID; SIDCC; HSID; SSID; _abck; bm_s; platform1; ak_bmsc; bm_mi; bm_sv;
Fornitore: Linkedin; Youtube; Olympics.com
Utilizzato per rilevare se il visitatore ha accettato la categoria marketing presente nel cookie banner. Questo cookie è necessario per la conformità al GDPR del sito web
Statistici
AnalyticsSyncHistory; UserMatchHistory; YSC; RT;
_ga_R093CG5JCK; _ga; AMCV_14215E3D5995C57C0A495C55%40AdobeOrg; dl_anonymous_id Perf; dl_user_id Perf;
Fornitore: Linkedin; Youtube; Milano Cortina 2026; Olympics.com; Google Analytics; Adobe
Registra dati statistici sul comportamento degli utenti sul sito web. Questi vengono utilizzati per analisi interne da parte del gestore del sito.
Preferenze
li_mc;
VISITOR_PRIVACY_METADATA; PREF; CONSENT; PREF; SOCS;
agreed_gdpr-version; agreed_gdpr-categories; agreed_gdpr;
OptanonConsent;
Fornitore: Linkedin; Youtube; Milano Cortina 2026; Olympics.com
Registra quale cluster di server sta servendo il visitatore. Viene utilizzato nel contesto del bilanciamento del carico, al fine di ottimizzare l'esperienza dell'utente.
Marketing
lms_ads; li_sugr; fr;_fbp; __Secure-YEC; _gcl_au; dl_anonymous_id; dl_user_id;
_ttp;_tt_enable_cookie
Fornitore: Linkedin; Facebook; Youtube; Google; Olympics.com;
TikTok
Utilizzato da Linkedin, Facebook, Youtube, TikTok e Google AdSense per testare l'efficacia della pubblicità su tutti i siti Web che utilizzano i loro servizi.
Maggiori informazioni
Necessari
I cookie necessari contribuiscono a rendere fruibile il sito web abilitandone funzionalità di base quali la navigazione sulle pagine e l'accesso alle aree protette del sito. Il sito web non è in grado di funzionare correttamente senza questi cookie.
Statistiche
I cookie statistici aiutano noi e, ove applicabile, il Comitato Olimpico Internazionale a comprendere come i visitatori interagiscono con questo sito Web raccogliendo e segnalando informazioni su tali interazioni
Preferenze
I cookie di preferenza consentono al sito web di memorizzare informazioni che ne influenzano il comportamento o l'aspetto, quali la lingua preferita o la località nella quale ti trovi.
Marketing
I cookie di marketing, inclusi quelli congruenti utilizzati dal Comitato Olimpico Internazionale all'interno di questo sito, vengono utilizzati per tracciare i visitatori attraverso i siti web e per generare i profili degli utenti. La finalità, tra le altre, è quella di visualizzare annunci pertinenti e coinvolgenti per il singolo utente e quindi di maggior valore per editori e inserzionisti terze parti.
Non classificati
I cookie non classificati sono i cookie che sono in fase di classificazione, insieme ai fornitori di cookie individuali.
Salva le preferenze
idc; _guid; liap; bcookie; VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE; LOGIN_INFO; __Secure-3PSIDCC; __Secure-3PSIDTS; __Secure-1PSIDCC; __Secure-3PSID;APISID; __Secure-1PSID; SAPISID;__Secure-3PAPISID; SID; __Secure-1PAPISID; SIDCC; HSID; SSID; _abck; bm_s; platform1; ak_bmsc; bm_mi; bm_sv;Fornitore: Linkedin; Youtube; Olympics.com
Utilizzato per rilevare se il visitatore ha accettato la categoria marketing presente nel cookie banner. Questo cookie è necessario per la conformità al GDPR del sito web
AnalyticsSyncHistory; UserMatchHistory; YSC; RT;
_ga_R093CG5JCK; _ga; AMCV_14215E3D5995C57C0A495C55%40AdobeOrg; dl_anonymous_id Perf; dl_user_id Perf;
Fornitore: Linkedin; Youtube; Milano Cortina 2026; Olympics.com; Google Analytics; Adobe
Registra dati statistici sul comportamento degli utenti sul sito web. Questi vengono utilizzati per analisi interne da parte del gestore del sito.
li_mc;
VISITOR_PRIVACY_METADATA; PREF; CONSENT; PREF; SOCS;
agreed_gdpr-version; agreed_gdpr-categories; agreed_gdpr;
OptanonConsent;
Fornitore: Linkedin; Youtube; Milano Cortina 2026; Olympics.com
Registra quale cluster di server sta servendo il visitatore. Viene utilizzato nel contesto del bilanciamento del carico, al fine di ottimizzare l'esperienza dell'utente.
lms_ads; li_sugr; fr;_fbp; __Secure-YEC; _gcl_au; dl_anonymous_id; dl_user_id;
_ttp;_tt_enable_cookie
Fornitore: Linkedin; Facebook; Youtube; Google; Olympics.com;
TikTok
Utilizzato da Linkedin, Facebook, Youtube, TikTok e Google AdSense per testare l'efficacia della pubblicità su tutti i siti Web che utilizzano i loro servizi.
Accetta tutti
Apri preferenze
Rimuovi tutti i consensi non necessari
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Titolare del trattamento dei dati e ruolo del Comitato Olimpico Internazionale in materia di privacy
L’Olympic ID e le piattaforme di Milano Cortina 2026
Dati raccolti da Milano Cortina 2026
Finalità generali della raccolta dei vostri dati personali da parte di Milano Cortina 2026
Cookie
Destinatari dei dati
Raccolta dei vostri dati tramite terzi
Periodi di conservazione dei dati
Misure di sicurezza
I vostri diritti sui vostri dati
Privacy Policy
Il presente documento (“
Informativa
”) sarà integrato con ulteriori informazioni che saranno rese disponibili per ciascun servizio presente sul sito (di seguito, rispettivamente “
Sito
” e "
Milano Cortina 2026
" o
"Titolare del trattamento
").
Per dati personali - come definiti dalla normativa sulla protezione dei dati (Regolamento Generale sulla Protezione dei Dati n.2016/679 del 27 aprile 2016 e Decreto Legislativo n. 196 del 30 giugno 2003 come di volta in volta modificato) – si intende qualsiasi informazione che direttamente o indirettamente identifica l’utente come persona fisica (“
Dati
”).
Milano Cortina 2026 si riserva il diritto di modificare l’Informativa, in particolare per tenere conto di eventuali modifiche della legge applicabile. Pertanto, l'utente è invitato a consultare regolarmente questa pagina.
Milano Cortina 2026 ha nominato un proprio Responsabile della protezione dei dati (o “DPO”) che può essere contattato via e-mail all'indirizzo
DPO@milanocortina2026.org
.
Titolare del trattamento dei dati e ruolo del Comitato Olimpico Internazionale in materia di privacy
Vi informiamo che i Dati raccolti sul Sito, sulle diverse pagine e durante le interazioni con l’utente sono trattati da Milano Cortina 2026, con sede legale in Piazza Tre Torri 3, Milano, Codice Fiscale no. 97866790153, P.IVA. no. 11199200962, in qualità di titolare del trattamento.
Al fine di garantire un utilizzo ottimale dei siti web dedicati ai Giochi e in particolare per facilitarne l'accesso - tra cui il sito Olympics.com e l'applicazione mobile Olympics gestita dal Comitato Olimpico Internazionale (CIO), con sede in Maison Olympique (Casa Olimpica) 1007 Losanna, Svizzera - Milano Cortina 2026 e il CIO hanno istituito un sistema unico di autenticazione (c.d. “Olympic ID”) e gestione degli accessi, che consente di creare account utilizzando gli stessi dati di accesso in ambienti diversi, tra cui (i) il Sito e/o alcune piattaforme disponibili sullo stesso e (ii) il sito Olympics.com e l'applicazione mobile Olympics pubblicata dal CIO. La creazione dell’Olympic ID consente quindi di accedere al proprio profilo, eventualmente creato sulle diverse piattaforme gestite da Milano Cortina 2026, utilizzando i medesimi dati di accesso. Milano Cortina 2026 – nell’ambito della creazione dell’ Olympic ID - condividerà con il CIO talune informazioni quali
(i)
i dati tecnici raccolti una sola volta al momento della registrazione dell'utente;
(ii)
la serie di consensi necessari per il sistema di identificazione olimpica; e
(iii)
nome, cognome, data di nascita necessari per la gestione di base del profilo e per garantire un'esperienza utente coerente. Di conseguenza, per quanto riguarda in particolare il trattamento dei dati relativi all'autenticazione e alla gestione dell’accesso al vostro account sul Sito o alle altre pagine di Milano Cortina 2026, Milano Cortina 2026 e il CIO trattano i vostri dati in qualità di contitolari del trattamento in forza di uno specifico accordo che hanno sottoscritto.
Inoltre, i vostri Dati sono destinati all'uso da parte del CIO e del Comitato Paralimpico Internazionale, che li utilizzano in qualità di autonomi titolari del trattamento per comprendere meglio i loro fan, valutare le prestazioni delle proprietà digitali o delle attività connesse rispettivamente ai Giochi Olimpici o ai Giochi Paralimpici, personalizzare i loro servizi, prodotti e attività di marketing e, laddove abbiate dato il vostro consenso, inviarvi marketing diretto, compreso quello relativo ai loro prodotti, servizi e partner. In conformità ai loro obblighi, vi informano sulle loro finalità e modalità di utilizzo dei vostri Dati attraverso le informative sulla privacy disponibili, rispettivamente, alle pagine:
https://olympics.com/en/privacy-policy
e
https://www.comitatoparalimpico.it/sezione-informazioni/utilita/privacy.html
), che illustrano altresì le modalità da utilizzare per esercitare i diritti riconosciuti dalla normativa.
L’Olympic ID e le piattaforme di Milano Cortina 2026
L’Olympic ID permette all’utente di accedere con le medesime credenziali ad alcune piattaforme presenti sul Sito. L’utente, una volta creato il proprio Olympic ID, accettando i termini e le condizioni di utilizzo di ciascuna delle piattaforme potrà accedere, su base volontaria, ad una sezione dedicata del Fan26 (anche senza aver creato un account su questa specifica piattaforma) disponibile alla pagina
https://fan26.olympics.com
per avere a disposizione contenuti e aggiornamenti sui prossimi Giochi Olimpici.
Utilizzando il proprio Olympic ID ed essendosi registrato su una delle piattaforme, l’utente potrà visualizzare sulle altre piattaforme cui intende accedere alcune informazioni quali, ad esempio, le sue generalità e l’indirizzo e-mail. Tali informazioni sono sempre contrassegnate da asterisco e quindi obbligatorie. Tale circostanza da una parte permette all’utente una
user experience
più agevole e dall’altra garantisce a Milano Cortina 2026 una migliore gestione delle informazioni raccolte.
Dati raccolti da Milano Cortina 2026
Il Titolare del trattamento potrebbe raccogliere i seguenti tipi di dati:
Dati identificativi e di contatto
: ad esempio: indirizzo e-mail, indirizzo IP, ecc. comunicati durante la navigazione o attraverso messaggi inviati via e-mail agli indirizzi di posta elettronica con dominio milanocortina2026.org. Ulteriori Dati, quali nome, cognome, luogo e data di nascita, potranno essere comunicati a Milano Cortina 2026 attraverso la registrazione, ad esempio, alle piattaforme disponibili sul Sito sulle quali, in base al trattamento, potrebbe essere pubblicata un’informativa specifica.
Categorie particolari di dati personali
: informazioni relative, ad esempio, allo stato di salute degli utenti potranno essere raccolte su specifiche piattaforme sulle quali, come sopra anticipato, saranno a disposizione specifiche informative.
Dati di navigazione
:
I sistemi informatici e i software preposti al funzionamento del Sito acquisiscono, nel corso del loro normale esercizio, alcuni Dati la cui trasmissione è implicita nell'uso dei protocolli di comunicazione di rete; si tratta di informazioni che non sono raccolte per essere associate agli utenti ma che, per loro stessa natura, se associate ad altri dati potrebbero permettere di identificare gli utenti; in particolare, rientrano in questa categoria di dati gli indirizzi IP o i nomi a dominio dei computer utilizzati dagli utenti che si connettono al Sito, gli indirizzi in notazione URI (
Uniform Resource Identifier
), l'orario della richiesta, il canale utilizzato per inviare la richiesta, la dimensione del file ottenuto in risposta, il codice numerico indicante lo stato della risposta data dal server (buon fine, errore, ecc.) ed altri parametri relativi all'utente, al sistema operativo e all'ambiente informatico. Queste informazioni vengono raccolte tramite i cookie descritti nella
Cookie Policy
.
Finalità generali della raccolta dei vostri dati personali da parte di Milano Cortina 2026
I Dati vengono raccolti e utilizzati per diverse finalità e l’utente sarà informato direttamente nelle pagine di raccolta dei Dati. In generale, i Dati sono raccolti in base alle seguenti basi giuridiche e finalità:
A.
per l'esecuzione del nostro rapporto contrattuale o di misure precontrattuali adottate su richiesta dell’utente:
Facilitare l'utilizzo dei servizi, consentire la registrazione e l'autenticazione dell'utente e gestire il suo account (il trattamento dei Dati per l'autenticazione e la gestione degli accessi è di competenza congiunta di Milano Cortina 2026 e del CIO per i seguenti siti:
https://www.milanocortina2026.org
);
Fornire i contenuti e le informazioni richieste dall’utente.
B.
per adempiere a obblighi legali, contabili e fiscali e, a meno che l'utente non si opponga e nei limiti dei suoi interessi e diritti, per gestire esigenze organizzative e operative di Milano Cortina 2026:
Sviluppare e promuovere i Giochi e il movimento olimpico (elaborazione di statistiche, realizzazione di sondaggi di gradimento, ecc;);
Mantenere e sviluppare il Sito, le relative pagine e/o piattaforme;
Garantire la sicurezza del Sito e delle relative pagine e/o piattaforme assicurandosi che siano utilizzati in conformità con la legge applicabile;
Sviluppare statistiche sul traffico e migliorare il funzionamento, la sicurezza e l'efficienza del sito;
Combattere le frodi.
C.
nel caso in cui l'utente abbia prestato il proprio consenso, i dati vengono utilizzati per l'invio di messaggi promozionali o informazioni tramite comunicazione elettronica (tra cui newsletter, messaggi di marketing relativi a prodotti, servizi o altre iniziative del titolare del trattamento) da parte di Milano Cortina 2026.
D. nel caso in cui l'utente abbia prestato il proprio consenso, i dati vengono comunicati a terze parti (anche IOC e IPC) affinché vengano utilizzati da ciascuna in qualità di titolari autonomi del trattamento e, pertanto, per le proprie finalità (marketing e profilazione, per esempio) e secondo le rispettive informative privacy).
Oltre a quanto indicato nella sezione sotto riportata “
Destinatari dei Dati
” è consultabile la pagina “
I destinatari dei Tuoi dati
” per conoscere nel dettaglio i soggetti cui i Dati potranno essere comunicati.
E. nel caso in cui l’utente abbia prestato il proprio consenso, i Dati sono utilizzati per l'invio di messaggi promozionali o informativi mediante comunicazione elettronica (tra cui newsletter, messaggi di marketing relativi a prodotti, servizi o altre iniziative del relativo titolare del trattamento o di suoi partner commerciali). in base alle sue scelte - attività di profilazione da parte di Milano Cortina 2026.
In relazione alle attività di profilazione, il trattamento automatico sarà eseguito come di seguito descritto. La profilazione e la personalizzazione delle iterazioni con gli utenti potranno essere effettuate attraverso analisi automatizzate, basate su: (A) preferenze espresse direttamente dagli utenti quali: (i) discipline invernali olimpiche e paralimpiche preferite; (ii) lingua abitualmente utilizzata; (iii) consensi privacy espressi; (B) su dati dell'utente quali (i) data di nascita; (ii) paese di domicilio; (iii) codice postale; (iv) sesso; (v) data di registrazione; (C) sul comportamento dell'utente in risposta alle comunicazioni inviate via e-mail (apertura, click, cancellazione); (D) sulla partecipazione attiva a iniziative all'interno delle piattaforme di Milano Cortina 2026 (risposta a quiz, iscrizione a concorsi, sondaggi); nonché (E) sul comportamento all'interno di piattaforme di terze parti per le quali Milano Cortina 2026 riceverà informazioni e dati tramite condivisione offline da parte di provider (es. piattaforma di ticketing che trasmetterà informazioni relative all'acquisto dei biglietti).
Per mezzi di comunicazione elettronica si intendono la posta elettronica, le applicazioni di messaggistica istantanea, i blog e i messaggi di testo. La rete di comunicazione elettronica di Milano Cortina 2026 può includere qualsiasi combinazione di questi tipi di mezzi.
Cookie
Utilizziamo meccanismi di tracciamento automatico come i cookie e tecnologie simili per raccogliere alcuni dati durante la navigazione o quando l’utente visita i siti o usufruisce dei servizi di altre organizzazioni con cui Milano Cortina 2026 collabora. Un cookie è un piccolo file, memorizzato sul browser o sul disco rigido del computer, che viene utilizzato per raccogliere dati sulle interazioni dell'utente con siti web e altre proprietà digitali. Ad esempio, informazioni sul vostro dispositivo (tipo di browser, sistema operativo, lingua, identificatore univoco del dispositivo), sulle connessioni di rete (Internet Service Provider, indirizzo IP, fuso orario), sulla cronologia di navigazione, comprese data e ora e pagine visitate, nonché sulla posizione generale, come la vostra città e il vostro paese.
È possibile disabilitare i cookie (ad eccezione di quelli strettamente necessari) o gestirli utilizzando le impostazioni dei cookie disponibili su ciascuno dei siti web o altre proprietà digitali attraverso le quali vengono impostati i cookie. È inoltre possibile gestire i cookie configurando le funzionalità del proprio browser Internet.
Per saperne di più sull’ utilizzo dei cookie e su come gestire il consenso, consultate la nostra
Cookie Policy
.
Nel caso in cui i nostri cookie siano inseriti in siti o servizi di terze parti, è necessario consultare le loro politiche sui cookie e gli strumenti di gestione del consenso.
Destinatari dei dati
Milano Cortina 2026 potrà -fermo quanto sopra descritto e in ragione dei consensi raccolti - comunicare i Dati ai seguenti soggetti:
Il CIO per le finalità indicate nella propria informativa sulla privacy. Fatte salve alcune eccezioni, l’utente può opporsi a tali attività di trattamento. Per esercitare tale diritto di opposizione, è possibile contattare direttamente il CIO i cui dati di contatto sono disponibile nell’ informativa sulla privacy.
Gli altri stakeholder del Movimento Olimpico, comprese le Federazioni Internazionali, i Comitati Olimpici Nazionali, gli altri Comitati Organizzatori dei Giochi Olimpici e i partner commerciali del CIO in conformità alla privacy policy di ciascun soggetto.
Il Comitato Internazionale Paralimpico ("IPC"), se l'utente accetta di ricevere le relative comunicazioni in conformità all’informativa sulla privacy adottata dallo stesso IPC.
I fornitori di servizi di Milano Cortina 2026 in conformità alle istruzioni ricevute (ad esempio, laddove prestino servizi di software in hosting, servizi di sviluppo di piattaforme informatiche, servizi di hosting, servizi di relazione con i clienti (CRM) e altri servizi di comunicazione, servizi di analisi e misurazione, servizi di comunicazione via e-mail e notifiche push, servizi Internet, ecc.).
Ulteriori soggetti terzi che potranno utilizzare i dati raccolti per specifiche esigenze (consulenti legali, autorità giudiziarie, ecc.).
Raccolta dei vostri dati tramite terzi
Milano Cortina 2026 può ricevere dati in relazione all'utilizzo di piattaforme di terzi, come il CIO o i partner commerciali di quest’ultimo, che li raccolgono dai loro siti web in qualità di titolari autonomi del trattamento. In particolare:
Se l’utente crea un account o interagisce con il CIO su uno dei suoi siti web, e ha un account sul sito di Milano Cortina 2026, il CIO condivide con Milano Cortina 2026 i dati che raccoglie in relazione ai servizi forniti in conformità con la sua Privacy Policy.
Il CIO e Milano Cortina 2026 hanno autorizzato Fanatics, Inc. ("Fanatics"), 225 Washington Street, Third Floor, Conshohocken, PA 19428, USA, a vendere il merchandising olimpico ufficiale. In conformità con l'informativa sulla privacy del Fanatics Olympic Shop, Fanatics condivide i dati dei visitatori del negozio con il CIO, che poi li condivide con Milano Cortina 2026. In particolare, il CIO condivide con Milano Cortina 2026 i dati di coloro che (i) acquistano un prodotto con il marchio Milano Cortina 2026 o che ha un collegamento con i Giochi Olimpici Milano Cortina 2026, (ii) risiedono in Italia o (iii) hanno manifestato il proprio consenso a ricevere comunicazioni da Milano Cortina 2026 come sopra descritto.
Periodi di conservazione dei dati
I dati saranno conservati da Milano Cortina 2026 per il periodo necessario al perseguimento delle finalità di cui sopra, e per quanto riguarda i dati utilizzati nell'ambito di comunicazioni di marketing e/o di profilazione di Milano Cortina 2026 qualora l’utente vi abbia acconsentito, per un periodo massimo di 2 anni dalla raccolta e salvo revoca del consenso.
Al termine di tali periodi, i dati saranno archiviati, se necessario, per un periodo non superiore ai termini di prescrizione di legge o agli obblighi di archiviazione applicabili o per la durata del procedimento in caso di contenzioso. Trascorsi tali termini, i dati saranno distrutti da Milano Cortina 2026.
Ricordiamo che i dati trasferiti al CIO o ad altri destinatari come sopra indicati sono conservati da ciascuno, in qualità di titolari autonomi, secondo i periodi indicati nelle rispettive informative sulla privacy.
Misure di sicurezza
I dati raccolti da Milano Cortina 2026 in qualità di titolare del trattamento, per le finalità elencate nel paragrafo precedente, sono protetti da adeguate misure tecniche e organizzative contro i rischi di accesso non autorizzato o di divulgazione dei vostri dati, in conformità alle leggi vigenti.
Attraverso l'utilizzo dei nostri fornitori, i dati potrebbero essere trasferiti in paesi terzi al di fuori dell'Unione Europea (UE) o dello Spazio Economico Europeo (SEE). Ove applicabile, e se il paese terzo non beneficia di una decisione di adeguatezza adottata dalla Commissione europea, i fornitori hanno adottato strumenti che regolano tali trasferimenti in conformità con le leggi applicabili, comprese le clausole contrattuali standard applicabili adottate dalla Commissione europea. Ciascun fornitore e/o terza parte adotta misure tecniche e organizzative appropriate per la protezione dei dati personali.
Nel contesto specifico dell'autenticazione e della gestione dell’Olympic ID si ricorda che Milano Cortina 2026 e il CIO sono contitolari del trattamento e hanno concordato misure tecniche e organizzative per la protezione dei dati raccolti e trattati.
I vostri diritti sui vostri dati
L'utente ha i seguenti diritti sui propri dati:
Il diritto di ottenere la conferma che sia o meno in corso un trattamento di dati che vi riguardano e, in tal caso, il diritto di accedere a tali dati, nonché il diritto di ottenere maggiori informazioni su tale trattamento;
Il diritto di rettificare i dati inesatti;
In alcuni casi specifici, il diritto di ottenere la cancellazione di alcuni dati personali;
In alcuni casi specifici, il diritto alla portabilità dei vostri dati: diritto di ricevere i dati che ci avete fornito e/o diritto di chiederci di trasmetterli a un altro responsabile del trattamento, se il trattamento è basato sul vostro consenso o su un contratto e il trattamento è automatizzato;
Il diritto di limitare il trattamento in alcuni casi;
Il diritto di opporsi al trattamento dei vostri dati, per motivi legati alla vostra situazione particolare, o, indipendentemente dalla vostra situazione particolare, il diritto di opporsi all'utilizzo dei vostri dati per scopi di marketing;
Il diritto di revocare il consenso in qualsiasi momento, senza pregiudicare la liceità del trattamento se basato sul consenso, per quanto riguarda i trattamenti soggetti al consenso.
Per esercitare i propri diritti, è sufficiente scrivere all'indirizzo
privacy@milanocortina2026.org
e allegare, se del caso, copia del proprio documento di riconoscimento in corso di validità e comprovare la propria richiesta.
Si ricorda che Milano Cortina 2026 può, in conformità alla normativa, rifiutare l'accoglimento di alcune richieste relative ad alcuni di questi diritti (in particolare il diritto alla cancellazione), per motivi legittimi, per garantire l’erogazione di un servizio attivato in precedenza (ad esempio, l’acquisto di un biglietto, la presentazione di una candidatura sulla piattaforma Team26) o laddove sussista la necessità di far valere in giudizio un proprio diritto.
Inoltre, è possibile presentare un reclamo all'Autorità di controllo italiana per la protezione dei dati personali, come previsto dall'articolo 77 del GDPR, o adire l’autorità giudiziaria (articolo 79 del GDPR).
Per quanto riguarda il trattamento dei vostri dati personali nell’ambito dell’Olympic ID, l’utente può contattare Milano Cortina 2026 all'indirizzo e-mail sopra indicato o il CIO attraverso il
portale dedicato
.
Si prega di notare che
cancellando il proprio profilo
su una piattaforma di Milano Cortina 2026, l’Olympic ID sarà conservato. È possibile gestire l'Olympic ID attraverso il
portale dedicato
.
Infine, se l’utente desidera far valere i propri diritti presso i soggetti – che agiscono quali titolari autonomi del trattamento - cui i dati sono stati comunicati dal Titolare, potrà contattarli secondo quanto indicato nelle rispettive politiche sulla privacy.
Data ultimo aggiornamento: 29/01/2025
Worldwide Olympic and Paralympic Partners
Olympic and Paralympic Premium Partners
Olympic and Paralympic Partners
Olympic and Paralympic Sponsors
Official Supporters
Official Hospitality Provider
Potrebbe interessarti:
CIO
IPC
CONI
CIP
Paris 2024
LA 2028
Brisbane 2032
Iscriviti alla Newsletter
Entra nella Digital Community Fan26 e ricevi tutte le news e gli aggiornamenti dal mondo di Milano Cortina 2026.
Iscriviti
Assicurati
i biglietti