Privacy
We value it
At Glitch Games, we take privacy very seriously. Simon and Graham don’t even work in the same office as each other, we take it that seriously! We feel that level of privacy should extend to our players as well as the users of this very website, that’s you!
In particular, we want you to know that we are not in the business of selling, renting, or trading email lists with other companies.
We are in the business of selling games, and that’s already hard enough. The business of selling email lists is apparently very cutthroat and we’re just not built for that sort of work.
However, incase you don’t believe us, or just like reading, below is our Privacy Policy that contains all the important details on what we do collect and why.
Cookies
We may use cookies on our websites to collect session information. A cookie is a small amount of data, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier that is sent to your browser from a web site’s computers and stored on your computer’s hard drive. Cookies may be required to use website. Please feel free to block the use of cookies, however we can’t be held responsible if the website looks a bit funny after you do.
Google Analytics
When someone visits www.glitchgames.co.uk we use a third party service, Google Analytics, to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. This information is only processed in a way which does not identify anyone. We do not make, and do not allow Google to make, any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our website.
Corona Analytics
All of our games are developed with the Corona SDK from Corona Labs and as such some data is collected by them however it is anonymised and aggregated, please see their
privacy policy
for more information.
Newsletter
As part of the registration process for our e-newsletter, we collect personal information, but only if you’ve provided it. We use that information for a couple of reasons: to tell you about stuff you’ve asked us to tell you about; to contact you if we need to obtain or provide additional information; to check our records are right and to check every now and then that you’re happy and satisfied. We don’t rent or trade email lists with other organisations and businesses.
We use a third-party provider,
Revue
, to deliver our newsletter. We gather statistics around email opening and clicks using industry standard technologies to help us monitor and improve our e-newsletter. For more information, please see
Revue’s privacy notice
. You can unsubscribe to general mailings at any time of the day or night by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any of our emails. You must be at least 16 years of age to signup to our newsletter.
Access to your personal information
You are entitled to view, amend, or delete the personal information that we hold. Email your request to Graham at
graham@glitchgames.co.uk
Changes to this Privacy Notice
This Privacy Policy was last updated at 12:34 UTC on Thursday the 29th November, 2019.
TL;DR
We don’t sell or share your private info, we barely even collect it.
About Us
We are Glitch Games, where glitches are only part of the story.
We believe that some of the greatest things around were created by accident, just look at sticky notes and the slinky. So at Glitch we embrace – no encourage – accidents, glitches and bugs of all nature, we then turn the best of these into features.
Glitch Games Ltd is a company registered in England and Wales with company number 7926093.
Recent Posts
Glitch+ Is Now Available
Introducing Glitch Plus – The New Home of Glitch Games
A Fragile Mind – Out Now!
Recursion Is Now Available On Mobile
Another Tomorrow, Incoherence, and Station 117 are coming to the Nintendo Switch!
Bluesky
The remaster of Forever Lost: Episode 1 is coming very soon!
youtu.be/u1Sn13dMW9Y
With huge thanks to @giaaband.bsky.social for allowing the use of their music.
Forever Lost: Episode 1 Remaster - Coming Soon!
YouTube video by Glitch Games - The Home Of Adventure Games
2/25/2025, 2:55:30 PM
0
1
Other Stuff
Privacy Policy
Press Contact
Newsletter Signup
Email*
Glitch Games Ltd is a company registered in England and Wales with company number 7926093.
Copyright © 2012 - 2025 Glitch Games Ltd. All rights reserved.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://coronalabs.com/privacy-policy-for-app-users/:
Page not found
Looks like you’ve followed a broken link or entered a URL that doesn’t
          exist on this site.
If this is your site, and you weren’t expecting a 404 for this path,
          please visit Netlify’s
“page not found” support guide
for troubleshooting tips.