Privacy policy
Effective date: October 2, 2013
Introduction
Please read the following to learn more about the KIDSTATIC APPS Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy is prepared to describe our practices regarding the Personal Information (please see below) which is collected from users through our website, www.kidstatic.net (“Site”), mobile and tablet applications (“Applications”) and services made available via the Site and Applications (“Services”).
This Privacy Policy will apply whether you are a “Visitor” (which means that you simply browse the Services) or a “Subscriber” (which means you have downloaded one of our Applications). Visitors and Subscribers are individually referred to as a “User” and collectively as “Users”.
A note about our Applications
Our Applications are made to be used by children and parents. Our Site is made for parents. We care about the privacy of children and do not knowingly collect any information about children in the Applications. If you are under 13, you are not permitted to register to or download the App and should not send us any personal information.
Types of data we collect
For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “personal data” means personally identifiable information that specifically identifies a User as an individual. “Non-personal data” means information that does not directly identify a User. Additionally, non-personal data means “aggregate” and “de-personalized” information, which is data KIDSTATIC APPS collects about the use of the KIDSTATIC APPS Service, from which any personally identifiable data has been removed.
Information you provide to us
We collect information you give when seeking technical support through our Services. If you choose to opt-in for our newsletter we may collect your email address so we can send you information about products and services. You may opt-out by contacting us at privacy@kidstatic.net if you do not wish to receive this information.
Information Automatically Collected.
On the Site, we automatically log information about you and your computer. For example, when visiting our Site, we log ‎ your computer operating system type,‎ browser type,‎ browser language,‎ the website you visited before browsing to our Site,‎ pages you viewed,‎ how long you spent on a page,‎ access times,‎ Internet protocol (IP) address and information about your use of and actions on our Site.
Cookies
. On the Site, we may log information using “cookies.” Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive by a website. Cookies help us make our Site and your visit better. We use cookies to see which parts of our Site people use and like and to count visits to our Site.
Web Beacons
. We may log information using digital images called Web beacons on our Site or in our emails. We use Web beacons to manage cookies, count visits, and to learn what marketing works and what does not. We also use Web Beacons to tell if you open or act on our emails.
Analytic Services
. We may use third party analytics services such as Google Analytics to collect information about how you use and interact with our Site. Such third party analytics services may use cookies to gather information such as the pages you visited, your IP address, a date/time stamp for your visit and which site referred you to the Site. We use these analytics services to help us analyze how people use the Site, to improve the Site, and to customize the content users see based upon their interests. For more information about how Google Analytics uses this information, please refer to its privacy policies made available on its website.
In the Applications
We do not automatically record any information from the Applications themselves, except that we may use analytical services, as described above, solely within parental accounts.
Use of Personal Information
We use your personal information as follows:
We use your personal information to operate, maintain, and improve our sites, products, and services.
We use your personal information to respond to comments and questions and provide customer service.
We use your personal information to communicate about promotions, upcoming events, and other news about products and services offered by us and our selected partners.
Sharing of Personal Information
We may share personal information as follows:
We may share personal information with your consent. For example, you may let us share personal information with others for their own marketing uses. Those uses will be subject to their privacy policies.
We may share personal information when we do a business deal, or negotiate a business deal, involving sale or transfer of all or a part of our business or assets. These deals can include any merger, financing, acquisition, or bankruptcy transaction or proceeding.
We may share personal information for legal, protection, and safety purposes.
We may share information to comply with laws.
We may share information to respond to lawful requests and legal process.
We may share information to protect the rights and property of KIDSTATIC APPS., our agents, customers, and others. This includes enforcing our agreements, policies, and terms of use.
We may share information in an emergency. This includes protecting the safety of our employees and agents, our customers, or any person.
We may share information with those who need it to do work for us.
We may also share aggregated and/or anonymised data with others for their own uses.
Contact information
Please contact us at privacy@kidstatic.net if you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy.
Changes to Privacy Policy
We may change this Privacy Policy. If changes are made the date below will be updated.
The Privacy Policy was updated August 21 2024.
Please check the Privacy Policy at www.kidstatic.net/privacy periodically for any changes.