Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy Policy
Last Update : 13 Sep 2021
This Privacy Policy is provided in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy and privacy-related concerns. This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason; each version will apply to information collected while it was in place. Time to time updates and modifications may be made available on
Noonus Ltd.
and you are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes.
The following sets forth
Noonus Ltd
's information gathering, use and dissemination practices. If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy or our use of your personally identifiable information, please contact us at noonusapp@gmail.com.
Information We Collect about You :
We don’t have a Registration/Login Process, so we don’t store any personal information on our server.
We Collect Only your email name when you decide to email our developers for Feedback/Bug Report/New Features Request. We collect that information to solve bugs or improve our service. The email will be used for contacting you to improve our service. We will never use that information for any other purpose, such as to further market our products, or to disclose your personal information to a third party for commercial gains.
Monetization Partner :
The App uses Admob (Adsense) as a Monetitation partner. Admob wants to show ads that are relevant to you. For more details about Admob, please check here :
https://support.google.com/admob/answer/1620064?hl=en&ref_topic=2745287
Permission :
The app will ask you for permission before using the application. Below are details of that permission:
1) Camera Access: Users can take a photo with phone camera and edit.
2) Photo Library Access: Users can choose photos from the photo library and save after editing.
A Special Note About Children.
Children are not eligible to use our services and we ask that minors do not submit any personal information to us. If you are a minor, you can use this service only in conjunction with your parents or guardians. If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with personal identifiable Information, we will delete such information from our files. We use your email address and, in rare situations your mailing address or phone number, to contact you regarding administrative notices from time to time.
Cookies
We use "cookie" technology to collect non-personal website usage data and to improve the Site and our service. Cookies are files a web site can use to recognize repeat users, and allow a web site to track web usage behavior. Cookies take up minimal room on your computer and cannot damage your computer’s files. We may use both session cookies and persistent cookies to better understand how you interact with the
Noonus Ltd.
web site and services, to monitor aggregate usage by our users and web traffic routing on the website, and to improve the web site and our services. A session cookie enables certain features of the site and our service and is deleted from your computer when you disconnect from or leave
Noonus Ltd
. A persistent cookie remains after you close your browser and may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to
Noonus Ltd.
Persistent cookies can be removed by following your web browser help file directions. Most Internet browsers automatically accept cookies. You can instruct your browser, by editing its options, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit.
Information Sharing Disclosure
Noonus Ltd.
does not sell or rent personal information about its customers to any third parties at this time. In the event
Noonus Ltd.
does engage in such commerce in the future, you will have an opportunity to remove yourself from any such lists prior to your inclusion therein by emailing us at noonusapp@gmail.com. Please exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information. This web site also contains links to other web sites.
Noonus Ltd. is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites.
Noonus Ltd.
uses third-party advertising companies to serve ads and the third-party advertising companies may use non-personally identifiable information about a user’s visits to
Noonus Ltd.
in order to provide advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to users.
Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement
Noonus Ltd.
cooperates with all law enforcement inquires and with all third parties to enforce their intellectual property or other rights. We may disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate to respond to claims, legal process (including subpoenas), to protect the property and rights of Our App or a third party, the safety of the public or any person, to prevent or stop any illegal, unethical, or legally actionable activity, or to comply with the law.
Noonus Ltd.
takes your privacy concerns very seriously. If you still have concerns about privacy issues after reading this Privacy Policy, please contact us at noonusapp@gmail.com. This Privacy Policy is effective as of November 13 , 2018. This Privacy Policy is not intended to and does not create any contractual or other legal rights in or on behalf of any party. We reserve the right, at any time and without notice, to add to, change, update or modify this Privacy Policy, simply by posting such change, update or modification on the Site. Any such change, update or modification will be effective immediately upon posting on the Site.
Google Sites
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it