Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy for Petralex Products and Services
Your privacy on the Internet is of the utmost importance to us. We want to make your experience online satisfying and safe. Because we gather certain types of information about our users, we feel you should fully understand our policy and the terms and conditions surrounding the capture and use of that information. The information you provide is safeguarded. This Privacy Policy discloses what information we gather and how we use it. Petralex would like to provide you with information about the processing of your personal data for the use of the services provided to you as a result of your use of the Petralex applications and website (hereinafter: “the Service”).By your use of Petralex Services, including the use of our website and (mobile phone) applications (our “Site” and “Applications”), you consent to the processing of your personal data, if any, for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy.Please review the below information. By entering our website or registering for and/or using our products and services you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy and authorize Petralex to disclose the information as described below.
Using a microphone
We need AUDIO RECORD PERMISSION from your device for capturing the sounds around you and play it through the headphone as like as a hearing aid device. We don't collect any of your personal information as we respect your privacy
Collection and use of information
When you register with us and use the Application and our web-site, you generally provide
(a) your name, email address, phone number, state and zip code, location, age, period of hearing loss, model of your mobile phone and OS version, user name, passwords related to the application and other registration information; 
(b) transaction-related information, such as when you make purchases, respond to any offers, or download or use applications from us; 
(c) information you provide us when you contact us for help; 
(d) credit card information for purchase and use of the Application.
Petralex uses the information we collect to provide you with our products and services and to respond to your questions. We also use the information for editorial and feedback purposes, for marketing and promotional purposes, to inform advertisers as to how many visitors have seen or clicked on their advertisements, and to customize the content and layout of Petralex web-site and application. We also use the information we collect for statistical analysis of users' behavior, for product development, for content improvement, to ensure our products and services remain functioning and secure. Individually identifying information, such as names, postal and e-mail addresses, phone numbers, and other personal information which visitors voluntarily provide to Petralex may be added to Petralex databases and used for future calls and mailings regarding site updates, new products and services.
As you navigate through and interact with our Website, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns, including:Details of your visits to our Website, including traffic data, location data, logs and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Website; Information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system and browser type; The Website may use "cookies" and other technologies such as pixel tags and web beacons. Petralex uses cookies to track user traffic patterns. Information Petralex gathers through aggregated tracking is used to determine which areas of our sites users like and don't like based on traffic to those areas. We do not track what individual users read, but rather how well each page performs overall. We collect this information in order to determine how to create the best experience for our customers. We may track search terms entered in our Search function as one of many measures of what interests our users, but this tracking is never associated with an individual user. You can refuse cookies by turning them off in your browser.
We collect personal data during the installation procedure of the Applications and your setting up/configuration of your profile with Petralex. We subsequently process (technical) information about your sense of hearing by our hearing test, that is required to optimize personal hearing loss compensation, in order to provide you with the Service. The results of your audiometry are stored on your phone  and can be sorted in apple’s health-kit system. You can choose to give or deprive  us permission to  provide your audiogram to audiology professional in your area for further evaluation  and recommendations.  Based on your choice you can receive push notification of hearing related service.If your communication requests a response from us, we may send you a response via e-mail. The e-mail response or confirmation may include your personal information, including your name, address, etc. We cannot guarantee that our e-mails to you will be secure from unauthorized interception.
Providing information to third parties
We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement.We may disclose User Provided and Automatically Collected Information:
as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process;
when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;
with our trusted services providers who work on our behalf, do not have an independent use of the information we disclose to them, and have agreed to adhere to the rules set forth in this privacy statement.
to advertisers and third party advertising networks and analytics companies as described in the section below.
How Petralex Uses Information
Petralex  uses the information we collect and receive to administer and operate the Services and to customize them for you. For example, we use your audiogram information to provide you with hearing analysis and comparison to other users in your age group or location.  We may send you push notification based on your hearing level. (You may always opt out from receiving push notifications. )
We use the information we collect about you to customize your experience. We also use the information we collect to process payments, provide support related to the Services, protect members and, promote safety, and to communicate with you (including to send marketing communications) where you have agreed to receive such messages and notifications.
We also use the information we collect to analyze, develop and improve the Services. We may also use the information we collect to market and promote the services and activities on Petralex, and other commercial products or services. This includes customizing your Petralex experience. For example, if we see that according your audiogram and Petralex usage patterns, you would benefit from audiologist visit. We may show you audiology clinics in your area. If we see that you are listening to audio with higher than average (to your hearing loss level) volume setting, we may recommend  you a hardware solution ( special headphones  ) that will help reduce the stress on your years in high noise environment.  Petralex  may aggregate the information you and others make available in connection with the Services and post it publicly or share it with third parties. To do this, we remove certain account information, such as your name, photos and any other personal information, and combine the resulting information with similar information from other Petralex users.  Examples of the type of information we may aggregate in this way include information about hearing loss levels, age group  and hearing APP usage in different location and situations.   If you object to Petralex  using your information for these purposes, you have an option to opt out from sharing this information. We will not provide your information to 3ed party advertisers or analytics companies.
Access and correction of information
You may contact us if you wish to view, edit, or delete your personal information from our database, and we will use commercially reasonable efforts to accommodate your request. You may also contact us if you believe that any inaccurate or inappropriate information has been obtained or provided to others through your use of this Website.
Links to other sites and services
The Petralex Websites may contain links to other sites that are not under our control. These Websites have their own policies regarding privacy. You should review those policies when visiting the Websites. Petralex has no responsibility for linked websites and is not responsible for the content of any such site. Petralex provides these links solely for the convenience and information of our visitors.
Security
Petralex operates secure data networks protected by industry standard firewall and password protection systems. Our security and privacy policies are periodically reviewed and enhanced as necessary and only authorized individuals have access to the information provided by our customers. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the Internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Website. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk.
Full agreement
The Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy constitute the sole and entire agreement between you and Petralex with respect to the application and the Website and supersede all prior and contemporaneous understandings, agreements, representations and warranties, both written and oral, with respect to the Website and application.
Policy amendment
Petralex approaches Internet communications with a strong commitment to individual privacy rights and concerns. As the Internet evolves, our policy will continue to change and develop. We therefore reserve the right to amend this Privacy Policy at any time with or without prior notice. Please check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of the sites following any changes to this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such changes.
Collection of personal data from children
To the extent Prtralex is able to determine the age of users by their submissions to or communications with Petralex Website, Petralex will not knowingly (i) collect or post information from individuals under the age of 13 ("children") without their parent's or guardian's consent, or (ii) provide any personally identifying information collected from children, regardless of its source, to any third party for any purpose whatsoever. No information collected through Petralex website from users self-identified as children will knowingly be used for any marketing or promotional purposes whatsoever, either inside or outside Petralex.
Shelf life of personal data
We keep your personal data for as long as we provide the Services to you.
Contacts
info@petralex.pro