PRIVACY POLICY
[Last updated on: July 18th, 2022]
Attachment 1 to App Terms & Conditions (TC)
Defnitions
"App"
– This mobile application.
"TC"
– These terms & conditions. Available via App in downloadable version
"Developer"
– the App owner: Apps & Games Malgorzata Kuratczyk, operating as the "Galante" brand
"Appstore"
– Apple Appstore, Google Play, Amazon Appstore or any other appstore, which makes App available via the Internet.
"Contract"
– Contract between the User and the Developer concluded via the Appstore.
"You" or "User"
– natural person who uses the App.
"Privacy policy"
– rules of data processing, enclosed to these TC and available via App.
Word of introduction
We support the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) and other frameworks like the EU General Data Protection Regulation (together, the GDPR), which approve the protection of children and their data. Our goal is to gather as minimum information gathered from kids as possible, while leting them active participation with the trustworthy entertainment with education elements. 
            We use advertising in our apps cause advertising funds our Services and enables us to make our Games available free of charge.
Data policy
The Developer processes personal data only upon the User’s expressed consent. In such case the Developer is a data controller. For avoidance of doubt, if no express consent is requested or granted by the User no personal data is processed by the Developer.
The Developer may collect non-personal information about your use of the Platforms to help us improve our services or for other purposes as described in this Privacy Policy.
What data we do collect:
Approximate location: for analytics purposes, fraud prevention, security, and compliance, for Advertising purposes
App info & performance info: for analytics purposes, fraud prevention, security, and compliance, for Advertising purposes
App activity: for analytics purposes, fraud prevention, security, and compliance, for Advertising purposes
Device or other IDs: for analytics purposes, fraud prevention, security, and compliance, for Advertising purposes
Use of Non-Personal information and of Aggregate Information.
Aggregate information or Non-Personal information could be shared with:
Third parties that provide services to us to better refine the improvement of the apps or to understand the client's behavior in a clearer way (ie:
Google Analytics
);
Advertisers, publishers, business partners, sponsors, and other third parties (ie:
AdMob
);
If the personal data is processed by the Developer, the processing takes place in compliance with binding provisions of law and rules stipulated in the TC. The User has a right to access his/her personal data and to correct and update the data.
Without express consent of the User the Developer is authorised to divulge personal data to entities empowered to receive them pursuant to binding provisions of law, including above all competent judicial institutions.
The App does not use cookies. Cookies may be used by the Developer’s website in accordance with the Developer’s privacy policy.
POLITYKA PRYWATNOŚCI
Załącznik nr 1 do Warunków korzystania z Aplikacji (Warunków)
     
        Wszystkie wyrażenia pisane w niniejszej Polityce Prywatności z wielkiej litery należy rozumieć tak jak zostały zdefiniowane w Warunkach.
Słowo wstępu:
Popieramy Ustawę o ochronie prywatności dzieci w Internecie (COPPA) i inne polityki, takie jak Ogólne rozporządzenie UE o ochronie danych (łącznie RODO), które zatwierdzają ochronę dzieci i ich danych. Naszym celem jest zebranie jak najmniejszej ilości informacji od dzieci, a jednocześnie umożliwienie im aktywnego uczestnictwa z godną zaufania rozrywką z elementami edukacyjnymi.
                Używamy reklam w naszych aplikacjach, aby zapewnić finansowanie naszych Usług i umożliwić nam bezpłatne udostępnianie naszych Gier.
Polityka
Deweloper przetwarza dane osobowe Użytkowników na podstawie ich wyraźnej zgody. W takim przypadku Deweloper jest administratorem tych danych. W celu uniknięcia wątpliwości, jeżeli nie została udzielona przez Użytkownika wyraźna zgoda na przetwarzanie danych osobowych, dane te nie są przetwarzane przez Dewelopera.
Deweloper może gromadzić dane nieosobowe na temat korzystania przez Użytkownika z aplikacji, aby pomóc nam ulepszać działanie naszych usług lub do innych celów opisanych w niniejszej Polityce prywatności.
Jakie dane zbieramy:
Przybliżona lokalizacja: do celów analitycznych, zapobiegania oszustwom, bezpieczeństwa i zgodności, do celów reklamowych
Informacje o aplikacji i informacje o wydajności: do celów analitycznych, zapobiegania oszustwom, bezpieczeństwa i zgodności, do celów reklamowych
Aktywność w aplikacji: do celów analitycznych, zapobiegania oszustwom, bezpieczeństwa i zgodności, do celów reklamowych
Identyfikatory urządzenia lub inne: do celów analitycznych, zapobiegania oszustwom, bezpieczeństwa i zgodności, do celów reklamowych
Wykorzystanie danych nieosobowych i danych zbiorczych. Informacje zagregowane lub dane nieosobowe mogą być udostępniane:
Stronom trzecim, które świadczą Deweloperowi usługi w celu lepszego udoskonalenia aplikacji lub zrozumienia zachowania klienta w jaśniejszy sposób (np.
Google Analytics
);
Reklamodawcom, wydawcom, partnerom biznesowym, sponsorom i innym osobom trzecim (tj.
AdMob
);
W przypadku przetwarzania przez Dewelopera posiadanych przez niego danych, przetwarzanie to będzie następować zgodnie z powszechnie obowiązującymi przepisami prawa oraz zasadami określonymi w Warunkach. Użytkownikowi przysługuje prawo wglądu do jego danych osobowych oraz ich poprawiania oraz aktualizowania.
Deweloper jest uprawniony do ujawniania, bez wyraźnej zgody Użytkownika, danych osobowych podmiotom uprawnionym do ich otrzymywania na podstawie obowiązujących przepisów prawa, w tym, przede wszystkim, właściwym organom wymiaru sprawiedliwości.
Aplikacja nie korzysta z plików cookies. Pliki cookies mogą być wykorzystywane przez strony Dewelopera, zgodnie z jej polityką prywatności.
My cart's content
Billing address
Shipping address
Payment method
Confirm order