TreeView
Search
Find Records
Find written records of your ancestors
Map Explorer
Historic maps with geo-referenced datasets
Image Archive
A vast collection of historic images
News & Articles
News
DYA Magazine
Articles
User's Stories
Reviews
Shop
Basket
Subscriptions
Family History Shop
Help & More
Video Tutorials
FAQs
Research Guide
Contact Us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Log In
Email
Password
Forgot Password?
Keep me signed in
?
Log In
New Customer?
Sign Up Here
Privacy Policy
TheGenealogist is owned and operated by Genealogy Supplies (Jersey) Ltd, PO Box 530, Jersey JE4 8XX. We are committed
	to protecting your privacy and we will only use the information that we collect about you in accordance with this
	privacy policy and the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
1. What information do we collect from you and why?
When you register, subscribe, make a purchase or take out a trial with TheGenealogist we collect the following
	personal information from you:
Your name
Your email address
Your billing address
Your telephone number (optional)
A password (this is provided by you when you create an account with TheGenealogist)
User Provided Content (such as when you upload or create a family tree on TreeView)
Social Media Information (when you connect TreeView to Facebook to either log in or build a tree, you can choose
		to include your Facebook information to help you build your family tree.)
If placing a DNA order, we will also ask for the above details of the person who will take the DNA test (if they
		are different), along with their gender.
Through using the website and our services, we also collect the following technical information:
The IP address of your device (such as your computer, tablet or mobile phone)
Details of your web browser
Information from cookies stored in your browser. Cookies are saved on your computer to enable shopping and
		ordering procedures, but no personal information will be stored in or transmitted via cookies. We also use
		cookies to analyse the performance of our website, to help improve your experience.
We only collect information about you that is required to fulfill your subscription or purchase, for prevention of
	unauthorised access to your account and for improving our website and services we provide.
By creating an account on TheGenealogist you are agreeing to our Terms and Conditions and this Privacy Policy by
	ticking the acceptance box on the registration page. By agreeing to this, you are telling us that you consent to us
	collecting, processing, and sharing your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy.
You can check that the information we hold about you is accurate and up-to-date by logging into your account or
contacting us
. If you find any inaccuracies you can amend them in your account,
	or you can let us know and we will delete or correct them promptly (within 7 working days). The personal information
	we hold is stored securely, in accordance with our internal security policy and the law.
2. How do we use your personal information?
We only use your personal information for the following reasons:
To authenticate access to your account (when you log in to the website).
To process your order - for DNA tests, this includes us sending your name and email address on to our testing
		partner, Family Tree DNA. We or the supplier may contact you in connection with your order, such as
		clarification of an address.
To provide you with customer service following an order.
If you opt-in to our newsletter, we will use your email address to send you regular updates, news and offers
		from Genealogy Supplies (Jersey) Ltd, S&N British Data Archive Ltd and their associated brands. You can opt-out
		of this at any time by going to your account or clicking the "Unsubscribe" link at the bottom of any marketing
		email.
We will securely hold your personal information for your convenience in your account unless you ask us to remove
	these details. You can request that we remove your details from TheGenealogist at any time by
contacting us
, we will then initiate this for you. Please be aware that if you do
	wish to close your account, we may need to retain certain information to resolve disputes and comply with our legal
	obligations and tax requirements.
We will not pass your personal information on to a third party or use it for marketing other than as stated in this
	privacy policy.
3. Are your details shared with others?
Your personal information is stored on our secure server, please be assured that this does not get passed on to any
	third parties except in the following circumstances:
Service Providers - Our sister company S&N British Data Archive Ltd provide certain services for us, such as
		customer support. They are under contractual obligation to protect your personal data and only process it in
		accordance with this privacy policy and the GDPR.
Payment Processors - Card details are entered directly into our secure card payment processor Braintree or on
		some occasions PayPal (if you select this option for payment) or Barclaycard EPDQ. We never receive or have
		access to your full payment details - the payment provider stores card details securely for the purpose of
		processing payments and refunds.
Analytics Providers - We use analytic services to help us improve our website and your experience. We do not
		send these providers your personal data, but they can use certain technical data, such as your IP address which
		is anonymised.
4. How secure is your information?
We store all personal information on our secure servers, these have both technical and physical safeguards in place
	to protect against inappropriate access, loss or misuse of data. While we cannot guarantee that this will not
	happen, our security team regularly review our security practices, updating them as necessary to help ensure the
	integrity of your information.
To help protect against your personal information from being misused or accessed, it is important that you use a
	strong password for your account that you have not used elsewhere. The UK Government's CyberAware Campaign has some
	good advice on picking passwords.
If you have any queries regarding this policy, please
contact us
.