PRIVACY POLICY WITH REFERENCE TO UE GDPR 2016/679
Dear User,
according to European Regulation 2016/679 we are pleased to inform you how we treat the information we collect.
Purposes of data processing
We do not collect any Personal data from you when you download and / or use our application.
We may require some permissions when you interact with our app, so that you can use the function which our app provides. In particular, we may require access to the camera to read a QR code, to the system settings to setup a WiFi connection and to images gallery to select images to transfer.
Personal data, images only, will be used only to fulfill services requested by you.
Images will be used to process the products you select on the kiosk device directly related with the app.
Images will be transferred from your device (smartphone) to the kiosk device in the shop.
You are free to refuse your consent. However, this will prevent execution of requested services.
Data collected
We don’t post your data to a server.
We guarantee that we do not collect any personal information.
Cookies
We do not use cookies in this app.
Data processing
Your personal data will only be transferred to the kiosk device which released the QR code used to start the service.
Your personal data will not be transferred to other devices or servers.
Images will be stored in the kiosk device for the time needed to fulfill requested services.
Please check store privacy policy for kiosk device data processing information.
Data erasure
There are no personal information data collected by the app so there is no need for you to ask for erasure of data.
Changes to our privacy policy
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change, modify or otherwise alter this Policy at any time.  We will post any privacy policy changes on this page, so please review it periodically.
This document is made on March 2021.
Contact us
For any question on FIT Engineering personal data management, please send an email to: contact@fiteng.net
We kindly invite you to ask shop staff for any other information related to treatment of your personal data.