Greenfly Privacy Policy
Last Updated: July 21, 2022.
Greenfly, Inc. (“Greenfly,” “we,” “our” or “us”) respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it through our
    compliance with this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, use and share information about you as well as your rights and choices
    about such collection, use and sharing, and applies to this website as well as the services offered by Greenfly,
    whether via any other website controlled by Greenfly (“+Engage”) or Greenfly’s mobile application (the
    “Application”) (collectively, the “Services”).
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how
    we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use the Services. By
    accessing or using the Services, you agree to this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy may change from time to time (see Changes to this Privacy Policy). Your continued use of the
    Services after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check this Privacy Policy
    periodically for updates. If you have any questions about our privacy practices, please contact us as set forth in
    the Contact us section below.
1. What information do we collect and how do we use it?
1.1 User Provided Information
We collect certain information you provide when you download, register and/or use the Services.
A Greenfly customer (the “Principal”) that has established an account with Greenfly may invite you to use the
    Services to create and share requested content (“Content”). To register to use the Application, you generally
    provide: (a) your name, email address, and password, along with an invitation code sent to you by the Principal. At
    your option, you may edit your Greenfly profile to add a profile photo, a brief biography and/or social media
    usernames. We will also collect: (a) information you provide when you request our help, and (b) Content you generate
    when using the Services.
The Principal may use your personal information to: (a) contact you from time to time; (b) manage your use of the
    Services; (c) attribute Content to you; and (d) provide you with important information and required notices.
Please note that any use of your personal information by the Principal is governed strictly by your relationship with
    the Principal and the Principal’s own privacy policy, if any. Greenfly is not responsible for, and disclaims any
    liability regarding, the Principal’s use of any your personal information obtained via the Services or otherwise.
    You make your personal information available to the Principal at your own risk.
1.2 Automatically Collected Information
The Application may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile
    device you use, your mobile device's unique device ID, the IP address of your mobile device or even perhaps a cookie
    we use (see “cookies” below) that may contain information that could be deemed identifiable; your mobile operating
    system, the type of mobile Internet browsers you use, and information about the way you use the Services.
The Services may also use a technology known as “cookies”. A cookie is a piece of information that a web application
    server sends to your computer or mobile device (specifically, to your browser file) when you access a website. Then
    when you come back to the website, one of the Greenfly servers will detect whether you have one of the Greenfly
    cookies on your computer. The Greenfly cookies help provide additional functionality to the web-based portal and
    help us analyze website usage more accurately. For instance, the Greenfly website may set a cookie on your browser
    that keeps you from needing to remember and then enter a password more than once during a visit to the website.
2. Does the Application collect precise real-time location information of the device?
The Application does not collect precise information about the location of your mobile device.
3. Does the Principal see and/or have access to information obtained by the Services?
The Principal will see and have access to the Content. The Principal may also make the Content available to certain
    third parties, including its distributors of Content, such as cable broadcasters, websites, radio stations,
    broadcast television stations, mobile app providers, and other Content distribution partners and platforms.
The Principal also has access to the names, email addresses and optional personal profile information of individuals
    using the Services on the Principal’s behalf. The Principal will be able to contact its registered users of the
    Services, by push notification on their mobile devices, and via email generated by the Services. The Principal will
    not have access to non-public contact information beyond information on how to contact individuals through the
    Application. By way of example, the Principal will not have access to mobile phone numbers. Additionally, anonymized
    data is periodically transmitted to external services to help with improving the Services. Your information will
    only be shared with third parties in the ways that are described in this Privacy Policy.
4. How is your information shared?
Greenfly may disclose your personal information as follows:
To the Government or Law Enforcement.
We may share your personal information to comply with requests by law enforcement or governmental authorities or
    where Greenfly is subject to any other legal obligation to disclose the information sought.
To Agents, Partners or Contractors.
We may share your personal information with our agents, contractors or partners in connection with services that
    these individuals or entities perform for us. These agents, contractors or partners are restricted from using your
    personal information in any way other than to provide services to us. We may, for example, provide your information
    to our agents, contractors or partners for hosting databases, for data processing services or so that they can mail
    you information that you requested.
To a Purchaser, Assignee or Transferee of Our Business.
We may provide your personal information to a third party in connection with, or during negotiations of, any proposed
    or actual merger, purchase, sale or any other type of acquisition or business combination of all or any portion of
    our assets, or transfer of all or a portion of our business to another business.
To the General Public.
In addition to the above, Content is created with the understanding that it will be shared by the Principal with the
    public via television or cable broadcast, posting on another Internet website, or via any other means (see the
    Greenfly Terms of Service). The user who generated the Content may be identifiable and often identified when the
    Content is distributed.
5. What are my opt-out and other rights?
You can stop all collection of information by the Services easily by uninstalling the Application. You may use the
    standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application
    marketplace or network. You can also request to opt-out via email at
privacy@greenfly.com
.
If you use the Services in the European Economic Area ("EEA"), you may have additional rights as follows:
You have the right to access, correct or delete information we hold about you, including any information held on the
    Services. To the extent permitted by applicable law, any requests to exercise such rights may be subject to a small
    fee to meet the costs in providing you with details of the information we hold about you. Should you wish to access
    the information held about you on the Services, please contact Greenfly at:
Greenfly Privacy Compliance
100 Wilshire Blvd. Suite 700
Santa Monica, CA 90401, USA
privacy@greenfly.com
If you have a complaint or dispute regarding this Privacy Policy or our processing of your personal data, and you are
    not satisfied by our response, you have the right to lodge a complaint with your supervisory authority.
You have rights in relation to the personal data we hold about you. Some of these only apply in certain
    circumstances. We have described these situations below, as well as how you can exercise your rights. To exercise
    any of your rights, please contact us at
privacy@greenfly.com
.
Access:
You have the right to ask us to access the personal data we hold about you and be provided with
    certain information about how we use your personal data and who we share it with.
Correction:
You also have the right to ask us to correct your personal data where it is inaccurate or
    incomplete.
Portability:
Where you have provided your personal data to us under contract, you have the right to ask us
    to share (port) this data to another data controller in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format.
Erasure:
In certain circumstances, you have the right to ask us to delete the personal data we hold about you.
Restriction:
In certain circumstances, you have the right to ask us to restrict (stop any active) processing
    of your personal data, save for storage.
Objection:
In certain circumstances, you have the right to restrict or object to our processing of your
    personal information (e.g. where you request correction or erasure, you also have a right to restrict processing of
    your applicable data while your request is considered). You can object to our processing of your personal data based
    on our legitimate interests and we will no longer process your personal data unless we can demonstrate an overriding
    legitimate ground.
In addition, you have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner's Office or other applicable data
    protection supervisory authority.
Please note that these rights are limited, for example, where fulfilling your request would adversely affect other
    individuals or company trade secrets or intellectual property, where there are overriding public interest reasons or
    where we are required by law to retain your personal data.
6. Links to other Sites
The Greenfly website may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks,
    advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have
    their own privacy policies and we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check
    these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
7. Data Retention Policy
We will retain your personal information on the Services for as long as you use the Services and for a reasonable
    time thereafter. When the Principal’s account with Greenfly is terminated or cancelled, we will retain automatically
    collected information on the Services for up to six (6) months and thereafter may store it in an aggregated and
    anonymized format.
8. Children
The Services are not directed at children under the age of 13, and Greenfly does not solicit data from or market to
    children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with
    information without their consent, he or she should contact Greenfly at
privacy@greenfly.com
.
If you use the Services in the EEA and you are between 13 and 16 years old on the day you sign up, you may have to
    get your parents' or guardian's consent.
9. Security
Greenfly is concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information provided or obtained via the
    Services. The Services are designed with physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information
    which is processed and maintained by us. For example, we limit access to your information to authorized employees
    and contractors who need to know your information in order to operate, develop or improve the Services. Please be
    aware that, while we endeavor to provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security
    system can prevent all potential security breaches.
10. Changes to this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any material changes to
    the Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy at https://www.greenfly.com/privacypolicy and informing you via
    email or text message, and updating the “Last Updated” date above to indicate when those changes were made. You are
    advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all
    changes. If you do not agree with the modifications to the Privacy Policy, then please do not access or use the
    Services.
11. Where we store your information
Greenfly is a U.S. company. The information that the Services collect from you will be transferred to, and stored at,
    and processed in the United States, where the laws regarding processing of personal information may be less
    stringent than the laws in your country. By providing your information, you consent to such transfer and
    processing.
12. Contact us
If you have any questions or comments regarding this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, please contact us via
    email at
privacy@greenfly.com
.