Reset password
Please enter your E-mail address and we will send you a link to reset your password by email immediately.
An email has been sent to the provided E-mail address. Make sure you check your Spam email folder just in case your email service provider has redirected it there.
E-mail
Reset password
The email address is not correct!
An email has been sent to the provided E-mail address. Make sure you check your Spam email folder just in case your email service provider has redirected it there.
Log in
Create account
Incorrect E-mail address or Password
E-mail
Password
Forgotten your password?
Log in
Tradeinn Retail Services as the data controller will process your data in order to manage registered users on our website and process your order, as well as the sending of advertising related to the products and services. You can access, rectify and delete your data, as well as exercise other rights by consulting the additional and detailed information on data protection in our
Privacy Policy
.
First Name
Last name
E-mail
Repeat E-mail
Password
* Passwords must be at least 6 characters long.
Confirm password
This email address already exists
I have read and accept the conditions contained in the
Privacy Policy
on processing of my data to manage my order
I wish to receive newsletters about exclusive promotions.
Create account
Tradeinn Retail Services as the data controller will process your data in order to manage registered users on our website and process your order, as well as the sending of advertising related to the products and services. You can access, rectify and delete your data, as well as exercise other rights by consulting the additional and detailed information on data protection in our
Privacy Policy
.
Shipping to
Language:
English
Select a country
Language:
English
Español
English
Français
Deutsch
Italiano
Portugués
Svenska
Nederlands
简体中文
Polski
한국어
日本語
Ελληνικά
Dansk
Norsk
Suomi
Català
Pусский
Help & Contact
Returns
Smart Shopping
by tradeinn
Shipping to
Sign in
My account
0
Product successfully added to your basket
View basket
Continue shopping
Back to PC configurator
There´s nothing in your basket right now.
Total quantity:
Order subtotal
€
All
tradeinn
CATEGORIES
All
BRANDS
My orders
About you
My wish list
Sign out
About us
Our values
Our partners
Other shops
Computers, electronics and more to keep up to date with the latest technology.
Explore our home, garden & DIY catalogue. This will save you time, money, and energy!
Find the best deals. Great discounts on the best brands.
Hot Deals!
Other shops
All
BRANDS
Help & Contact
Returns
Menu
New!
Use a photo to find your product
New!
Use a photo to find your product
Filters
Filters
Categories
Brands
Size
Homepage
Privacy Policy (Website/App)
Privacy Policy (Website/App)
Data Controller
The company responsible for processing your data according to this Privacy Policy is:
TRADEINN RETAIL SERVICES
NIF: B17527524
Address: C/ Pirineus, 9 17460 - Celrà (GIRONA)
E-mail address: lopd@tradeinn.com
Website: www.tradeinn.com
Telephone no.: +34 93 220 00 89
Registered in the Companies Register Girona - Tomo 1123 / Folio 108 / Hoja GI20086 - Inscripción 1ª
At TRADEINN RETAIL SERVICES, we recognise the importance of protecting your personal information and we are committed to processing it responsibly and in compliance with the data protection laws.
The purpose of this privacy policy is to regulate all the aspects relating to the processing of data of the different users browsing the website or providing their personal details on the different forms to be found on it.
Personal Data
Personal Data is the information that identifies you or may identify you. Through the website, in the boxes that are stablished for that purpose, it is collected the personal data that the user provides us: Name, surname, email, telephone number, postal code, city, etc. In addition, it is collected all the personal data that the user voluntarily provides us through any of the social networks, of which the user is registered. In this case, the privacy settings will depend on both the configuration that the user established as well as the terms and conditions of the social network itself.
When a User visits the website, this does not mean that he/she has to provide any information about his/her personal data. However, if such information is provided, the data will be processed lawfully and subject at all times to the principles and rights contained in the GDPR 2016/679 of 27 April 2016 and the LOPDGDD 3/2018 of 5 December.
With the API, we only collect and search for the ID of a particular video, the ID is stored in our database located in google cloud with in transit encryption.
We do not collect data with the Youtube API.
The customer information for shipping the purchased products we collect is as follows:
-Name
-Address
-Phone
-Email
-Cookie preferences
Additionally we may use non-personal information such as :
- The type of browser you use
- The operating system you use
The information is stored in our google cloud databases, stored with an intrasit encryption. These data will be kept as long as the user does not request deregistration and for the time established by law with a minimum duration of 3 years.
In google Cloud we make several backups daily.
How do we use your information?
We use the information you provide to us to send you advertising and promotional communications. We may combine the information we collect from you and use it for purposes consistent with this privacy policy, subject to your additional consent in the case of advertising. Once you have consented to such combination of information, at any time, you will be given the opportunity to opt-out of receiving advertising about Tradeinn or any of its stores.
Purpose, duration and legitimation of the processing:
We will process the data provided to us by the user for the following purposes:
- To deal with the user’s application or request made using the contact form on the website. We collect and process the user’s personal data to enable us to process and manage his/her application, query or any request made using said form. We will keep these data for the time necessary to comply with the request and for the time established by law, with a minimum duration of 3 years. The basis for legitimation of the data processing will be the consent granted by the user when checking the box for acceptance of our privacy policy before sending the request. The user has the right to revoke his/her consent at any time, without this affecting the lawfulness of the processing based on the consent given prior to it being withdrawn.
- To manage the experiences or opinions regarding the products and/or services through the user opinions that will be published on the website, and thereby help other users. The only personal data that will be published in relation to the user opinion will be the user’s name and town/city. We will keep the data given to us for as long as the user does not request that they be revoked, and for the time established by law, with a minimum duration of 3 years. The basis for legitimation of the data processing will be the consent granted by the user when registering using the form provided for this purpose on the website and checking the box for acceptance of our privacy policy before sending the request.
- To deal with and manage the purchase made by the user using the purchase form on the website. We collect and process the user’s personal data to enable us to process the order and subsequent payment for the products and services offered on the website. We will keep these data for the duration of the contractual relationship between the parties and for the time established by law for compliance with the tax obligations. The basis for legitimation of the data processing will be the performance of a contract of sale to which the data subject is a party. If the user does not provide his/her personal data, it will not be possible to manage his/her purchase and the requested service cannot be provided.
- To save the abandoned shopping cart and remind the user that they have left a product in the shopping cart, in case they had initiated a purchase by entering their email address. The personal data will be kept at the moment the user adds the selected product to the shopping cart until the moment he confirms it for a period not exceeding five days. The ground of lawfulness for the processing of the personal data will be the legitimate interests of the Controller for facilitating as much as possible the purchase of the product to which the user has shown interest by adding it to the cart.
- To send circulars and newsletters about TRADEINN RETAIL SERVICES products. When we have the user’s consent, we collect and process his/her personal data to send him/her information about our products and services. We will keep these data for as long as the user does not revoke his/her consent to them being processed, for the time established by law and for a minimum duration of 3 years. The basis for legitimation of the data processing will be the consent granted by the user when checking the box for acceptance of our privacy policy before subscribing to the newsletter in the form provided for this purpose on the website. The user has the right to revoke his/her consent at any time, without this affecting the lawfulness of the processing based on the consent given prior to it being withdrawn.
- To manage the CV/résumé sent by the data subject using the form provided for this purpose, and include it in the database of company candidates. These data will be kept for a maximum of one year, after which time the data will be blocked for the time established by law, with a guarantee that confidentiality will be fully respected both in their processing and subsequent destruction. The legitimate basis for managing and processing the data subject’s CV/résumé is his/her consent; this is given by carrying out the affirmative action of sending it and checking the box for acceptance of our privacy policy prior to it being sent. The user has the right to revoke his/her consent at any time, without this affecting the lawfulness of the processing based on the consent given prior to it being withdrawn.
- To register as a “registered user” on the registration form on the website, which will allow the user to access his/her private services area and be informed of our activities; this will enable us to send him/her by any electronic medium commercial communications about the new features of our services. We will keep these data for as long as the user does not request cancellation of his/her registration, and for the time established by law, with a minimum duration of 3 years. The basis for legitimation of the data processing will be the consent granted by the user when registering with the registration form and checking the box for acceptance of our privacy policy before sending the request. The user has the right to revoke his/her consent at any time, without this affecting the lawfulness of the processing based on the consent given prior to it being withdrawn.
-  To improve the user experience when browsing the website. We will keep these data for as long as the user does not revoke his/her consent to them being processed by deleting the cookies, for the time established by law and for a minimum duration of 3 years. The legitimate basis for improving website browsing is the consent given by the user when accepting the cookies. The user has the right to revoke his/her consent at any time, without this affecting the lawfulness of the processing based on the consent given prior to it being withdrawn.
- To manage our social networks and send users information about our activities and products. We will keep these data for as long as the user does not revoke his/her consent to them being processed, for the time established by law and for a minimum duration of 3 years. The legitimate basis for managing our social networks and sending users our activities and new features is the consent we are given to do so. The user has the right to revoke his/her consent at any time, without this affecting the lawfulness of the processing based on the consent given prior to it being withdrawn.
- To manage the "Customer Service" chat service offered on our website for any questions concerning our services/products. With the aim of constantly improve the quality of our customer service, we record the history of the chat under the analysis and improvement purposes. These records are deleted once evaluated and having met the time established by law with a minimum duration of 3 years. The lawful ground for the processing is the consent of the data subject granted to us for the use of the service. The user has the right to revoke their consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of the processing based on the consent prior to its withdrawal.
- Manage the sending of satisfaction surveys based on the purchase of the product or service requested to improve on a daily basis the experience of our customers. The personal data will be deleted once the survey has been concluded as well as the reasonable time to make improvements, activate new services and meet the requirements established by the current applicable law. The processing of your personal data will be based on the legitimate interest to improve the quality of the service when the user has purchased products and/or services. In the absence of such a contractual activity, the processing of personal data will be based on the user’s consent set forth in the current regulations in force. Additionally, if you withdraw your consent to any of the processing, this will not affect the lawfulness of the processing conducted previously.
- To manage communication via Whatsapp that TRADEINN RETAIL SERVICES makes available to users in order to meet their needs and concerns. The fact of using the WhatsApp application as a means of communication implies an international transfer of data, although the servers of the Whatsapp application for EU users are located in Ireland, communications with US servers could be given. The RESPONSIBLE is the sole recipient of the data and will only have access to the name, phone number and conversations contributed to the chat. The use of the information contained in the chat for other purposes is strictly prohibited. With regard to data retention, the history of communications that are necessary for the purpose described above will be kept for the duration of the communication. In addition, when the other party decides to revoke consent for communication through the application, all conversations must be deleted immediately, except if their conservation is required by a legal obligation or for the legitimate defense of the user, in which case, all information must be blocked and its treatment must be limited as long as liabilities may arise from it. The basis of legitimacy is the consent you give us for use of the service. The user has the right to revoke his consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of the processing based on the consent prior to its withdrawal.
Assignment or communication of personal data and international transfers:
At TRADEINN RETAIL SERVICES we process your data within the European Economic Area and generally we have service providers located within the European Economic Area or in countries determined to have an adequate level of data protection.
If we need to use service providers which carry out processing outside the European Economic Area or in countries not determined to have an adequate level of data protection, we will ensure that your data is processed in a secure and legitimate manner on the basis of adequacy decisions, standard data protection clauses, binding corporate rules, exceptions or any other instrument approved by the supervisory authority that offers adequate guarantees for the international transfer of data.
In this regard, we inform you that in order to carry out the purposes of the processing, TRADEINN RETAIL SERVICES will subcontract the HOSTING services to GOOGLE CLOUD PLATFORM whose servers are located in the USA. However, this provider has standard contractual clauses, in accordance with article 46 of the RGPD, which legitimise the international transfer of personal data.
Updating of data
In order for us to keep the personal data up to date, the user must always inform us of any change in said data; if this is not done, we cannot be liable for the veracity of the data.
The user guarantees that the personal data provided are true, and guarantees that all the information provided corresponds to reality, is up to date and is accurate. He/she is obliged to communicate any modification thereto.
Third Party Data
If the user provides third party data for any purpose to TRADEINN RETAIL SERVICES, he/she guarantees that he/she has obtained these data lawfully, has informed the affected parties in advance, has obtained his/her consent to communicate them, and that the information provided is accurate and true.
Compulsory nature of the information requested
All our forms have an asterisk (*) to indicate which details are compulsory. If the user does not complete these fields, or does not check the privacy policy box, the information will not be sent.
Use of passwords
In order to access your account, the user must "Log in" and include the email address and password generated in the registration form according to the complexity rules established at each moment on the web.
The users are responsible for the adequate custody and confidentiality of any identifiers and/or passwords that they have selected in the registration from, and they undertake not to assign their use to third parties, nor to allow their access to outsiders.
Likewise, it will be the obligation of the user to notify immediately to the Controller any fact that allows the misuse of the identifiers and/or passwords, such as theft, loss, or unauthorized access to them, in order to proceed to its immediate cancellation.
Rights of data subjects
You have the right to access your data and obtain confirmation regarding the processing thereof, as well as a copy of the personal data being processed. You have the right to update them and request that any inaccurate data be corrected, or request removal of the data when they are not necessary for the purposes for which they were collected. You may request a restriction in the processing of your data and object to them being processed by revoking your consent, and also exercise your right to data portability. Similarly, you have the right not to be the subject of decisions based solely on the automated processing of your personal data. You may exercise your rights by contacting us C/ Pirineus, 9 - 17460 Celrà (Girona). E-mail: lopd@tradeinn.com. If you consider that your rights have not been duly respected, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Spanish Data Protection Agency www.aepd.es.
Processing of the data of Minors
Anyone providing data through the forms on this website and accepting the processing of such states that he/she is at least 14 years old. Access to, and use of the website is prohibited for anyone younger than 14. If, at any time, the Data Controller detects that a person younger than 14 years of age has provided personal data, we will cancel said data. In addition, parents or tutors may in any event write to TRADEINN RETAIL SERVICES to block any access account created by minors in their charge who have registered by falsifying their identity.
Social Networks
The object of social tools such as Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, etc. or other social networks is to give visibility and dissemination of the activities that take place in our organization. These social tools store personal data in the servers of the corresponding services and are governed by their own privacy policy. It is recommended to review and read the conditions of use and the privacy policy of the social network at the time of registration, taking into account the different configuration"s possibilities regarding the privacy of the user’s profile in the social network. In addition, the Controller reserves the right to erase from its social networks any published information by third-parties that trespasses the legality, encourages to infringe it or contains messages that infringe upon human dignity or institutions. Likewise, the Controller reserves the right to block or report the author"s profile of such content.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file that is downloaded and stored on the user’s computer when he/she access a website. Cookies allow the website, amongst other things, to store and recover information on the browsing habits of the user or of his/her computer and, depending on the information they contain and the way in which you use your computer, they may be used for user recognition.
The user has the option to prevent the generation of cookies, by selecting the corresponding option in his/her browser program. You can obtain more information by reading our cookies policy.
Information you provide indirectly
This policy informs the user that Tradeinn makes exclusive use of the YouTube API internally, as an online resource to which our website can link or refer to otherwise (Third-party services), in this case to share videos on the website that contain solely and exclusively product information. Therefore you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of Youtube:
Terms and conditions Youtube
, Google privacy policy:
Privacy policy
and services of Youtube API:
Terms and YouTube API conditions
. Learn more about how Google treats personal information: https://business.safety.google/privacy/
Tradeinn don"t assumes responsibility for the content of third party service practices, therefore we recommend that you carefully review the privacy policies of any third party service that you may access.
WhatsApp
+34 663 922 716
¡Subscribe to the newsletter!
YOUR SUBSCRIPTION HAS BEEN CONFIRMED
Thank you very much for subscribing. You already have everything ready to receive exclusive offers and news that will make your day.
See you soon
E-mail
First Name
Last name
I have read and accept the conditions contained in the
Privacy Policy
on processing of my data to send me the newsletter
The email address is not correct!
This email address already exists
Subscribe to our newsletter
Tradeinn Retail Services as the data controller will process your data for the purpose of sending you our commercial newsletters about our services and products. You can access, rectify and delete your data, as well as exercise other rights by consulting the additional and detailed information on data protection in our
Privacy Policy
.
Your cookie settings
At Tradeinn, we use both our own and third-party cookies to conduct a thorough analysis of our services and provide you with advertisements tailored to your individual preferences based on your browsing habits.
You can configure cookies according to your preferences by clicking on the "Cookies Settings" button. This allows you to choose which types of cookies to enable or disable. You can also reject all cookies or accept all cookies.
For more details, please visit our
Cookies Policy
and our
Privacy Policy
Cookies Settings
Reject All
Accept All Cookies
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Social Media Cookies
These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools.
Back Button
Back
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 1
https://www.tradeinn.com/en/privacy/st:
Reset password
Please enter your E-mail address and we will send you a link to reset your password by email immediately.
An email has been sent to the provided E-mail address. Make sure you check your Spam email folder just in case your email service provider has redirected it there.
E-mail
Reset password
The email address is not correct!
An email has been sent to the provided E-mail address. Make sure you check your Spam email folder just in case your email service provider has redirected it there.
Log in
Create account
Incorrect E-mail address or Password
E-mail
Password
Forgotten your password?
Log in
Tradeinn Retail Services as the data controller will process your data in order to manage registered users on our website and process your order, as well as the sending of advertising related to the products and services. You can access, rectify and delete your data, as well as exercise other rights by consulting the additional and detailed information on data protection in our
Privacy Policy
.
First Name
Last name
E-mail
Repeat E-mail
Password
* Passwords must be at least 6 characters long.
Confirm password
This email address already exists
I have read and accept the conditions contained in the
Privacy Policy
on processing of my data to manage my order
I wish to receive newsletters about exclusive promotions.
Create account
Tradeinn Retail Services as the data controller will process your data in order to manage registered users on our website and process your order, as well as the sending of advertising related to the products and services. You can access, rectify and delete your data, as well as exercise other rights by consulting the additional and detailed information on data protection in our
Privacy Policy
.
Shipping to
Language:
English
Select a country
Language:
English
Español
English
Français
Deutsch
Italiano
Portugués
Svenska
Nederlands
简体中文
Polski
한국어
日本語
Ελληνικά
Dansk
Norsk
Suomi
Català
Pусский
Help & Contact
Returns
Smart Shopping
by tradeinn
Shipping to
Sign in
My account
0
Product successfully added to your basket
View basket
Continue shopping
Back to PC configurator
There´s nothing in your basket right now.
Total quantity:
Order subtotal
€
All
tradeinn
CATEGORIES
All
BRANDS
My orders
About you
My wish list
Sign out
About us
Our values
Our partners
Other shops
Computers, electronics and more to keep up to date with the latest technology.
Explore our home, garden & DIY catalogue. This will save you time, money, and energy!
Find the best deals. Great discounts on the best brands.
Hot Deals!
Other shops
All
BRANDS
Help & Contact
Returns
Menu
New!
Use a photo to find your product
New!
Use a photo to find your product
Filters
Filters
Categories
Brands
Size
Homepage
Privacy Policy (Website/App)
Privacy Policy (Website/App)
Data Controller
The company responsible for processing your data according to this Privacy Policy is:
TRADEINN RETAIL SERVICES
NIF: B17527524
Address: C/ Pirineus, 9 17460 - Celrà (GIRONA)
E-mail address: lopd@tradeinn.com
Website: www.tradeinn.com
Telephone no.: +34 93 220 00 89
Registered in the Companies Register Girona - Tomo 1123 / Folio 108 / Hoja GI20086 - Inscripción 1ª
At TRADEINN RETAIL SERVICES, we recognise the importance of protecting your personal information and we are committed to processing it responsibly and in compliance with the data protection laws.
The purpose of this privacy policy is to regulate all the aspects relating to the processing of data of the different users browsing the website or providing their personal details on the different forms to be found on it.
Personal Data
Personal Data is the information that identifies you or may identify you. Through the website, in the boxes that are stablished for that purpose, it is collected the personal data that the user provides us: Name, surname, email, telephone number, postal code, city, etc. In addition, it is collected all the personal data that the user voluntarily provides us through any of the social networks, of which the user is registered. In this case, the privacy settings will depend on both the configuration that the user established as well as the terms and conditions of the social network itself.
When a User visits the website, this does not mean that he/she has to provide any information about his/her personal data. However, if such information is provided, the data will be processed lawfully and subject at all times to the principles and rights contained in the GDPR 2016/679 of 27 April 2016 and the LOPDGDD 3/2018 of 5 December.
With the API, we only collect and search for the ID of a particular video, the ID is stored in our database located in google cloud with in transit encryption.
We do not collect data with the Youtube API.
The customer information for shipping the purchased products we collect is as follows:
-Name
-Address
-Phone
-Email
-Cookie preferences
Additionally we may use non-personal information such as :
- The type of browser you use
- The operating system you use
The information is stored in our google cloud databases, stored with an intrasit encryption. These data will be kept as long as the user does not request deregistration and for the time established by law with a minimum duration of 3 years.
In google Cloud we make several backups daily.
How do we use your information?
We use the information you provide to us to send you advertising and promotional communications. We may combine the information we collect from you and use it for purposes consistent with this privacy policy, subject to your additional consent in the case of advertising. Once you have consented to such combination of information, at any time, you will be given the opportunity to opt-out of receiving advertising about Tradeinn or any of its stores.
Purpose, duration and legitimation of the processing:
We will process the data provided to us by the user for the following purposes:
- To deal with the user’s application or request made using the contact form on the website. We collect and process the user’s personal data to enable us to process and manage his/her application, query or any request made using said form. We will keep these data for the time necessary to comply with the request and for the time established by law, with a minimum duration of 3 years. The basis for legitimation of the data processing will be the consent granted by the user when checking the box for acceptance of our privacy policy before sending the request. The user has the right to revoke his/her consent at any time, without this affecting the lawfulness of the processing based on the consent given prior to it being withdrawn.
- To manage the experiences or opinions regarding the products and/or services through the user opinions that will be published on the website, and thereby help other users. The only personal data that will be published in relation to the user opinion will be the user’s name and town/city. We will keep the data given to us for as long as the user does not request that they be revoked, and for the time established by law, with a minimum duration of 3 years. The basis for legitimation of the data processing will be the consent granted by the user when registering using the form provided for this purpose on the website and checking the box for acceptance of our privacy policy before sending the request.
- To deal with and manage the purchase made by the user using the purchase form on the website. We collect and process the user’s personal data to enable us to process the order and subsequent payment for the products and services offered on the website. We will keep these data for the duration of the contractual relationship between the parties and for the time established by law for compliance with the tax obligations. The basis for legitimation of the data processing will be the performance of a contract of sale to which the data subject is a party. If the user does not provide his/her personal data, it will not be possible to manage his/her purchase and the requested service cannot be provided.
- To save the abandoned shopping cart and remind the user that they have left a product in the shopping cart, in case they had initiated a purchase by entering their email address. The personal data will be kept at the moment the user adds the selected product to the shopping cart until the moment he confirms it for a period not exceeding five days. The ground of lawfulness for the processing of the personal data will be the legitimate interests of the Controller for facilitating as much as possible the purchase of the product to which the user has shown interest by adding it to the cart.
- To send circulars and newsletters about TRADEINN RETAIL SERVICES products. When we have the user’s consent, we collect and process his/her personal data to send him/her information about our products and services. We will keep these data for as long as the user does not revoke his/her consent to them being processed, for the time established by law and for a minimum duration of 3 years. The basis for legitimation of the data processing will be the consent granted by the user when checking the box for acceptance of our privacy policy before subscribing to the newsletter in the form provided for this purpose on the website. The user has the right to revoke his/her consent at any time, without this affecting the lawfulness of the processing based on the consent given prior to it being withdrawn.
- To manage the CV/résumé sent by the data subject using the form provided for this purpose, and include it in the database of company candidates. These data will be kept for a maximum of one year, after which time the data will be blocked for the time established by law, with a guarantee that confidentiality will be fully respected both in their processing and subsequent destruction. The legitimate basis for managing and processing the data subject’s CV/résumé is his/her consent; this is given by carrying out the affirmative action of sending it and checking the box for acceptance of our privacy policy prior to it being sent. The user has the right to revoke his/her consent at any time, without this affecting the lawfulness of the processing based on the consent given prior to it being withdrawn.
- To register as a “registered user” on the registration form on the website, which will allow the user to access his/her private services area and be informed of our activities; this will enable us to send him/her by any electronic medium commercial communications about the new features of our services. We will keep these data for as long as the user does not request cancellation of his/her registration, and for the time established by law, with a minimum duration of 3 years. The basis for legitimation of the data processing will be the consent granted by the user when registering with the registration form and checking the box for acceptance of our privacy policy before sending the request. The user has the right to revoke his/her consent at any time, without this affecting the lawfulness of the processing based on the consent given prior to it being withdrawn.
-  To improve the user experience when browsing the website. We will keep these data for as long as the user does not revoke his/her consent to them being processed by deleting the cookies, for the time established by law and for a minimum duration of 3 years. The legitimate basis for improving website browsing is the consent given by the user when accepting the cookies. The user has the right to revoke his/her consent at any time, without this affecting the lawfulness of the processing based on the consent given prior to it being withdrawn.
- To manage our social networks and send users information about our activities and products. We will keep these data for as long as the user does not revoke his/her consent to them being processed, for the time established by law and for a minimum duration of 3 years. The legitimate basis for managing our social networks and sending users our activities and new features is the consent we are given to do so. The user has the right to revoke his/her consent at any time, without this affecting the lawfulness of the processing based on the consent given prior to it being withdrawn.
- To manage the "Customer Service" chat service offered on our website for any questions concerning our services/products. With the aim of constantly improve the quality of our customer service, we record the history of the chat under the analysis and improvement purposes. These records are deleted once evaluated and having met the time established by law with a minimum duration of 3 years. The lawful ground for the processing is the consent of the data subject granted to us for the use of the service. The user has the right to revoke their consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of the processing based on the consent prior to its withdrawal.
- Manage the sending of satisfaction surveys based on the purchase of the product or service requested to improve on a daily basis the experience of our customers. The personal data will be deleted once the survey has been concluded as well as the reasonable time to make improvements, activate new services and meet the requirements established by the current applicable law. The processing of your personal data will be based on the legitimate interest to improve the quality of the service when the user has purchased products and/or services. In the absence of such a contractual activity, the processing of personal data will be based on the user’s consent set forth in the current regulations in force. Additionally, if you withdraw your consent to any of the processing, this will not affect the lawfulness of the processing conducted previously.
- To manage communication via Whatsapp that TRADEINN RETAIL SERVICES makes available to users in order to meet their needs and concerns. The fact of using the WhatsApp application as a means of communication implies an international transfer of data, although the servers of the Whatsapp application for EU users are located in Ireland, communications with US servers could be given. The RESPONSIBLE is the sole recipient of the data and will only have access to the name, phone number and conversations contributed to the chat. The use of the information contained in the chat for other purposes is strictly prohibited. With regard to data retention, the history of communications that are necessary for the purpose described above will be kept for the duration of the communication. In addition, when the other party decides to revoke consent for communication through the application, all conversations must be deleted immediately, except if their conservation is required by a legal obligation or for the legitimate defense of the user, in which case, all information must be blocked and its treatment must be limited as long as liabilities may arise from it. The basis of legitimacy is the consent you give us for use of the service. The user has the right to revoke his consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of the processing based on the consent prior to its withdrawal.
Assignment or communication of personal data and international transfers:
At TRADEINN RETAIL SERVICES we process your data within the European Economic Area and generally we have service providers located within the European Economic Area or in countries determined to have an adequate level of data protection.
If we need to use service providers which carry out processing outside the European Economic Area or in countries not determined to have an adequate level of data protection, we will ensure that your data is processed in a secure and legitimate manner on the basis of adequacy decisions, standard data protection clauses, binding corporate rules, exceptions or any other instrument approved by the supervisory authority that offers adequate guarantees for the international transfer of data.
In this regard, we inform you that in order to carry out the purposes of the processing, TRADEINN RETAIL SERVICES will subcontract the HOSTING services to GOOGLE CLOUD PLATFORM whose servers are located in the USA. However, this provider has standard contractual clauses, in accordance with article 46 of the RGPD, which legitimise the international transfer of personal data.
Updating of data
In order for us to keep the personal data up to date, the user must always inform us of any change in said data; if this is not done, we cannot be liable for the veracity of the data.
The user guarantees that the personal data provided are true, and guarantees that all the information provided corresponds to reality, is up to date and is accurate. He/she is obliged to communicate any modification thereto.
Third Party Data
If the user provides third party data for any purpose to TRADEINN RETAIL SERVICES, he/she guarantees that he/she has obtained these data lawfully, has informed the affected parties in advance, has obtained his/her consent to communicate them, and that the information provided is accurate and true.
Compulsory nature of the information requested
All our forms have an asterisk (*) to indicate which details are compulsory. If the user does not complete these fields, or does not check the privacy policy box, the information will not be sent.
Use of passwords
In order to access your account, the user must "Log in" and include the email address and password generated in the registration form according to the complexity rules established at each moment on the web.
The users are responsible for the adequate custody and confidentiality of any identifiers and/or passwords that they have selected in the registration from, and they undertake not to assign their use to third parties, nor to allow their access to outsiders.
Likewise, it will be the obligation of the user to notify immediately to the Controller any fact that allows the misuse of the identifiers and/or passwords, such as theft, loss, or unauthorized access to them, in order to proceed to its immediate cancellation.
Rights of data subjects
You have the right to access your data and obtain confirmation regarding the processing thereof, as well as a copy of the personal data being processed. You have the right to update them and request that any inaccurate data be corrected, or request removal of the data when they are not necessary for the purposes for which they were collected. You may request a restriction in the processing of your data and object to them being processed by revoking your consent, and also exercise your right to data portability. Similarly, you have the right not to be the subject of decisions based solely on the automated processing of your personal data. You may exercise your rights by contacting us C/ Pirineus, 9 - 17460 Celrà (Girona). E-mail: lopd@tradeinn.com. If you consider that your rights have not been duly respected, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Spanish Data Protection Agency www.aepd.es.
Processing of the data of Minors
Anyone providing data through the forms on this website and accepting the processing of such states that he/she is at least 14 years old. Access to, and use of the website is prohibited for anyone younger than 14. If, at any time, the Data Controller detects that a person younger than 14 years of age has provided personal data, we will cancel said data. In addition, parents or tutors may in any event write to TRADEINN RETAIL SERVICES to block any access account created by minors in their charge who have registered by falsifying their identity.
Social Networks
The object of social tools such as Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, etc. or other social networks is to give visibility and dissemination of the activities that take place in our organization. These social tools store personal data in the servers of the corresponding services and are governed by their own privacy policy. It is recommended to review and read the conditions of use and the privacy policy of the social network at the time of registration, taking into account the different configuration"s possibilities regarding the privacy of the user’s profile in the social network. In addition, the Controller reserves the right to erase from its social networks any published information by third-parties that trespasses the legality, encourages to infringe it or contains messages that infringe upon human dignity or institutions. Likewise, the Controller reserves the right to block or report the author"s profile of such content.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file that is downloaded and stored on the user’s computer when he/she access a website. Cookies allow the website, amongst other things, to store and recover information on the browsing habits of the user or of his/her computer and, depending on the information they contain and the way in which you use your computer, they may be used for user recognition.
The user has the option to prevent the generation of cookies, by selecting the corresponding option in his/her browser program. You can obtain more information by reading our cookies policy.
Information you provide indirectly
This policy informs the user that Tradeinn makes exclusive use of the YouTube API internally, as an online resource to which our website can link or refer to otherwise (Third-party services), in this case to share videos on the website that contain solely and exclusively product information. Therefore you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of Youtube:
Terms and conditions Youtube
, Google privacy policy:
Privacy policy
and services of Youtube API:
Terms and YouTube API conditions
. Learn more about how Google treats personal information: https://business.safety.google/privacy/
Tradeinn don"t assumes responsibility for the content of third party service practices, therefore we recommend that you carefully review the privacy policies of any third party service that you may access.
WhatsApp
+34 663 922 716
¡Subscribe to the newsletter!
YOUR SUBSCRIPTION HAS BEEN CONFIRMED
Thank you very much for subscribing. You already have everything ready to receive exclusive offers and news that will make your day.
See you soon
E-mail
First Name
Last name
I have read and accept the conditions contained in the
Privacy Policy
on processing of my data to send me the newsletter
The email address is not correct!
This email address already exists
Subscribe to our newsletter
Tradeinn Retail Services as the data controller will process your data for the purpose of sending you our commercial newsletters about our services and products. You can access, rectify and delete your data, as well as exercise other rights by consulting the additional and detailed information on data protection in our
Privacy Policy
.
Your cookie settings
At Tradeinn, we use both our own and third-party cookies to conduct a thorough analysis of our services and provide you with advertisements tailored to your individual preferences based on your browsing habits.
You can configure cookies according to your preferences by clicking on the "Cookies Settings" button. This allows you to choose which types of cookies to enable or disable. You can also reject all cookies or accept all cookies.
For more details, please visit our
Cookies Policy
and our
Privacy Policy
Cookies Settings
Reject All
Accept All Cookies
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Social Media Cookies
These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools.
Back Button
Back
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-policy 2
https://www.tradeinn.com/en/privacy_social/st:
Reset password
Please enter your E-mail address and we will send you a link to reset your password by email immediately.
An email has been sent to the provided E-mail address. Make sure you check your Spam email folder just in case your email service provider has redirected it there.
E-mail
Reset password
The email address is not correct!
An email has been sent to the provided E-mail address. Make sure you check your Spam email folder just in case your email service provider has redirected it there.
Log in
Create account
Incorrect E-mail address or Password
E-mail
Password
Forgotten your password?
Log in
Tradeinn Retail Services as the data controller will process your data in order to manage registered users on our website and process your order, as well as the sending of advertising related to the products and services. You can access, rectify and delete your data, as well as exercise other rights by consulting the additional and detailed information on data protection in our
Privacy Policy
.
First Name
Last name
E-mail
Repeat E-mail
Password
* Passwords must be at least 6 characters long.
Confirm password
This email address already exists
I have read and accept the conditions contained in the
Privacy Policy
on processing of my data to manage my order
I wish to receive newsletters about exclusive promotions.
Create account
Tradeinn Retail Services as the data controller will process your data in order to manage registered users on our website and process your order, as well as the sending of advertising related to the products and services. You can access, rectify and delete your data, as well as exercise other rights by consulting the additional and detailed information on data protection in our
Privacy Policy
.
Shipping to
Language:
English
Select a country
Language:
English
Español
English
Français
Deutsch
Italiano
Portugués
Svenska
Nederlands
简体中文
Polski
한국어
日本語
Ελληνικά
Dansk
Norsk
Suomi
Català
Pусский
Help & Contact
Returns
Smart Shopping
by tradeinn
Shipping to
Sign in
My account
0
Product successfully added to your basket
View basket
Continue shopping
Back to PC configurator
There´s nothing in your basket right now.
Total quantity:
Order subtotal
€
All
tradeinn
CATEGORIES
All
BRANDS
My orders
About you
My wish list
Sign out
About us
Our values
Our partners
Other shops
Computers, electronics and more to keep up to date with the latest technology.
Explore our home, garden & DIY catalogue. This will save you time, money, and energy!
Find the best deals. Great discounts on the best brands.
Hot Deals!
Other shops
All
BRANDS
Help & Contact
Returns
Menu
New!
Use a photo to find your product
New!
Use a photo to find your product
Filters
Filters
Categories
Brands
Size
Homepage
Privacy policy social networks
Privacy policy social networks
1. Information on the controller for processing of the data housed on the official website of TRADEINN RETAIL SERVICES on the social network
In compliance with the duty of information set out in Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of 27 April (GDPR) and Organic Law (ES) 3/2018, of 5 December (LOPDGDD), TRADEINN RETAIL SERVICES, hereinafter the Controller, wishes to inform users of this social network of its policy regarding the processing and protection of the personal data of those persons who voluntarily access and use the official website of the Controller therein. When users access and use this official website of the Controller, it supposes that they explicitly accept this privacy policy and provide their consent for the processing of their personal data as provided for therein.
2. Data of minors and the legally incapacitated
Access to, and registration on this social network is prohibited for those younger than fourteen (14) years of age. Similarly, those under the age of fourteen (14) are also prohibited from accessing and using the Controller’s official website therein. If the user is legally incapacitated, the Controller hereby informs him/her that the agreed assistance of his/her parent or legal guardian, or his/her legal representative, is necessary for access to and use of this official website of the Controller. The Controller shall be explicitly exempted from any liability that might arise from the use of its official website by minors and the legally incapacitated, with said liability resting with his/her legal representatives in each case.
3. Identification of the file controller’s business purpose
The user is informed that the Controller, with registered office in C/ Pirineus, 9 - 17460 Celrà (Girona), is the controller for the files and processing by means of which the user’s personal data are collected and stored as a result of said user registering with and using the Controller’s official website, on this social network, without prejudice to the processing for which the owner of the social network in which our website is found is responsible.
4. Purposes for which the personal data, information and consent are collected
The personal data provided voluntarily by the user to the Controller, through its official website, will form part of data processing for which the Controller is responsible. The purpose of said processing is to offer the user information about the Controller, by e-mail, fax, SMS, social communities, or any other electronic or physical medium, present or future, which makes it possible to send commercial communications and newsletters to subscribed users, exchange information with the Controller and other users, and establish communication with third parties.
The user is free to use the Controller’s official website, on this social network and, consequently, if the user does not agree with the processing of his/her data for said purposes, he/she must not use it or provide his/her personal data.
The user can use this, the Controller’s official website, to share texts, photos, videos and other types of information and/or content, which will be subject both to this policy and to the Standards and Conditions that apply to the Platform. The user shall be responsible for ensuring that all the content he/she publishes complies with the current legislation, this policy and the Platform Standards.
The user may only publish on this official Controller website personal data, photographs and information or other content for which he/she is the owner or proprietor or for which he/she has obtained the authorisation of third parties.
The Controller shall have the right to delete from this official website – unilaterally and with no prior communication or user authorisation – any content published by the user when he/she infringes or breaches the current legislation, the standards set out in this policy and the Platform Standards.
5. Identification of the recipients to whom the Controller is intending to transfer or communicate data
The user is informed that any information and content published on the Controller’s official website on the social network may be seen by all other users of the official website and the social network platform. Consequently, all the information and content published by the user on the Controller’s official website on this social network will be communicated to the other users by the very nature of the service.
The Controller only intends to transfer or communicate data to courts, tribunals, public administrations and competent authorities of an administrative nature that it is required to do by the current legislation.
6. Other third-party service providers
The Controller informs the user that this company is only the controller for, and guarantees the confidentiality, security and processing of the data under this policy for those user data of a personal nature that it collects via this official website on this social network; it cannot assume liability of any kind for subsequent processing and use of the personal data that might be carried out either by the owner of the social network or third-party information society service providers that might access said data through the provision of their services or the exercise of their activity, third parties establishing hyperlinks to the social network, or those controllers to whom the Controller refers users signed up to this official website via hyperlinks.
7. Quality of the data
The Controller informs users that, unless there is a legally constituted representation, no user may use the identity of another person and communicate his/her personal data; users must bear in mind at all times that they may only provide personal data corresponding to their own identity, and which must be appropriate, relevant, current, accurate and true. In any event, users must respect the privacy of third parties, whether or not the latter are users of the social network or of the Controller’s official website, on said social network.
8.Rights assisting the Data Subject
- Right to withdraw consent at any time
- Right of access, rectification, portability and erasure of your data and the right to restrict and object to them being processed.
- Right to lodge a complaint with the Supervisory Authority (agpd.es) if you consider that the processing does not comply with the current legislation.
9. Other information of interest
The Controller may modify and/or replace this policy at any time; said policy may, depending on the case, replace, complete and/or modify the one currently published here. For this reason, users must access the policies periodically in order to stay up to date.
Users may contact the Controller using the social network’s internal messaging service, or by using the following contact addresses and details:
TRADEINN RETAIL SERVICES
Carrer Pirineus, 9
17460 Celrà (Spain)
lopd@tradeinn.com
Users may also consult the standards and policies published by the owner of the social network for use thereof.
WhatsApp
+34 663 922 716
¡Subscribe to the newsletter!
YOUR SUBSCRIPTION HAS BEEN CONFIRMED
Thank you very much for subscribing. You already have everything ready to receive exclusive offers and news that will make your day.
See you soon
E-mail
First Name
Last name
I have read and accept the conditions contained in the
Privacy Policy
on processing of my data to send me the newsletter
The email address is not correct!
This email address already exists
Subscribe to our newsletter
Tradeinn Retail Services as the data controller will process your data for the purpose of sending you our commercial newsletters about our services and products. You can access, rectify and delete your data, as well as exercise other rights by consulting the additional and detailed information on data protection in our
Privacy Policy
.
Your cookie settings
At Tradeinn, we use both our own and third-party cookies to conduct a thorough analysis of our services and provide you with advertisements tailored to your individual preferences based on your browsing habits.
You can configure cookies according to your preferences by clicking on the "Cookies Settings" button. This allows you to choose which types of cookies to enable or disable. You can also reject all cookies or accept all cookies.
For more details, please visit our
Cookies Policy
and our
Privacy Policy
Cookies Settings
Reject All
Accept All Cookies
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Social Media Cookies
These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools.
Back Button
Back
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label