This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyse traffic. Your IP address and user agent are shared with Google, together with performance and security metrics, to ensure quality of service, generate usage statistics and to detect and address abuse.
Learn more
Got it
Cette politique de confidentialité décrit les informations collectées par Will Nole et Whappup Entertainment Apps via nos applications mobiles et comment nous utilisons ces informations.
Nous ne collectons pas d'informations directes avec nos applications
:
Lorsque vous téléchargez et utilisez nos applications mobiles, nous ne vous demandons aucune information.
Emplacement:
Nous n'utilisons ni ne collectons votre emplacement géographique précis.
Lorsque vous demandez de l'aide, vous pouvez nous envoyer un e-mail:
Nous utilisons les informations de support uniquement pour le support des opérations internes de nos applications. Nous ne partageons pas d'informations personnelles (telles que nom, adresse, e-mail ou numéro de téléphone) avec d'autres entreprises.
Publicité:
Nos applications utilisent des sociétés d'applications tierces pour nos applications gratuites. Nous n'autorisons pas les agences de publicité à collecter des données précises via notre service de ciblage publicitaire.
Liens vers des sites tiers:
Nous pouvons fournir des liens et / ou des connexions vers des sites Web ou des services tiers à partir de nos applications. Nous ne sommes pas responsables des pratiques de confidentialité ou du contenu de ces sites tiers.
Achats dans l'application:
Nos applications ont des achats intégrés non renouvelables dans leurs applications gratuites. Les achats intégrés non renouvelables sont des articles qui ne nécessitent que vous les achetiez une seule fois et peuvent être transférés sur plusieurs appareils autorisés avec le même compte iTunes Store.
Analytique:
Les sociétés d'analyse de nos applications peuvent accéder à des données anonymes (telles que votre adresse IP ou votre identifiant d'appareil) pour nous aider à comprendre comment nos services sont utilisés. Ils utilisent ces données uniquement en notre nom. Ils ne le partagent que sous forme agrégée; aucune donnée utilisateur individuelle n'est partagée.
Modifications de cette politique de confidentialité:
Nous pouvons modifier cette politique de confidentialité de temps à autre. L'utilisation des informations que nous collectons est soumise à la politique de confidentialité en vigueur au moment où ces informations sont collectées.
Nous contacter:
Si vous avez des questions ou des préoccupations concernant cette politique de confidentialité, veuillez nous envoyer un courriel à whappupentertainment [at] gmail [dot] com.
Dernière mise à jour le 10 avril 2021.
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy describes the information collected by Will Nole and Whappup entertainment Apps through our mobile applications and how we use that information.
We do not collect Information with our applications:
When you download and use our mobile applications, we don’t require you to provide any information.
Location:
We do not use or collect your specific geographic location.
When you request support, you may send us an email:
We use Support Information only for the support of the internal operations of our Apps. We do not share personal information (such as name, address, email or phone number) with other companies.
Advertising:
Our Apps Uses third party app companies for its free apps. We do not allow advertising companies to collect data through our service for ad targeting.
Links to Third Party Sites:
We may provide links and/or connections to third-party websites or services from our apps. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of these third-party sites.
In App Purchases:
Our Apps have Non-Replenishable In-App Purchases in their free apps. Non-replenishable In-App Purchases are items that only require you to purchase them once, and can be transferred to multiple devices authorized with the same iTunes Store account.
Analytics:
Analytics companies in our apps may access anonymous data (such as your IP address or device ID) to help us understand how our services are used. They use this data solely on our behalf. They do not share it except in aggregate form; no individual user data is shared.
Changes to this Privacy Policy:
We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. Use of information we collect is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is collected.
Contact Us:
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, please send us an email at whappupentertainment[at]gmail[dot]com.
Last updated April 10, 2021
Loading
Dynamic Views theme. Powered by
Blogger
.
Report Abuse
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://whappupentertainment.blogspot.com/2017/02/privacy-policy_7.html:
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyse traffic. Your IP address and user agent are shared with Google, together with performance and security metrics, to ensure quality of service, generate usage statistics and to detect and address abuse.
Learn more
Got it