PERSONAL DATA PROTECTION
POLICY
Last update: April 2021
INFORMATION ABOUT YOUR
PERSONAL DATA
¥  As processing manager, Playrion
processes the personal data you provided for the sole purpose of supplying and
managing the App and its different services;
¥  Only Playrion and any of its
sub-contractors have access to your personal data. Other players may also have
access to some of your personal data in the context of messaging, chat, and the
ranking on the App;
¥  With some exceptions, your personal data
is kept throughout the period of active use of your account on the App and then
archived until the end of the statutory limitation periods;
¥  You have rights regarding your personal
data. For any question or to exercise your rights, you can contact Playrion
direct by sending an email to privacy@playrion.com.
For further information
regarding the use of your personal data by Playrion, please consult this
personal data protection policy.
__________
The Airlines Manager app is a virtual
airline management and administration game (hereinafter “the App”). In the
frame of using the App and its different services, you are required to
communicate personal data to Playrion (hereinafter “Playrion”). This data is
protected by law. That is why, as processing manager, Playrion has set up
measures to protect your personal data. Please read this policy that explains
how your personal data is used by Playrion. If necessary, you can ask any
questions you may have by sending an email to privacy@playrion.com.
1- Which data may be
subject to processing by Playrion?
All the data you enter in the App or which
you generate in the frame of its use, limited to that which is strictly
necessary for the management and provision of the App and its different
services:
¥  Identification data (email, Facebook ID,
surname, first name, and profile photo associated with your Facebook profile, etc.);
¥  Data relating to your player account on
the App (player’s name, unique ID on the App, password, your company's profile,
ranking, sponsorship code, etc.);
¥  Bank details;
¥  Contributions (participation on the
App’s messaging service or chat, bug reports, reports relating to another
player, sharing of content on your social media, etc.). Some data is collected
automatically by the App:
¥  Data relating to your location, subject
to your consent;
¥  Connection and usage data (your
terminal’s make, your terminal’s operating system, your terminal’s unique ID,
IP address, date and time of connection, advertising ID, the list of apps
installed on your terminal, usage statistics, your browsing history, app error
reports, etc.). This data is necessary for the App’s good technical functioning
as well as for measuring use of the App.
Some data is
mandatory, other data is optional for accessing the App’s different services.
The
mandatory or optional nature of the personal data to be supplied is indicated
during collection. If you refuse to provide the mandatory information
requested, Playrion will not be able to process certain requests or supply
certain services.
2- Why does Playrion use
your personal data?
Playrion processes your personal data
solely for the following reasons:
¥  The creation and management of your
player account on the App. This data is necessary for the performance of the
contract (General Terms and Conditions of Use);
¥  The provision of the App and its
different services (mini-games, messaging service, chat, ranking, etc.). This
data is necessary for the performance of the contract (General Terms and
Conditions of Use);
¥  The processing of your virtual money
purchase requests (AM Coins, TravelCards and Packs). This data is necessary for
the performance of the contract (General Terms and Conditions of Use);
¥  The processing of your specific requests
(reporting a bug, reporting another player, information request, etc.). This
data is necessary for Playrion to ensure the correct use of the App and, if necessary,
reply to you (legitimate interest of Playrion);
¥  The performance of sales operations by
sending you newsletters, canvassing messages or promotional content that may be
of interest to you and allocating you a sponsorship code. This data is necessary
for Playrion to expand its sales activity (legitimate interest of Playrion);
¥  Improvement of the App and your player
experience. This data is necessary for Playrion to improve the App and its
different services, as well as in order to personalize your player experience
(legitimate interest of Playrion);
¥  The display of adverts, the measurement
of their effectiveness and the adaptation of their content according to your
use and your profile, subject to having firstly obtained your consent;
¥  Comply with legal or regulatory
obligations imposed on Playrion.
3- Who can access your
personal data?
¥  Playrion and its authorized staff;
¥  Other players can access some of your
personal data (player’s name, unique ID on the App, your airline’s name,
ranking, your airline’s profile) via the “Ranking” section of the App.
Furthermore, if you decide to exchange with other players via the App's
messaging service or chat, they will be able to access your player’s name, your
unique ID on the App, your airline’s name, as well as any personal data
communicated in your messages;
¥  Playrion’s suppliers and sub-contractors
(such as the App’s facilities management supplier, host, etc.) solely for
technical or logistical reasons;
¥  If you consent, Playrion’s partners for
advertising purposes;
¥  Administrative or legal authorities on
their request in the event of a proven infringement of the legal or regulatory
provisions;
¥  Third parties, if necessary, in a
summarized or anonymous format, in particular in the frame of a sale, merger or
restructuring of the company and only for the needs of the operation concerned
and in accordance with the obligation of confidentiality.
Your
personal data can be transferred to a country located outside the European
Union provided that, it being specified that in the event of the recipient
country being unable to ensure a level of data protection equivalent to that of
the European Union, Playrion undertakes to take all the necessary measures,
either on the basis of an adequacy decision, or in the absence of such a
decision, on the basis of appropriate guarantees, such as standard contractual
clauses, the communication of which may be obtained by sending an email to
privacy@playrion.com.
4- How long is your
personal data kept?
In general, your personal data will only be
kept for the period required for the purposes for which this data has been
collected or in order to conform to legal or regulatory requirements.
With some exceptions, Playrion keeps your personal data
until your account is deleted or in the case of it being inactive for three (3)
years and beyond, for three (3) additional years for data processed for
canvassing purposes, and ten (10) years for data kept for accounting purposes.
After this period, your personal data is archived for the statutory period of
limitation, then destroyed.
5- What are your rights
relating to your personal data?
In the frame of the use of the App, you
have rights relating to your personal data:
¥  You can request access to the personal
data that Playrion has about you and obtain a copy of it, including in
electronic format;
¥  You can request the correction,
updating, deletion of your personal data and the limitation of its processing;
¥  You can request that use of your
personal data is stopped, especially for commercial canvassing purposes;
¥  You can withdraw your consent when it
has been obtained without this withdrawal affecting the legality of prior
processing;
¥  You can communicate your “last wishes”
relating to your personal data in the event of your death (for example, its
deletion or its transmission to any person of your choice). In some cases, you
must explain to Playrion why you are exercising one of these rights and, if
necessary, justify your identity. For any question and to exercise your rights,
you can contact Playrion direct by sending an email to privacy@playrion.com. If
you are not satisfied with the answers provided, you can file a complaint with
the French Data Protection Authority (CNIL: Commission Nationale de
l'Informatique et des Libertés) via its website or by mail: 3, place de
Fontenoy - TSA 80715 - 75334 PARIS CEDEX 07. This right can be exercised at any
time free of charge, with the exception of the cost of postage if applicable,
and any support or representation costs if you decide to seek help from a
third-party for this procedure.
6- How to Delete Your Data?
If you wish to delete your account on Airlines Manager: Tycoon, developed by Playrion, follow the steps below. Rest assured, your personal data is handled with utmost care and confidentiality. To delete your account, please proceed directly through the mobile app. Once logged into your account, click on the gear icon, typically located at the top right of the screen. Then, click on the "Account Management" tab. At the bottom of the page, there is a section labeled "Delete All Your Data". Follow the instructions to permanently delete your account, as this action is irreversible and your game progress, creations, login, and password will be permanently removed.
Upon your request, we delete your entire account from our database, including your game progress, creations, login credentials, and any other personal information. For statistical purposes, we retain an anonymized version of your purchase history, which is linked to a "deleted account" and cannot be traced back to you. Some statistical data may be retained for up to 14 days for verification and debugging purposes. Your privacy and data security are our top priorities. If you have any concerns or need further assistance, please contact our support team.