Privacy Policy - GameDigits Ltd
If you have any queries about our products.
If you have any questions or concerns about our products, please contact us:
GameDigits@GameDigits.co.uk
We collect but do not link personal and activity data.
We use technologies like cookies (small files stored by your browser), web beacons, or unique device identifiers to anonymously identify your computer or device so we can deliver a better experience. Our systems also log information like your browser, operating system and IP address.
We also may collect personally identifiable information that you provide to us, such as your name, address, phone number or email address. With your permission, we may also access other personal information on your device, such as your phone book, calendar or messages, in order to provide services to you. If authorised by you, we may also access profile and other information from services like Facebook.
Our systems are not designed to associate personal information with your activities (such as pages you view or things you click on or search for).
We do not knowingly contact or collect personal information from children under 13. If you believe we have inadvertently collected such information, please contact us so we can promptly obtain parental consent or remove the information.
Our service does not currently recognise the "Do Not Track" signal that may be available in some web browsers.
We do not store or share your precise location.
We do not use or collect your precise geographic location.
You can request to see your personal data.
You can sign into your account to see any personally identifiable information we have stored, such as your name, email, address or phone number. You can also contact us by email to request to see this information.
We may keep data indefinitely.
We may keep data indefinitely.
We may share personal data with companies we trust.
We may share personally identifiable information (such as name, address, email or phone) with trusted partners in order to provide you with relevant advertising, offers or services.
California residents are legally entitled (at no charge and no more than once annually) to request information about how we may have shared your information with others for direct marketing purposes. Contact us for this information: GameDigits@GameDigits.co.uk
No ad companies collect data through our service.
We do not allow advertising companies to collect data through our service for ad targeting.
You can ask privacy questions.
If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policies, please contact us:
GameDigits@GameDigits.co.uk
You can request your data to be deleted.
If you wish to have your data deleted, please contact us using the following email address:
GameDigits@GameDigits.co.uk
Vendors access data on our behalf.
In order to serve you, we may share your personal and anonymous information with other companies, including vendors and contractors. Their use of information is limited to these purposes, and subject to agreements that require them to keep the information confidential. Our vendors provide assurance that they take reasonable steps to safeguard the data they hold on our behalf, although data security cannot be guaranteed.
We take steps to protect personal information
We take reasonable steps to secure your personally identifiable information against unauthorised access or disclosure. We encrypt transmission of data on pages where you provide payment information. However, no security or encryption method can be guaranteed to protect information from hackers or human error.
Information we collect may be stored or processed on computers located in any country where we do business.
Special situations may require disclosure of your data.
To operate the service, we also may make identifiable and anonymous information available to third parties in these limited circumstances: (1) with your express consent, (2) when we have a good faith belief it is required by law, (3) when we have a good faith belief it is necessary to protect our rights or property, or (4) to any successor or purchaser in a merger, acquisition, liquidation, dissolution or sale of assets. Your consent will not be required for disclosure in these cases, but we will attempt to notify you, to the extent permitted by law to do so.
You can review more privacy-related information.
This privacy policy was last updated on 13/10/2022. Our privacy policy may change from time to time. If we make any material changes to our policies, we will place a prominent notice on our website or application. If the change materially affects registered users, we will send a notice to you by email, push notification or text.