You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
DUSK
GUIDES
WORK WITH US
VENUES
DRINKS BRANDS
REWARDS PARTNERS
DUSK ACCELERATOR
SUPPORT
DUSK
GUIDES
WORK WITH US
VENUES
DRINKS BRANDS
REWARDS PARTNERS
DUSK ACCELERATOR
SUPPORT
Privacy Policy
Drinki Limited.
UNITED KINGDOM
Please read this privacy policy carefully as it sets out how DRINKI LTD (
“DRINKI”
“we”
or
“us”
) uses your personal information to provide you with the DRINKI mobile software application (the
“App”
) and websites (together with the App, collectively the
“Services”
). If you have any questions about this privacy policy, please contact us at
info@dusk.app
. We may change this policy from time to time so please check the the App or our website from time to time for any updates. If we make material changes in the way we use your personal information, we will notify you by posting a notice on the App and/or our website or sending you an email at the email address provided at the time of registration. Your continued use of any part of the Services following any update to this privacy policy will constitute your acceptance of any changes.
1. ABOUT US
1.1. We are DRINKI Limited, a company registered in England and Wales under company registration number 08704401 and have our registered office at 77 Leonard Street, London, England, EC2A 4QS
1.2 We are a platform that provides information and promotions on behalf of venues, bars and FMCG brand owners to our members (the
“Partners”
).
2. OVERVIEW
2.1. DRINKI is a 'Data Controller' for the purposes of applicable data protection law.
2.2. This privacy policy explains how we use your personal information and other data we collect when you use the Services.
3. COLLECTED INFORMATION
3.1. All personal information you provide to us when registering with the Services, and any personal information generated by your navigation and use of the Services, will be processed and stored by DRINKI to manage registration and provide the Service. We also use this information to analyse trends in our users' behaviour to help us to determine your preferences, habits, tastes, geographic location in order to maximise your use and enjoyment of the Services. We have further listed the ways in which we use your personal information at Clause 5 below.
3.2. The types of personal information we collect may include:
Personal details
– including your name, email address, phone number, postal address, date of birth, information regarding your use of the Services, mobile device information and browser information;
Location data
– we may collect your IP address, and if you allow us to connect to your device’s geolocation functionality, we may collect your GPS data. We will use the location data to improve personalised recommendations in the Services on what venues are near you. You can turn off the App's ability to access your geolocation at any time through your device’s general or privacy settings;
Your image or recordings
– we may obtain photographs, audio or video recordings of events listed on the Services. We may reproduce and/or publish your image in the App, our website, and in other promotional materials, social networking channels and other materials related to the Services;
Your preferences
– we may collect information about your purchase history, venues you have viewed, attended or enquired about and any feedback you may give or reviews you may submit;
Your interactions with us
– for example if you send us information via email, survey, social media, customer service communications or other methods, this may be stored on our systems;
Technical information – when you use the Services, DRINKI automatically receives and records information on its server logs from your browser or mobile platform, including the location, IP address, cookie information and details about the page you requested.
4. COOKIES
4.1. Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our site. A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we store on your browser or the hard drive of your device if you agree. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your device hard drive.
4.2. Our App does not use cookies.
Strictly necessary cookies.
These are cookies that are required for the operation of our website. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our website, use a shopping cart or make use of e-billing services.
Analytical/performance cookies.
They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
Functionality cookies.
These are used to recognise you when you return to our website. This enables us to personalise our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).
Targeting cookies.
These cookies record your visit to our website, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We will use this information to make our website and the advertising displayed on it more relevant to your interests. We may also share this information with third parties for this purpose.
4.4. You can block cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of our site.
5. USE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
5.1. As well as the purposes described above at Clause 3.1, we use the personal information we collect to:
administer the App and the Services or any other purposes required in order to allow us to provide the Services;
communicate with you via email, SMS, in-App notifications and push notifications about the Services;
provide better content, services, marketing, and support to you. For example, we may need to use your information to administer your account or provide you with information in connection with promotion that we think you will be interested in;
administer and fulfil any competitions available to users via the Services and communicate with you about those competitions. Note that there may be specific terms in the competition terms and conditions relating to your personal data; and
to profile individual and demographic trends of people attending or showing an interest in certain venues or drinks. This helps us to provide you with recommendations of similar things you might like or find interesting. We do this by making assumptions based on an analysis of the information we hold, including the venues you have viewed and opinions you have submitted.
5.2. We also use information that we collect about you to for operational purposes, including:
to provide customer service, including to respond to your enquiries and fulfil any of your requests for information;
carry out verification checks, including to verify your identity, to ensure to the best of our ability that all users are on drinking age;
to send you important information regarding the Services, or other technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages; and
as we believe to be necessary or appropriate under applicable law, to enforce our rights or to respond to requests from law enforcement and other government authorities.
5.3. We use your personal data on the following legal basis:
your consent;
as necessary to perform a contract to which you are a party;
in our legitimate interests, including to improve the performance of the Services and in order to enhance our users’ experience of the Services, or in an Event Partner’s legitimate interests; and/or
to comply with a legal obligation.
5.4. Where we rely on your consent to process your personal data (e.g. marketing), you may withdraw your consent at any time by emailing us at info@drinki.com or via methods set out in this privacy policy. If you withdraw your consent, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing which has taken place before you have withdrawn your consent.
6. MARKETING
6.1. We may send you marketing communications via email and push notifications. You are given the opportunity to opt in to marketing communications and push notifications on registration. If you change your mind and do not want to receive any marketing emails from us, you can unsubscribe from emails by following the unsubscribe directions provided in the footer of each one. If you do not want to receive push notifications from us you may opt out by changing the appropriate settings directly on your mobile device.
6.2. Where you opt out of receiving these marketing communications, we may still process your personal data for other required purposes, as specified in Clauses 4 and 5 above.
7. DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
7.1. We do not sell your personal information to anyone without your explicit consent, but we may share your personal information in the ways described below:
Agents and suppliers
– We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf, including our payment processing suppliers and data analytics services providers. We do not share your personal information with our agents or suppliers except as is necessary in order to enable them to provide us with a service.
Third Parties
– We may integrate with other third party products and services such as FACEBOOK to enable certain features of the Services. We do not share your personal information with them except as is necessary in order to allow them to perform the features requiring their integration.
Competition partners
– When offering competitions via the Services, we may share your personal information with our competition partner for the purpose of administering the competition (for example, arranging for the prize to be provided to the winner).
Other reasons
– We may also share your personal information with a purchaser or potential purchaser of our business and in some circumstances, we may have to disclose your personal information by law, either because a court or the police or other law enforcement agency has asked us for it, to enforce our legal rights.
7.2. We may also provide our partners with anonymous information about how users, collectively, use the App and website so that they can understand how often people use their services, the App and the website.
8. SECURITY AND INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS OF DATA
8.1 We are committed to ensuring that your information will be treated confidentially and securely, and we have put in place appropriate measures to ensure the security of your personal data.
8.2 The personal data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, destinations outside the European Economic Area (EEA) where the laws on processing personal data may be less stringent than in your country. It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our agents or suppliers.
8.3 Presently personal data collected from you is stored in data centres as well as cloud networks.
8.4 When your personal data is transferred to parties located outside of the EEA we shall undertake an assessment and take appropriate measures to ensure such third party will provide adequate security of such personal data and respect your rights to privacy. These safeguards are intended to ensure a similar degree of protection is afforded to your data wherever it may be transferred and may include:
only transferring your personal data to countries which have been deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for personal data by the European Commission;
entering into specific contractual terms which have been approved by the European Commission and which give personal data the same protection as within the EEA; or
where your data will be transferred to the US, ensuring that the third party to which we are transferring your data is part of the Privacy Shield.
8.5 Although we take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your personal data is treated securely, you should be aware that the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure and we cannot guarantee the security of your data during its transmission.
8.6 We may retain your personal data for as long as we require for the purposes for which it is processed or as is otherwise required by applicable law. If you terminate your account on the App and website, cease using the Services, or our agreement with you under the Terms of Use is terminated, we may continue to process your personal data for a reasonable period and as required under applicable law.
8.7 When calculating the appropriate retention period for your data, we consider the nature and sensitivity of the data, the purposes for which we are processing the data, and any applicable statutory retention periods. Using these criteria, we regularly review the personal data which we hold and the purposes for which it is held and processed. Once processing has been completed, we may securely delete or anonymise your personal data.
9. YOUR RIGHTS
9.1. You may request details of the personal information that we hold about you under data protection laws. If you would like a copy of the information held about you please write to us at
info@dusk.app
.
9.2. If you think any information we have about you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to us or email us at
info@dusk.app
as soon as possible. We will correct or update any information as soon as we can.
9.3 Under the EU General Data Protection Regulation and any equivalent rules in the UK, you are entitled to certain rights in relation to our handling of your personal data. For example, will have the right to have your personal data rectified or erased, the right to object to or restrict us from processing your personal data (including the right to object to profiling), and the right to data portability. If you would like to exercise these rights once they come into force, please write to us or email us at
info@dusk.app
.
9.4. Should you have any complaints about how we handle your personal information, please contact us at
info@dusk.app
. Should we be unable to resolve your complaint and you wish to take your complaint further, you may do so by contacting the UK Information Commissioner’s Office.