This page may not work correctly in your current browser, Internet Explorer. We recommend changing to a more modern browser before viewing this page. We recommend
Chrome
,
Firefox
,
Safari
, or
Edge
.
Privacy Policy
The purpose of the Mass Times Trust privacy policy is to detail how your information is gathered, protected, and utilized; practices which may be updated periodically by us. Significant changes to this policy will be posted on the
Masstimes.org
website.
In Regards to Using the Masstimes.org website or apps:
We do not collect any personal information from you if you use our service to find a church or other location hosting a Mass, Confession or other service.
We collect information about your device (e.g., operating system & version, desktop/mobile/tablet, approximate location, location searched, pages viewed (e.g., "Cleveland, OH") via Google Analytics.
We record click-through events for our advertisements via Google Analytics, but since we do not know who you are we merely report the number of these events to our sponsors.
We record page views via Google Analytics while you use our service so that we can analyze how our visitors use the service.
Our web logs collect standard web log entries for each page served, including page URLs, device and browser used, and timestamp. Web logs help us to diagnose problems with our server, to administer the Masstimes.org site and apps, and to otherwise provide our service to you.
In Regards to Donating to the Mass Times Trust:
Protecting your privacy
In the course of accepting your donation, the Mass Times Trust obtains information about you such as your name, address and email address.
Your information is in no way shared with commercial third parties for marketing purposes. Your information may be shared with Catholic organizations related to the Mass Times Trust.
Masstimes.org may provide links to third-party websites (e.g., the USCCB). We are not responsible for, nor can in any way control, the privacy policies of those third party websites, and encourage all users to read the privacy policies of every website visited.
Masstimes.org does not knowingly collect any information from persons under the age of 13, as we do not expect any donations from persons under that age.
Data we collect
The Mass Times Trust obtains your name, address and email address during the process of accepting a donation.
The
Mass Times for Travel
iPhone and Android apps contain no trackers, do not collect any personal information, and do not transmit any personal information to anybody.
Your email address is requested for purposes such as acknowledging your gift, providing notifications, and soliciting for donations by the Mass Times Trust.
The Mass Times Trust does not store credit card information. Credit card transactions are transmitted to a financial gateway, and we endeavor to protect the security of your payment information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology. We may collect personal information if you provide comments or if you contact us directly.
Data we store
We store information related to your donation indefinitely.
The information is stored in a secure operating environment that is not available to the public, at a third-party provider of services to not-for-profit organizations (
NeonCRM
).
Interaction With Children Online
Mass Times is committed to the protection of children’s online privacy. The Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) governs information gathered online from or about children under the age of 13. Verifiable consent from a child’s parent or guardian is required before collecting, using, or disclosing personal information from a child under age 13. If a Mass Times website intends to collect information about children under 13 years old, COPPA-required information and instructions will be provided by the specific web page that collects information about the child. The web page will specify exactly what the information will be used for, who will see it, and how long it will be kept. We do not anticipate ever collecting information from children under 13, or any visitors to our services.
Circumstances in which Mass Times may release information
Mass Times may disclose user information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to follow the legal process or in response to requests from law enforcement.
International Users
Due to the international dimension of Mass Times, the data provided by you may be utilized for the purposes identified in this policy, including the transmission of information outside your resident jurisdiction. Such data may be stored on servers located in the United States. By providing us with your data, you consent to the transfer of such data.
Feedback
We appreciate your feedback! Please let us know if you have any questions or concerns via email to
webmaster@masstimes.org
Refund Policy
If you have made an error in making your donation or change your mind about contributing to the Mass Times Trust, we will honor your request for a refund made within 15 days of your donation. To request a refund, call (866) 763-2484. Refunds are returned using the original method of payment. If you made your donation by credit card, your refund will be credited to that same credit card.
Security Policies and Procedures
The Mass Times Trust has engaged the following third-party service providers in support of its Appeal and Donation efforts:
NeonCRM
Cybersource
(including
Authorize.Net
)
These service providers have indicated their PCI compliance on their respective websites.  We review the compliance status of our providers annually.  These service providers are fully responsible for the networks and web pages supporting capture and transmission of payment card data.
If the Mass Times Trust should engage new or replacement third-party service providers we will conduct due-diligence to ensure any such providers are secure and fully PCI compliant by reviewing the respective websites and service agreements.
No cardholder data are stored or held, in either electronic or paper form, by the Mass Times Trust.  In the event of a system breach at a third-party service provider which does store cardholder data we will notify our donors upon word from the third-party provider.
Contact the Mass Times Trust
Mass Times Trust
PO BOX 210
Cross Village, MI 49723
(517) 853-7600
webmaster@masstimes.org