Privacy Policy
Information you provide to us
How we disclose your information
EEA/UK (GDPR)
US State Privacy Notices
Make a Privacy Request
Expand All
Information you provide to us
We collect the personal information you provide to us when you purchase our products or visit our website. The categories of information we may collect include:
Personal Identifiers, including name, email address, postal address, telephone number, tax ID number, military ID number, and online Identifiers
Internet Activity
Commercial Information, including purchases and records of personal property
Financial Information, including credit or debit card number and bank or other financial account number
Protected Classifications and Other Personal Characteristics, including sex, gender, or gender identity
Professional and Education Information, including professional information and employment-related information
Inferences from Other Data, including inferences created from other personal information collected
Other data, including signature
Commercial Information, including purchases
Professional and Education Information, including employment-related information
Personal Identifiers, including name, email address, postal address, telephone number, tax ID number, and online Identifiers
Biometric Information, including sleep, health, or exercise data
Physical and Audio Data, including physical characteristics or descriptions, audio recordings, photos, and video recordings
Protected Classifications and Other Personal Characteristics, including sex, gender, or gender identity, national origin, disability, and military or veteran status
Inferences from Other Data, including inferences created from other personal information collected and inferences based on sensitive information
Physical and Audio Data, including physical characteristics or descriptions, audio recordings, video recordings, and photos
Browser Cookies
We use cookies to create a better experience for you on our site. For example, cookies prevent you from having to login repeatedly, and they help us remember items you've added to your cart. We also use third-party cookies, which are cookies placed by third parties for advertising and analytics purposes. You can control these cookies through your browser settings.
How long we keep your data
We do not retain data for any longer than is necessary for the purposes described in this Policy.
We generally retain data according to the guidelines below.
Data Retention Periods
Type of Data
Retention Period
Cookies and online data we collect while you use our website, including Online Identifiers, Internet Activity
We retain information for different periods of time depending on the purposes for which we collect and use it. We will delete or de-identify information when it is no longer needed to fulfill the purposes listed for each category above unless a longer retention period is required to comply with applicable laws. There may be technical or other operational reasons where we are unable to fully delete or de-identify your information. Where this is the case, we will take reasonable measures to prevent further processing your information.
Data we collect in order to process and ship orders you place with us, including Name, Email address, Postal address, Telephone number, Tax ID number, Purchases, Credit or debit card number, Bank or other financial account number
We keep personal information related to products and services you purchase for as long as the personal data is required for us to fulfill our contract with you.
Data we collect when you contact us for customer support and other inquiries, including Name, Email address, Postal address, Telephone number, Tax ID number, Military ID number, Online Identifiers, Internet Activity, Purchases, Sleep, health, or exercise data, Physical characteristics or descriptions, Audio recordings, Photos, Video recordings, Sex, gender, or gender identity, National origin, Disability, Military or veteran status, Professional information, Employment-related information, Inferences created from other personal information collected
We keep customer feedback and correspondence with our customer service to help us respond to any questions or complaints.
Data we collect when you sign up for promotional and marketing communications, including Name, Email address, Postal address
Where you have signed up to receive promotional and marketing communications from us, we will retain any data collected until you opt out or request its deletion. We may keep data beyond this period in anonymized form. We will further retain a record of any opt-outs in order to prevent sending you future communications.
Data we collect when you review our products, answer surveys, or send feedback, including Name, Email address, Postal address, Telephone number, Online Identifiers, Purchases, Sleep, health, or exercise data, Physical characteristics or descriptions, Audio recordings, Photos, Video recordings, Sex, gender, or gender identity, National origin, Disability, Military or veteran status, Professional information, Employment-related information, Inferences created from other personal information collected
We retain review, survey, and feedback data for different periods of time depending on the purposes for which we collect and use it. We will delete or de-identify information when it is no longer needed to fulfill the purposes listed for each category above unless a longer retention period is required to comply with applicable laws. There may be technical or other operational reasons where we are unable to fully delete or de-identify your information. Where this is the case, we will take reasonable measures to prevent further processing your information.
Data we collect in connection with privacy requests, including Name, Email address, Online Identifiers
We retain records related to privacy requests for a minimum of 24 months following the completion of the request.
Data we collect for security purposes, including Name, Email address, Postal address, Telephone number, Tax ID number, Military ID number, Online Identifiers, Records of personal property, Inferences created from other personal information collected, Signature
We retain security-related data as long as necessary to comply with our legal obligations and to maintain and improve our information security measures.
Why we process your information
We process personal information for the following business and commercial purposes:
Conducting Surveys
Creating Customer Profiles
Data Storage
Fulfilling Customer Orders
Improving our Products & Services
Internal Business Operations
Marketing Our Products & Services
Meeting Compliance & Legal Requirements
Operating Our Website or Mobile Apps
Organizing & Managing Data
Preventing Fraud
Processing Payments
Providing Customer Support
Sending Promotional Communications
Tracking Purchases & Customer Data
How we disclose your information
We may disclose personal information about you for business and commercial purposes when you purchase our products or visit our website:
Personal Information Sharing Categories
Personal Information Category
Categories of Service Providers
Categories of Third Parties
Personal Identifiers
Business Operations Tool, Commerce Software Tools, Consultant Contractors, Customer Support Tools, Governance, Risk & Compliance Software, Payment Processors, Sales & Marketing Tools, Collaboration & Productivity Tools, Data Analytics Providers, and IT Infrastructure Services
Ad Networks, Co-Marketing Partner, and Data Analytics Providers
Internet Activity
Business Operations Tool, Commerce Software Tools, Consultant Contractors, Payment Processors, Sales & Marketing Tools, Collaboration & Productivity Tools, Data Analytics Providers, and IT Infrastructure Services
Ad Networks, Co-Marketing Partner, and Data Analytics Providers
Commercial Information
Commerce Software Tools, Payment Processors, Sales & Marketing Tools, Business Operations Tool, Collaboration & Productivity Tools, Customer Support Tools, Data Analytics Providers, and IT Infrastructure Services
Payment Processors and Ad Networks
Financial Information
Commerce Software Tools, Payment Processors, Sales & Marketing Tools, Business Operations Tool, Collaboration & Productivity Tools, Customer Support Tools, Data Analytics Providers, and IT Infrastructure Services
Payment Processors and Ad Networks
Protected Classifications and Other Personal Characteristics
Consultant Contractors, Customer Support Tools, Sales & Marketing Tools, Commerce Software Tools, Business Operations Tool, Collaboration & Productivity Tools, Data Analytics Providers, and IT Infrastructure Services
Co-Marketing Partner
Professional and Education Information
Consultant Contractors, Customer Support Tools, Sales & Marketing Tools, Commerce Software Tools, Business Operations Tool, Collaboration & Productivity Tools, Data Analytics Providers, and IT Infrastructure Services
Co-Marketing Partner
Inferences from Other Data
Business Operations Tool, Consultant Contractors, Payment Processors, Sales & Marketing Tools, Commerce Software Tools, Collaboration & Productivity Tools, Data Analytics Providers, and IT Infrastructure Services
Co-Marketing Partner
Custom Data
Payment Processors and IT Infrastructure Services
None
Biometric Information
Business Operations Tool, Collaboration & Productivity Tools, Data Analytics Providers, IT Infrastructure Services, and Sales & Marketing Tools
None
Physical and Audio Data
Business Operations Tool, Collaboration & Productivity Tools, Consultant Contractors, Data Analytics Providers, IT Infrastructure Services, and Sales & Marketing Tools
None
EEA/UK (GDPR)
This section provides additional information for people in the European Economic Area (EEA) or United Kingdom (UK). ​​The terms used in this section have the same meaning as in the General Data Protection Regulation and the UK Data Protection Act (GDPR). The term “personal information”  as used in this notice has the same meaning as “personal data” in the GDPR.
Collection and Disclosure of Personal Data
The personal data we collect and how we share it is described above in our Privacy Policy.
We may disclose your personal information to the following third party controllers for business purposes:Partners, PayPal - Pay with PayPal, Venmo, Pay Later, Webconnex, Truyo, Youtube Ads, Facebook Ads, Contractors. To understand how these parties handle your data, please refer to their respectiveprivacy policies.
Cookie Notice
We use cookies to improve your experience on our site and to allow us and third parties to personalize the marketing content you see on other websites and social media. Website visitors from European Privacy Law regions can control cookie settings.
Manage your region specific consent settings here
.
Essential Cookies
We use these cookies for things like security, logins, site errors, and processing payments. We can't turn these necessary cookies off, but you can control them in your browser.
Cookie Name
Provider
Duration
ajs_anonymous_id
Jira
30 Days
cfxi
First Party
30 Days
cfxs
First Party
Session
Analytics Cookies
These cookies tell us how you use our sites and apps, and provide information to help us improve your experience.
Cookie Name
Provider
Duration
_ga
Google Analytics
1 Year 30 Days
_ga_YMP4SGMLNT
Google Analytics
1 Year 30 Days
_gat_UA-5061231-6
Google Analytics
1 Min
_gid
Google Analytics
1 Day
fs_uid
FullStory
30 Days
Personalization Cookies
We use these cookies to enhance functionality and personalize content for you. For example, they allow us to remember you when you return to our website or app. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookie Name
Provider
Duration
fs_uid
FullStory
30 Days
Advertising Cookies
These cookies help us decide which products, services and offers may be relevant for you. We use this data to customize the marketing content you see on websites, apps and social media, and to measure your interactions with that content. We might use these cookies to advertise our products to you when you visit other websites.
Cookie Name
Provider
Duration
_fbp
Facebook Ads
2 Months 29 Days
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE
Youtube Ads
5 Months 27 Days
YSC
Youtube Ads
Session
Lawful Bases and Legitimate Interests
We process personal data on the following lawful bases:
Complying with legal obligations
Fulfilling contracts
Consent
Legitimate interests
Where we process personal data on the basis of our legitimate interests, we pursue the following interests: Improving our Products & Services, Sending Promotional Communications, Internal Business Operations, Conducting Surveys, Marketing Our Products & Services, Meeting Compliance & Legal Requirements, Tracking Purchases & Customer Data, Creating Customer Profiles, Organizing & Managing Data, Data Storage, Fulfilling Customer Orders, Operating Our Website or Mobile Apps, Preventing Fraud, Processing Payments, and Providing Customer Support.
International Data Transfers
We may send the personal data of individuals in the EEA/UK/CH to third countries, including the United States, where it may be stored or processed, for example on our service providers’ cloud servers. When we transfer personal data, we rely either on Adequacy Decisions as adopted by the European Commission (EC), the UK Information Commissioner's Office (ICO), or the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) on the basis of the EU-US Data Privacy Framework, UK-US Data Bridge, and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework agreements, Standard Contractual Clauses (SCCs) issued by the EC or the FDPIC, or International Data Transfer Agreements (IDTAs) approved by the ICO. Data protection authorities have determined that the SCCs and IDTAs provide sufficient safeguards to protect personal data transferred outside the EEA/UK/CH. You may read more about international data transfer mechanisms at the following links:
https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/international-dimension-data-protection/standard-contractual-clauses-scc_en
https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/guide-to-data-protection/guide-to-the-general-data-protection-regulation-gdpr/international-data-transfer-agreement-and-guidance/
https://www.edoeb.admin.ch/edoeb/en/home/datenschutz/arbeit_wirtschaft/datenuebermittlung_ausland.html
Privacy Rights
Individuals in the EEA/UK/CH have the following rights regarding their personal data.
Make a Privacy Request by clicking here
. Once you submit a request, we will verify your identity and process your request in most cases within 30 days.
Right to access.
You have the right to request a copy of the personal data we hold about you.
Right of portability.
You have the right to ask us to transfer your data to another party.
Right to rectification.
You have the right to request that we rectify any incorrect information we have about you.
Right of erasure.
You have the right to request that we erase (delete) any personal information we hold about you.
Right to withdraw consent.
You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time when we rely on your permission to process your personal data.
Right to object.
You have the right to object to our use of data about you.
Right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
You have a right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. For more information, you can visit theInformation Commissioner’s Office website at
https://ico.org.uk/
, the Federal Data Protection and InformationCommissioner’s website at
https://www.edoeb.admin.ch/
, or see a list of EU Data Protection Authorities at
https://www.gdprregister.eu/gdpr/dpa-gdpr/
.
Inquiries
Controller contact information
Crossfit
moc.tifssorc@ycavirp
Data Protection Officer information
Rod Forsythe
moc.tifssorc@ehtysrof.dor