HOME
CLIENTS
PRIVACY
CONTACT
Mobirise
PRIVACY
Privacy is very important and we take our responsibilities to protect your privacy very seriously.
Adveractive does not collect any personal information on this Internet site whatsoever. Adveractive does not collect any personal information in the mobile and tablet Apps that Adveractive offers for free and for sale.
The term “personal information” refers to personally identifiable information through which a user can be identified as an individual. The term “non-personal information” refers to information that does not directly identify a user.
The only time Adveractive collects “personal information” is when a user contacts Adveractive via direct e-mail/contact form. Adveractive uses the personal information only to directly reply to the specific inquiry and for no other purpose. Adveractive does not share personally identifiable information with third party companies or individuals.
Do we use cookies?
We do not use cookies.
Do we collect non-personal information to improve our applications?
Yes, we do collect non-personal information on our website and in our apps in the form of anonymous analytics data. This includes information such as session duration, screens viewed, and actions taken. We use this information to enhance and improve our applications. This data does not contain information about any specific users. We do not share non-personal information with third party companies or individuals.
We presently use the company Flurry Analytics (owned by Yahoo!) to check on app functionality, to see how players use our apps, and to provide data to will help us make the apps better. All data is anonymized and aggregated prior to our receiving it.
What about Advertising within Adveractive's apps?
Our apps are partially supported by advertising. The advertising companies that supply the ads may use information on your device (i.e. device identification) to provide particular advertisements that they believe will be of interest to you. Often, on the various platforms, you are asked for your consent before this information may be captured by these advertising companies.  This is done in countries where this is permitted. At present, we work with the following advertising partners: AdColony, AdMob (Google), Applovin, Chartboost, Facebook, IronSource and Vungle.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties any information about our website visitors or users of our apps. We may only release information to outside parties when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Our Internet sites and apps comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”). We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. If a user identifies himself or herself as a child under the age of 13 through a support request, we will not collect, store or use any personal information in this request, and we will delete it in a secure manner.
Data Deletion Instructions
Adveractive does not save your personal information anywhere in any of its systems, its computers or its servers. Because some of our apps allow users to post to Facebook, Facebook has requested that we provide Data Deletion Instructions. Click
this link
to read these instructions.
Although our company does not knowingly capture or save any data about our users whatsoever, we encourage any users of our website or apps to use this email link to  request data deletion at any time:
[
Email Us To Request Data Deletion
]
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our online privacy policy. By purchasing or downloading our Apps, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us by using the address and e-mail link on our CONTACT page (link above). This policy is powered by Trust Guard PCI compliance.
Our partners:
Copyright © 1995 -
2025 Adveractive, Inc.