Home
Terms & Conditions
General Terms and Conditions for Bistro.sk Customers
Bistro.sk, s.r.o. operates a Platform through which Customers can search and order online products from Businesses with a delivery service published on this platform.
These '
General Terms and Conditions for Bistro.sk Customers
' are applicable to the relations between Bistro.sk, s.r.o. and the Customers from 4 February 2025. These do not apply to Businesses (as defined below but including Restaurants and Stores) which are governed by the '
General Terms and Conditions for Partners
.
1. Definitions
Age Restricted Item
: any product with a minimum legal age requirement including but not limited to, for example, an alcoholic product.
Agreement
: an agreement between the Customer and the Business regarding an Order and the delivery or collection of the Order.
Bistro.sk
: Bistro.sk s.r.o.acting for itself and on behalf of any corporate entity or person that controls, are controlled by or under the common control, directly or indirectly, with Takeaway.com Group B.V.
Business
: a trader or a company listed on the Bistro.sk Platform that makes available, sells, prepares, packages, picks and/or serves products and related items, and uses the Platform for the establishment and payment of the Agreement, with which Bistro.sk has entered into a contract, on the basis of which, among other things, it acts as its representative when concluding a Purchase Agreement.
Business Information
: the information about the Business with regard to, among other things, the trader and their contact methods, the products and services made available within their Offer ( for example, allergens, nutritional information, and ingredients) , prices for each individual product and service (including VAT), company logo, graphics, delivery area (including postal codes), delivery costs and minimum order amounts, and other information about the Business.
Customer
: a natural person who has reached the age of 16 or a legal entity who uses the Platform and /or places an Order through the Platform.
Offer
: the range of products and services offered by the Business that can be ordered by the Customer through the Platform.
Order
: an order placed by the Customer with the Business through the Platform as regards the Offer selected by the Customer.
Platform
: the website(s), apps, tools and other equipment of Bistro.sk and its affiliated companies and business partners on which the Service is made available.
Service
: the commercial services and/or activities that are offered to the Customer by Bistro.sk, including publication of the Offer, facilitation of the conclusion of Agreements and transmission of Orders to the relevant Business.
Tip
: voluntary amount paid by a Customer intended for the courier delivering the Order.
User content:
Any material other than personally identifiable information, which is transmitted or posted or uploaded by a user (including Customers) on this Platform (including, by way of example and not limited to, any feedback in the form of ratings, comments and/or reviews on the Platform (together, "Reviews")) and which is considered non-confidential.
2. Identity of Bistro.sk s.r.o.
Bistro.sk s.r.o operating under the name of ‘Bistro.sk’:
Registered office address:
Bottova 2A, 811 09 Bratislava
Slovak Republic
I.D 51 251 761
VAT ID: SK2120650609
Registered in the Commercial Register of the Municipal Court Bratislava III
Section: Sro, number: 167919/B
Correspondence address: Bottova 2A, 811 09 Bratislava, Slovak Republic Electronic contact:
https://www.bistro.sk/en/customerservice/contact-us
The competent supervisory body for the services provided by Bistro.sk is the Slovak Trade Inspection, SOI Inspectorate for the Bratislava Region, SOI Inspectorate for the Bratislava Region, Prievozská 32, PO Box 5,820 07 Bratislava 27.
3. Applicability
1. The present General Terms and Conditions for Customers are only applicable to the Service. Bistro.sk is not responsible for the Offer. As the case may be, the General Terms and Conditions of Partners shall be applicable to the Offer in addition.
2. By placing an Order the Customer directly concludes an Agreement with the Business for delivery of the Offer selected by the Customer. The Customer is bound by the Order and will not be entitled to a refund except in case of cancellation allowed pursuant to article 7 below.
3. Unless otherwise indicated, individuals (including Customers) need to be at least 16 to use the Services and the Platform.
4. Changes to these Terms and Conditions
1. Bistro.sk may make some changes to these General Terms and Conditions for Customers from time to time but, in case of any significant change, Bistro.sk will inform the Customer in advance of such changes becoming effective, unless the changes are required by applicable law.
2. If the Customer does not accept the changes, they should not use the Platform.
3. Please be aware that Customer’s continued use of the Platform after the effective date of the proposed changes will constitute their acceptance of the revised General Terms and Conditions for Customers.
4. The Platform Operator is entitled at any time to limit or completely block the User's access to Bistro.sk if his behavior violates these Bistro.sk Terms of Use or generally binding legal regulations.
5. The Offer
1. Bistro.sk publishes the Offer on behalf of the relevant Business, in accordance with the Business Information supplied by the Business. Bistro.sk shall not accept any responsibility or liability for the contents of the Offer and the Business Information on the Platform. For the avoidance of doubt, any complaints regarding the products included in an Order, including but not limited to requests for refunds, should be made directly to the Business. The Business may use ingredients and additives of meals and drinks, that could cause allergies and intolerances. If a Customer is allergic to any foodstuffs, we advise to contact the Business by telephone for current allergen information before placing an Order. If an Offer includes an Age-Restricted item, the Customer warrants that they are of the minimum legal age to accept such an Order, and accepts that they may be asked to verify their age prior to the Order being delivered (see section 6.9 for further details).
2. Bistro.sk presents all Business Information in such a way that it is clear to the Customer what his rights and obligations are after having accepted the Offer.
3. Bistro.sk shall not accept any liability for Platform availability.
6. The Agreement
1. The Agreement is effective as from the moment the Customer finalizes the Order by clicking the 'Order & pay' button during the process of placing an Order through the Platform.
2. After receipt of the Order, Bistro.sk will electronically confirm the Order to the Customer.
3. Where the Customer has not logged in or created an account previously, the Customer may have the option to continue with their Order as a guest. By completing the Order as a guest, the Customer agrees that Bistro.sk will create a temporary Bistro.sk guest account which will, unless otherwise stated in these General Terms and Conditions, be accessible only (a) from the device which the Customer uses to place the Order; and (b) for a period of up to twelve months following the date of the Order. The Customer’s access to their temporary guest account will expire on the ‘’Expiry Date’’ which shall be the earlier of (i) the date falling six months after the date on which the Customer last accessed the temporary guest account; (ii) the date falling twelve months after the date on which the temporary guest account was created; or (iii) the date on which the Customer logs out of their temporary guest account, or clears the cache on the device which the Customer used when the temporary guest account was created.
4. The Agreement can only be performed by the Business if the Customer provides correct and complete contact and address details when placing the Order. In the case of a “Pickup” order, an address is not required. The Customer has the obligation to immediately report inaccuracies in payment details provided or stated to Bistro.sk or the Business.
5. With respect to information on the status of his Order, after having placed the Order the Customer is required to be available by telephone or email (as indicated when placing the Order) for both the Business and Bistro.sk.
6. If the Customer decides to have the Order delivered, the Customer must be present at the delivery address indicated by the Customer in order to receive the Order items. If the Customer is not present at the delivery address when the Order is delivered, and the Order is being delivered by Bistro.sk (rather than the Business itself) Bistro.sk will make reasonable efforts to contact the Customer in order to determine where to leave the Order. If Bistro.sk is unable to contact the Customer, Bistro.sk may leave the Order at a reasonable location outside, close to the delivery address at which point it will be deemed delivered. Bistro.sk will not be responsible for the Order (including the quality or safety of the contents of the Order when the Customer finds it) after delivering the Order. Please note that when the Business is delivering the Order itself, rather than using Bistro.sk's delivery services, the Business will decide whether to leave the Order outside the delivery address if the Customer is not present.7. If the Business that you place your Order with receives delivery services provided by Bistro.sk, Bistro.sk may charge the Customer a range of fees including, but not limited to a delivery fee and/or a service charge. The delivery fee and service charge applied to the Order may vary depending on a number of factors, including location, the Business selected, and the value of the items in the Order, but these costs will always be shown on the Platform before a Customer places an Order. A receipt for the fees charged,including delivery fee and service charge (if applicable) can be requested with Bistro.sk.
8. If the Customer chooses to use Pickup and collect the Order, he must be present at the chosen time at the Business’s pick-up location, which is indicated in the confirmation email, text message or on the Bistro.sk website.
9. Upon ordering as well as when delivering or collecting Orders containing Age Restricted Items, Bistro.sk and the Business will, pursuant to applicable laws and regulations, ask the Customer for identification. If the Customer cannot identify himself adequately or does not meet the minimum age requirements, the Age Restricted Items of the Order will not be delivered, and Bistro.sk and the Business are also free to refuse the Order in its entirety. If the Age Restricted Items are not delivered pursuant to this section, the Customer may be charged a cancellation fee, which cancellation fee will consist of at least the value of the Age Restricted Items from the respective Order.
10. Bistro.sk does not accept any liability relating to the execution of the Agreement.
11. After placing the Order, the Customer may, at its sole discretion, choose to Tip a courier via the available online payment methods. Tipping may not be available on a “Take Out” order.
12. The Tip is intended for the couriers and cannot be considered as payment for services of Bistro.sk. Bistro.sk will thereby only act as a trustee and transferor of the Tip amounts.
13. Bistro.sk will transfer the Tip to the couriers in case those are directly engaged via Bistro.sk. In case a courier is not engaged via Bistro.sk but directly by the Business, Bistro.sk transfers the Tip to the Business and obliges the Business to pay-out the Tip to the courier. Bistro.sk cannot guarantee or be held responsible for the transfer of the Tip from the Business to the courier.
14. After the Customer has received a confirmation of placing the Tip, the Tip cannot be refunded or returned.
7. Dissolution of the Agreement and cancellation of the Order
1. If you, the Customer, are a consumer, you may have certain legal or statutory rights when you order products via the Platform. Without prejudice to these rights (which, if applicable, will not be affected), the Customer may not dissolve the Agreement where the goods contained in the Offer are perishable, have been individual tailored to the customer, are not suitable for return due to hygiene or health reasons, or have been inseparably mixed with other goods following delivery. Orders cannot be cancelled by the Customer with Bistro.sk. Cancellation of the Order with the Business is only possible by the Customer if the Business explicitly indicates that Cancellation of the Order by the Customer is possible.
2. The Business is entitled to cancel the Order,
e.g.
, if the Offer is no longer available, if the Customer has provided an incorrect or inoperative telephone number or other contact information, or in case of force majeure.
3. If the Customer places a false Order (for example by providing incorrect contact information, by not paying or by not being present on the delivery or collection location in order to receive the Order) or otherwise fails to comply with his obligations pursuant to the Agreement, Bistro.sk shall be entitled to refuse any future Orders from such Customer.
4. Bistro.sk is entitled to refuse Orders and cancel Agreements on behalf of the Business, if there is reasonable doubt about the correctness or authenticity of the Order or contact information. If the Customer places Orders that appear as false or fraudulent, Bistro.sk may report this to the police.
8. User-generated content
1. Any material other than personally identifiable information, which is transmitted or posted or uploaded by a user (including Customers) on this Platform (including, by way of example and not limited to, any feedback in the form of ratings, comments and/or reviews on the Platform (together, "Reviews")) is considered non-confidential (hereinafter the "
User Content
").
2. By posting, uploading or transmitting any User Content, you, the Customer, represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all of the rights in and to the User Content and that you are solely responsible for such content. You agree that Bistro.sk and anyone Bistro.sk designates will be free to copy, disclose, distribute, incorporate and otherwise use any User Content and all data, images, sounds, text and other things embodied in it for any and all commercial or non-commercial purposes.
3. The Customer is prohibited from posting, uploading, or transmitting to or from the Platform, any User Content (including Reviews) that:
(a) is in violation of any applicable local, national or international law;
(b) is unlawful or deceptive;
(c) amounts to unauthorised advertising;
(d) contains viruses or any other harmful programs;
(e) contain defamatory, obscene or offensive material
(f) promote violence or discrimination;
(g) infringe the intellectual property rights of others;
(h) are in breach of any legal obligation towards third parties (such as, by way of example, an obligation of trust);
(i) promote illegal activities or violate the privacy rights of third parties;
(j) give the impression of coming from the Platform Operator;
(k) are used to impersonate others or misrepresent the reality of a close relationship (motherhood/paternity) with another person; or
(l) is in breach of Bistro.sk’s policies, including but not limited to the Review moderation policy available in the Help Centre,
here
.
4. The Customer is responsible for ensuring that their User Content complies with Bistro.sk’s policies and these General Terms and Conditions. Bistro.sk uses a combination of human review and algorithmic decision making to check the compliance of User Content with those terms and Bistro.sk reserves the right to moderate (which may include removing) any content that Bistro.sk deems to be in violation of its policies, these General Terms and Conditions or applicable law. The list of prohibitions in article 8.3 above is not exhaustive and Bistro.sk may moderate User Content which is otherwise objectionable or may expose Bistro.sk or any other third party to prejudice or liability of any kind or for any other reason.
5. Reporting and Take Down: You, the Customer, are encouraged to report any content that you believe violates Bistro.sk’s policies or these General Terms and Conditions. Bistro.sk will review all reported content and take appropriate action, which may include removing the content or suspending the user who posted, transmitted or uploaded the content.
6. More information on Bistro.sk’s policies and measures around content moderation is available in the Help Centre,
here
. This article also explains how to report content on the Platform or appeal a moderation decision (which can include Bistro.sk’s decision not to take action), how Bistro.sk manages these requests and handles user’s misuse of related processes.
7. Use of User Content: User Content contained on the Platform are for informational purposes only and do not constitute a recommendation by Bistro.sk. Reviews and other User Content reflect the views of customers who have ordered through the Platform or other third parties and any statements, advice or opinions provided by such parties are theirs alone. Accordingly, to the maximum extent permitted by law, Bistro.sk assumes no responsibility or liability to any person in connection with any Reviews or other User Content, including, without limitation, in relation to errors, defamation, obscenity, omissions or falsehoods that may be found in such contents.
8. Cooperation with Law Enforcement: Bistro.sk will cooperate with law enforcement officials in their investigations of illegal content. This may include providing information about Customers or other users who have posted, uploaded or otherwise transmitted illegal content or content in violation of Bistro.sk’s General Terms and Conditions.
9. Your liability for User Content: Bistro.sk is not responsible for the content that is uploaded by users (including Customers). Bistro.sk does not endorse or approve any user-generated content. You, the Customer, agree to indemnify Bistro.sk for any loss, damage or claim (and all related costs) incurred by Bistro.sk or asserted against it by a Business or other party third party and which arise out of, or in connection with, any User Content provided by you in violation of any representations, warranties, undertakings or restrictions set forth in this section 8.
9. Recommender systems
1. On the Platform, Bistro.sk uses recommendation systems to display information that helps Customers to discover relevant partners and offers. Further information on the recommendation systems that Bistro.sk uses, and how these systems operate can be found in the Help Centre,
here
.
10. Payment
1. At the moment the Agreement is concluded in accordance with the provisions of article 6.1 of these General Terms and Conditions for Customers, Customer is obliged to pay the Business for the Order. The Customer may fulfil this payment obligation by using an online payment method through the Platform or by payment to the Business at the door or at the collection location.
2. Subject to the provisions of article 7 of these General Terms and Conditions for Customers, the (partial) reimbursement of an online payment shall only be possible if the Order cannot be delivered (entirely). The reimbursement shall always be made into the same account as the one from which the payment has been made. Depending on the payment method used by the Customer, the processing of the reimbursement will take a maximum of 10 working days.
3. The Business has authorized Bistro.sk to accept the Customer’s online payment on behalf of the Business.
11. Complaints settlement
1. Complaints from the Customer about the Offer, the Order or the performance of the Agreement, are to be filed with the Business. The sole responsibility for the Offer of the Business and the performance of the Agreement lies with the Business. Bistro.sk may only assume a mediating role.
2. If, as part of the Service, Bistro.sk has provided a courier service to the Customer, Bistro.sk is fully responsible for defects in the provision of that element of the Service. The Customer, who has the status of a consumer, is hereby informed of his rights arising from liability for defects and the procedure for handling complaints about defects in the Bistro.sk’s complaints procedure, which forms an integral part of these Bistro.sk Terms of Use and is
available here
.
3. Once the complaint has been received by Bistro.sk, the latter shall respond as soon as possible, but not later than within one week, with a confirmation of receipt. Bistro.sk aims to handle the complaint as soon as possible, but not later than within two weeks.
4. Complaints as described in sections 1 and 2 of this article must be filed promptly within due time after the Customer has detected the shortcomings, be fully and clearly described and filed with the respective Business (section 1) or Bistro.sk (section 2).
5. The European Commission manages an ODR platform. This platform can be found on http://ec.europa.eu/odr. Bistro.sk explicitly excludes the use of any Alternative Dispute Resolution as referred to in Directive 2013/11/EU. The email address of Bistro.sk is
kontakt@bistro.sk
.
12. Newsletter
1. When placing the Order, the Customer may also subscribe to the newsletter. The Customer can unsubscribe from this newsletter through
https://www.bistro.sk/nastavenia-notifikacii/
or by contacting the customer service by using the contact data as mentioned under 'Correspondence Address' in article 2 of these General Terms and Conditions for Customers.
13. Inspection and correction of stored personal data
1. Bistro.sk shall process personal data relating to the Customer. The processing of personal data is subject to the
Privacy Statement
.
Print or save to PDF
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.bistro.sk/en/privacy-policy/:
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Statement for Customers
This privacy statement (‘’Statement’’) explains how Takeaway.com Group B.V. and its subsidiaries and affiliates (“JET”, “we”, “us” or “our”) collect, use, disclose, and otherwise process personal data and applies to the processing of personal data of customers who make use of one of our platforms and products, including order website, app, platform and products, JET’s platform, products and services for business (‘’JET for Business’’) (collectively, the “Services”) to place orders with a restaurant partner, grocery store, convenience store or other business partner (“Partner(s)”) which offers products or services for delivery via our Services.
We may use your personal data to provide delivery services for orders placed on the Partner’s own website, application or ordering platform. In such circumstances, we will process data received from such Partner(s) in accordance with this Statement.
This Statement applies also to the processing of the personal data of all customers’ assigned employees and users who make use of one of our JET for Business products and platform.
At JET we are committed to protecting the privacy of everyone in our community.
What personal data we process and why
Personal data, in this Statement also referred to as “your data”, means any information or set of information from which we are able, directly or indirectly, to personally identify you, in particular by reference to an identifier, e.g. name and surname, email address, phone number, etc. It does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data).
Whenever you interact with JET via our Services we collect and process your personal data. JET may process your personal data for the following purposes:
1.Ordering process
We process the personal data you provide to us when you place your order. This personal data is necessary to execute your order, confirm your order, and to assess your order, payment, and a possible refund. Your information (such as the items you add to your basket) allow us to process your order and send you an accurate bill. It also helps us and any Partner you order with contact you where necessary. Some Partners on our platform use our third party delivery companies which may use your information to provide you with status updates on the delivery of your order. Depending on the circumstance, we may rely on your consent or the fact that the processing is necessary to fulfil a contract with you, or to comply with law. We may process the following personal data in the ordering process:
Name
Address data
Contact data
Order and transaction data
Payment data
Identity and/or age verification data
As part of our Services we may sell products that may reveal sensitive personal data, such as health-related information (allergies or dietary requirements), information about your religion (such as to keep your religious dietary restrictions ), information about your medical condition (e.g. pharmacy products, medicines, medical devices, medicated creams, food supplements or herbal/homoeopathic products) or about your sexual life via our Partners. We will collect and process this data with your consent as part of your order.
We may engage in the sale and delivery of restricted products or Services. To comply with our legal obligations as may be imposed by the applicable laws we may implement verification procedures governing the sale and delivery of these products including your age and identity verification via automated and biometric means. For this purpose we may ask you to present a valid, government issued identification document and JET will not be obliged to perform and complete its Services if you do not cooperate for the required verification procedure.The legal basis for this processing of personal data is your consent unless your consent is not necessary according to the applicable law.
2.Partner & Courier reviews
After your order, you may be asked to submit a review of Partners and/or couriers. Depending on the circumstance, we may rely on your consent or the fact that the processing is necessary to fulfil a contract with you, or to comply with law.
JET processes the personal data you provide when submitting a review. You can withdraw your consent by contacting us. We may process the following personal data when you post a Partner and/or courier review:
Name
Contact data
Review
When your review is published, the review, and your first name, may be made available to couriers, Partners and/or the public.
3.Customer Services and Support
When you contact our customer services support, we will use the personal data you provide to answer your question or handle your complaint. We may collect personal data under call recordings to provide customer support, including to investigate and address user concerns and to monitor and improve our customer support responses and processes.
We may also collect your personal data if you submit us a notice in relation to presence of any suspected item in our Services which you may consider as ‘’illegal content’’ as defined in the EU Regulation 2022/2065 of the European Parliament and of the Council (‘’Digital Services Act’’) or as may be required under any applicable law; and also to provide you with an access to internal complaint handling system and/or to take required suspension measures and protection against misuse of our Services.
Depending on the circumstance, we may rely on your consent or the fact that the processing is necessary to fulfil a contract with you, or to comply with law. We may process the following personal data for customer service purposes:
Name
Address data (if applicable)
Contact data
Order and transaction data
Payment data (if applicable)
Comments (if applicable)
Content of communication between you and customer services department
Any other content that may be required for compliance with the applicable laws
4. Customer Accounts
If you interact with our Services you are given the opportunity to create an account with us either via our platforms or via using third-party social login service (e.g. Apple, Google, Facebook Login or other platforms) where the privacy statement of the relevant third-party will also be applicable to you in addition to this Statement. If you do not wish to create an account with us, we also provide you with the option of proceeding with a guest account to complete your purchase with us. Depending on the circumstance, we may rely on your consent or the fact that the processing is necessary to fulfil a contract with you, or to comply with law. You can withdraw your consent and/or delete your account by contacting us. The withdrawal or deletion of your account may have negative consequences on your user experience. We may process the following personal data for customer account purposes:
Name
Address data
Contact data
IP address
Social media account information
Credentials (applicable for Just Eat for Business)
5. Loyalty programs (in applicable markets)
JET has several loyalty programs to provide you with offers and discounts. When you make use of one of our loyalty programs, we process your personal data to provide you with the discounts or offers as set out in the respective loyalty program. Depending on the circumstance, we may rely on your consent or the fact that the processing is necessary to fulfil a contract with you, or to comply with law. One of our loyalty programs is the loyalty shop, where you may claim offers from external partners. Some of the loyalty shop partners require your personal data for shipping purposes. We may process the following personal data processed for the loyalty shop and shipping of your order:
Name
Address data
Contact data
6.Customer research
To ensure that our Services are consistent with your preferences, your personal data may be used for purposes such as conducting product, user research or satisfaction surveys. We only send you these types of communications with your prior consent unless this is not necessary according to the applicable law. Participation in the customer satisfaction surveys is completely voluntary. If you do not wish to receive these surveys you can unsubscribe from them in the messages itself. We may process the following personal data for research purposes:
Name
Contact data
Order and transaction data
Research input
7.Marketing
We also process your personal data to be able to send you (personalised) marketing communications and notifications to administer, support, improve and develop our Services. There may be cases where JET may process your personal data for promoting JET and third-party offers, products and services. Depending on the circumstance, where permitted by applicable law we may rely on legitimate interest (or equivalent under applicable data protection law) or your consent to optimize or extend our marketing reach and communication relevance. Whenever you want to change your preferences with respect to receiving such communications, you can unsubscribe using the unsubscribe link or method indicated in the messages, in your account settings or by contacting us. In cases where we rely on legitimate interest (or equivalent under applicable law) for (personalised) marketing activities you can object to this processing contacting us via our
privacy form
. We may process the following personal data for marketing purposes:
Name
Address data
Contact data
Order and transaction data
Review(s)
Campaign data
Device ID
Cookie and Technology data
In order to enable us to personalise your user experience with JET and optimise our Services offered to you, we may use automated decision making and profiling for marketing purposes.
8.Cookies
&
Similar Technologies
JET uses cookies or similar technologies for functional, analytical, and marketing purposes. Data processed for this activity depends on the preferences set by you.
You may find further information in our
Cookie Statement
about our use of cookies and/or similar technologies. You can always change your cookie settings via managing your preferences in the Cookie Statement, and/or your settings in the tool you use to browse. Please note that disabling cookies may deny you the ability to use some of the Services and/or features on the website or impair your user experience.
9.Fraud prevention
We also process personal data to prevent misuse on and via our Services. Depending on the circumstance, we may rely on your consent or the fact that the processing is necessary to fulfil a contract with you, to comply with law or our legitimate interest (or equivalent under applicable data protection law). We may process following personal data for fraud prevention purposes:
Name
Address data
Order and transaction data
Payment data
Device information
IP address
Browser information
10.Analytics & Product Improvement
JET uses your personal data to be able to improve our website and our range of products and Services and to be able meet our reporting obligations towards third parties which may also include advertisers. Depending on the circumstance, we may rely on your consent or the fact that the processing is necessary to fulfil a contract with you, to comply with law or our legitimate interest (or equivalent under applicable data protection law). We aim that the reports do not contain any information that can be traced back to you.
11. Campaigns & Contests
JET may launch specific campaigns or contests in connection to its Services. Joining JET campaigns or contests is always on a voluntary basis. We may rely on your consent unless your consent is not necessary according to the applicable law. You can always withdraw your consent via method indicated in the campaign or by contacting us.
We may process the following personal data for campaigning purposes:
Name
Contact data
Order and transaction data (optional)
Campaign data (optional)
12. JET for Business
We process personal data if you use your JET for Business allowance to pay for an order you placed via our Services, when using or interacting with JET for Business products and services, to issue and ship the JET for Business card, and/or to provide you with the digital allowance. Depending on the circumstance, we may rely on your consent or the fact that the processing is necessary to fulfil a contract with you, or to comply with law. The following personal data may be processed in connection with JET for Business:
Name
Address data
Employment data (job role, department, contractual hours)
Contact data
Allowance data
Order and transaction data
JET for Business card information
Payment data
The JET for Business card is partnered with card issuing and card transaction services provider Adyen, which also qualifies as an independent data controller. The processing of some of the above personal data by Adyen is covered by the Adyen's privacy statement, which can be viewed here
Adyen’s privacy statement
and we recommend you to read as this applies in addition to this Statement.
Additional purposes
We will only use your personal data for the purposes described above. If we want to use the data for a different purpose, we will take appropriate measures to inform you, consistent with the significance of the changes we make. Depending on the circumstance, we may rely on your consent or the fact that the processing is necessary to fulfil a contract with you, or to comply with law.
How we collect your personal data
We acquire, process and retain your personal data, as well as personal data about devices you use to navigate to JET platforms (e.g. your computer, mobile phone or other means), which you provide to us by ordering, creating an account or otherwise by contacting us.
We process personal data that you provide voluntarily, that we collect automatically and that we obtain from third party sources for the purposes outlined in this statement.
Personal data that you provide voluntarily: We may receive personal data provided from you when you place your order, create an account with us or provide for your marketing preferences or customer reviews in connection to our Services.
Personal data that we collect automatically: With your prior consent or when permitted by applicable law, when you browse our platforms, we may automatically collect technical data about your equipment, browsing activities and patterns. We use this personal data by using cookies, server logs and other similar technologies. For our cookie statement, please refer above (Cookies & Similar Technologies) for more information.
We may allow you to use social media sites to create your account or link your account to the relevant social media site. These social media sites may provide us with automatic access to certain personal data they hold about you (e.g. content viewed by you, content liked by you, and information regarding the advertisements you have been shown or may have clicked on). Where we receive such information, we may use this information to further personalise your experience with us in line with your marketing preferences.
Personal Data that we obtain from third-party sources: We may receive personal data from third party sources, including advertising networks and social media platforms or technical payment and delivery services providers which may be located outside EU for purposes such as to support procurement of our Services, to measure the performance of marketing campaigns for our Services; and better understand your preferences so that we can customise our marketing campaigns and Services accordingly. Where we may receive such personal data, we have checked that these third parties either have your consent to process the information or are otherwise legally permitted or required to share your personal data with us.
Age
Our Services are not intended for persons defined as underage by applicable local laws, nor do we intend to collect personal data of visitors who are under the defined legal age. However, we are unable to verify visitors’ ages. We therefore advise parents and/or legal guardians to monitor their children's online activities, to prevent their personal data being collected without parental or guardian consent. If you feel that we have collected personal data of a minor without consent, please contact us via our
privacy form
.
We shall endeavour to put in place appropriate and proportionate measures to ensure a high level of privacy, safety, and security of minors in our platforms in accordance with applicable laws.
Use of Automated decision-making and algorithmic tools
We may use automated decision making, and algorithmic tools for performance of our contract with you, to fulfil our obligations or to improve our platforms and Services. For example:
JET uses automated decision making in processing your address data and/or location data to select available Partners in your local area; and to avoid money laundering, terrorism financing, and other criminal offences.
JET uses algorithmic tools for personalised content (profiling), recommendations and smart chat functionalities to enhance our Services and your user experience, to keep our platforms safe, and to support the overall optimisation of our Services.
You will not be subject to decisions that will have a significant impact on you based solely on automated decision-making, unless we have a lawful basis for doing so and we have notified you. If you want to object to this type of processing and exercise your rights, you can contact us via our
privacy form
. We will then proceed to reassess the situation and/or provide you with more information about why and how such an automated decision was made.
How long we keep your data
JET, as a globally operating company, has to take into account various local data retention requirements. We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, tax, accounting, or reporting requirements. To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we take into account the following criteria:
(i) the period required to serve the respective business purpose;
(ii) to the extent reasonably necessary to comply with an applicable legal requirement; or
(iii) as advisable in light of an applicable statute of limitations.
In the event the data falls into more than one retention terms category, the category with the longer retention requirement shall prevail, other requirements (such as access, security etc.) notwithstanding.
In some circumstances we may anonymise your personal data so that it can no longer be associated with you, in which case we may use such information without further notice to you. If you have any questions on the way we retain your personal data you can contact us via our
privacy form
.
Sharing your personal data with Partners
If you order through our Services, JET may share your personal information (order, name, address, or contact data) with the Partner you selected so that the Partner can deliver your order and where necessary services, for instance to resolve your complaint. Partners may process your personal data to contact you if it is necessary to fulfil the contract with you.
You are a direct customer of the Partner, and therefore the Partner bears its own responsibility and obligations for the processing of your personal data. For questions about how the Partner handles your data, we suggest you contact the Partner directly.
Sharing your personal data in terms of JET for Business
If you use your JET for Business allowance to pay for an order you placed via our Services or by using JET for Business card, JET shares personal data (such as email address and data about your order and allowance) with the person that grants you the allowance (which might be your employer, business partner etc.) for performing our contract with this person. Please note that the person that grants you the allowance has its own responsibility and obligation with respect to the processing and protection of your personal data. If you have any questions about how your personal data is used by this corporate entity, please contact them directly. The person that grants you the allowance also shares personal data with us to allow us and the JET for Business card service providers to provide services to you.
Sharing your personal data with others
JET may work with other companies within the JET group and/or other third parties in order to carry out the processing described in this Statement and/or to comply with legal obligations.
These group companies and third parties will process your personal data on behalf of us as data processors or as autonomous data controllers (or in a position as so defined or referred under applicable data protection law including concepts as the equivalent of controller or processor), and have access to your personal data for the purposes described in this Statement. We require group companies and third parties to protect your personal data in accordance with the standards set out in this Statement and we take appropriate measures pursuant to the applicable data protection law to guarantee the same level of protection and confidentiality.
We may also share your data with other third parties where appropriate or required by applicable law or regulation (including a court order or legal authority request) or where we believe disclosure is necessary to comply with legal obligations, to exercise, establish or defend legal rights or to protect the vital interests of any person. Such third party controllers may include law enforcement agencies.
We may also disclose your personal data to any company or prospective buyer of all or substantially all of our assets in connection with any sale or transfer of those assets.
Your personal data may be shared with the following parties:
JET’s affiliates, subsidiaries and/or group companies of JET
Software providers such as providers for software, hosting, application support, delivery, logistics, information security, etc
Third parties who undertake various activities to promote, market or support our Services. This includes social media platforms, offshore customer support agents, marketing service providers, eCRM partners who manage our marketing emails and push notifications, partners who send you text messages when your order is on its way, delivery companies who deliver your order to you.
Implementation partners
Merchants, payment and card service providers such as Adyen (for their privacy statement please see
here
) and marketing service providers
Customer satisfaction survey firms and/or market research companies
Loyalty shop partners
Professional consultants
Law enforcement, governmental or regulatory authorities (including insurance companies, visa and tax authorities)
Prospective buyers
Any other third party provided that you have given your consent to the disclosure
Third-party websites
Our website may include links to third-party websites. When accessing such third-party websites, please note that each of these websites has its own privacy statement. Although JET takes great care in selecting websites to link to, we cannot take responsibility for the way in which they handle your personal data.
Where your data gets sent
JET operates, and processes personal data globally. This may result in processing of your personal data in countries, including the United States, whose data protection laws may differ from those where you live.
If you are in the European Economic Area (EEA), Switzerland, Israel, Australia and the UK, please be aware that we may process and/or transfer your personal data outside of these aforementioned countries. This may include transferring personal data to or accessing it from other jurisdictions, including jurisdictions that may not provide a level of protection equivalent to the your local- and/or data protection laws (“Non-Adequate Country”). You may see the list of Adequate Countries
here
as adopted by the European Commission.
When we transfer personal data outside the countries listed here we adhere to applicable and appropriate safeguards and transfer mechanisms, to ensure safe transfer of your personal data. We provide appropriate and adequate protection for the transfers of personal data to countries outside of the aforementioned countries through a series of agreements with our service providers based on Standard Contractual Clauses adopted by the European Commission (and their approved equivalents for
the UK
and
Switzerland
), and the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“
EU-U.S. DPF
”), the
UK Extension
to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“
Swiss-U.S. DPF
”), as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. You may request a copy of the contractual clauses applicable to transfer of your personal data depending on which country your personal data may be transferred to.
In addition to appropriate contractual safeguards we adopt following organisational and technical measures for protection of your personal data during its transfer outside of the aforementioned countries including:
securing personal data when in transit, including through encryption, and at rest;
mandating training regarding privacy and data security at JET;
implementing internal policies and procedures to limit access to, and use of customer personal data; and
limiting unauthorised access to your personal data, except where required by applicable law or you have consented to the access.
You may contact us via our
privacy form
or the contact details set out below if you need more information on cross border data transfers, or to request copies of applicable contractual safeguards.
Your privacy rights
How to exercise your privacy rights or complaints
If you have any questions about your privacy rights or you wish to exercise the above mentioned rights you may contact us via our
privacy form
or the contact details set out below.
We will do our best to address your request in time and free of charge, except where it would require an excessive and disproportionate effort. In certain cases, we may ask you to verify your identity before we can act on your request.
Regarding requests related to processing or sharing of personal data related to JET for Business, please contact the employer that grants you the JET for Business allowance (which might be your employer, business partner etc.). This is required because JET and the person that grants you the allowance have a separate responsibility with respect to the processing and protection of your personal data.
We inform you that, with regard to your personal data, you can exercise the rights provided for by, and pursuant to applicable data protection laws, which may include:
Right of access
You have the right to access and be informed about your personal data processed by us. You can request a copy of your personal data by contacting us.
Right to withdraw consent
In case the processing is based on a consent you may withdraw your consent at any time free of charge. Withdrawing a consent may lead to fewer possibilities to use our Services. The withdrawal of consent does not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
Right to rectify
You have the right to have incorrect or incomplete personal data we have stored about you corrected or completed by contacting us. You can correct or update some of your personal data through your customer account.
Right to erasure
You may also ask us to delete your personal data from our systems. We will comply with such a request unless we have another legal ground to not delete the data in terms of applicable laws.
Right to object
You may have the right to object to certain use of your personal data if such data is processed for other purposes than necessary for the purposes set out in this Statement or for compliance with a legal obligation. If you object to the further processing of your personal data, this may lead to fewer possibilities to use our Services.
Right to restriction of processing
You may request us to restrict processing of personal data for example when your data erasure, rectification or objection requests are pending and/or when we do not have other legal grounds to process your data. This may however lead to fewer possibilities to use our Services.
Right to data portability
You have the right to receive your personal data processed in accordance with this Statement in a machine-readable format, so that you can store this data in a database of yours or of a third party.
Right to lodge a complaint
You have the right to lodge a complaint with the relevant supervisory authority if you consider that processing of your personal data is infringed.
Security
JET takes personal data protection very seriously and we therefore take appropriate measures to protect your personal data against misuse, loss, unauthorised access, unwanted disclosure, and unauthorised alteration.
Within JET we limit the access to your data as much as possible and only provide our employees access to your data on a “need-to-know” basis.
If you feel that your personal data are not adequately protected or there are indications of misuse, please contact us on
privacy form
.
Contact us
Unless otherwise indicated, Takeaway.com Group B.V. is the controller of your personal data.
If you need to contact us to make requests or if you have any questions and concerns about this Statement and/or our privacy practices and processing activities, please contact us via our
privacy form
For Just Eat for Business (City Pantry Ltd.)
here
For Menulog Pty Ltd. please contact
here
For Just Eat UK please contact
here
For Takeaway.com Group B.V.
here
Just Eat Takeaway.com Data Protection Officer - Takeaway.com Group B.V.
Piet Heinkade 61
1019 GM Amsterdam
Netherlands
Updates to this Statement
We may update this Statement from time to time in response to changing legal, technical or business developments. When we update our Statement, we will take appropriate measures to inform you, consistent with the significance of the changes we make. Where required by applicable data protection law, we will obtain your consent to any material changes to this Statement.
For clarification, it should be noted that the use of the term “Partner” or any similar expression in this Statement does not imply or establish a partnership, employer-employee, or agency relationship of any kind between the mentioned party and JET.
We encourage you to periodically review this Statement for the latest information on our privacy practices.
To the extent we have local language versions, the English version of this Statement shall prevail in case of conflicts or discrepancies between the different language versions.
This Statement was lastly updated on 21.05.2024.
Print or save to PDF