Privacy Policy
01Digital undertakes to protect and preserve the respect it has for its users and visitors. Any changes in such policies, users will be flagged.
Information
Applications of 01Digital may collect information from you to identify your profile through specialized tools, that will help us make improvements in applications, or to identify within our portfolio, what products may fit your interests and from this, indicates them for you. Such information will be treated with full responsibility, while respecting their privacy.
We are located in Brazil, so when you download the app you automatically agree to the transfer of your data to our territory (if accessing from outside).
Our apps has social sharing functionality, where the user can expose your friends / audience to take some actions within the application. For detailed information about how such shares are treated, please visit the privacy policies of social networks in question.
We may with your consent, send push notifications (alerts) for you on application activities, promotional communications and other related messages. You have the option to disable this option through the settings of your device.
There is the possibility of triggering promotional communications, with the aim of offering users the best options according to your profile. When installing the application, you automatically agree to receive such advertising material.
Security
Our company agrees to treat such information provided with the utmost caution, instead of passing them improperly, thus preserving user privacy. We work with partners, developers and service providers in general. Eventually, these people may have access to data stored by us, but we will follow the carefully and if there is suspicion of illegal conduct, we will take severe measures.
Rights
All images and sounds used are protected by copyright, being prohibited its reproduction, distribution or broadcasting without prior consent of the authors.
Contact
To contact us, visit
01digital.zendesk.com