This Policy revision is effective as of October 10, 2023.
Dinova (Dinova, Inc.) respects your privacy and we are committed to protecting it. This notice describes our privacy policy. By visiting
www.dinova.com
, search.dinova.com, my.dinova.com you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice.
What information about customers does Dinova gather?
About Cookies
Does Dinova share information we receive?
How secure is information about me?
Which information can I access?
What options do I have?
Are Children allowed to use the service?
EU-US and Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework
External Websites
Data Security and Retention
Contact Information
The California Consumer Privacy Act
What information about customers does Dinova gather?
Dinova provides two services:
Restaurant Search (search.dinova.com and Dinova mobile application): allows users to find Restaurant locations that participate in the Dinova Restaurant Network. When users purchase at participating restaurants using their Corporate sponsored credit card, the employer receives a rebate.
myDinova Rewards Program (my.dinova.com): The myDinova program is a rewards program available to employees of companies who participate in the Dinova program. Eligible employees may register to become a participant in myDinova to earn points for purchases made at Eligible Restaurants using the Member’s registered corporate credit card. Members may redeem accumulated points for restaurant gift cards through the myDinova website.
The information we learn from customers helps us personalize and continually improve the Dinova experience. The types of information we gather include:
Information You Give Us:
If you use our mobile search or web search we use your location information to provide a list of restaurants near you. No Personal Identifiable information is stored or used for the search applications. If you participate in our myDinova rewards program we collect your username, email, first name, last name, last 4 digits of your credit card and in some cases your employee ID. Additionally, we store your company name, alternate email, and your zip code (if provided). We also store your email and dining preferences, as provided.
Automatic Information:
We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. We collect navigational information when you visit our website or use our mobile app. When you browse our website, a “session cookie” is placed on your hard drive by the web server. This cookie tracks your progress through our site and is created as a convenience to save you time. You can change your browser settings to not accept cookies or to prompt you before accepting the cookie. We also collect or use “session data” that is not personally identifiable to you. We use this data for the purpose of website analytics which help us measure such things as how users are navigating our site, the number of visitors who arrive at certain pages, the length/frequency of visits, and the browsers used to access our site. The information is used to improve the experience.
Dinova Search Mobile App:
If you activate the GPS feature on your phone to use the “Nearby” function of our app, your phone’s GPS program will use your current location to assist you in finding the nearby restaurants.  Our mobile app itself does not collect or store information about your location or any personally identifiable data.
Anonymous Information:
We collect aggregated session data as described in the Automatic Information section above. We may also collect aggregated information about the corporate dining marketplace in general.  For example, we may invite our users to complete a survey about their dining/traveling habits, and if you participate, we may share the aggregated results with third parties.
E-mail Communications:
To help us make e-mails more useful and interesting, we often receive a confirmation when you open e-mail from Dinova.com if your computer supports such capabilities. We also compare our customer list to the list of employees received from your employer, to avoid sending unnecessary messages to our customers. If you do not want to receive e-mail or other mail from us, please adjust your e-mail preferences (myDinova Participants) and/or click the “unsubscribe” link in the emailed received.
Payment Information:
We do not collect any payment information on our users for our restaurant search application. For the rewards program, in order to award points, we require the employee’s corporate credit card to be entered as part of registration for the myDinova rewards program. The credit card number is not stored; it is converted to a unique series of alpha-numeric digits that is encrypted, cannot be reversed and is used to match in-network dining by our proprietary back end system.
Information from other sources:
Your employer submits to Dinova the restaurant transactions paid using your corporate credit card. The information is used to pay a Rebate to your employer for your participation at the Dinova Network restaurant. The information received includes Date, Total Amount, Restaurant Name, Restaurant Location, Authorization Code, Transaction ID, and the last four digits of the credit card.  Dinova may also partner with third-party provider(s), per consent of the employer, to share information related to the enrolled participation within the myDinova Rewards program.  If an employer is participating in a third-party program contracted with Dinova, registered user information provided by the member during the myDinova registration process, including user name and email, may be shared with the applicable third-party provider to award points on all eligible dining transactions performed by the registered Member.
What about cookies?
Cookies are unique identifiers that we transfer to your device to enable our systems to recognize your device and your session to provide features such faster login and ease of usage.
The Help feature on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. Additionally, you can disable or delete similar data used by browser add-ons, such as Flash cookies, by changing the add-on’s settings or visiting the Web site of its manufacturer.
The “session cookie” tracks your progress through our site and is created as a convenience to save you time.  When you close your browser, the cookie is deleted.
To view our Cookie Policy, visit
https://www.dinova.com/cookie-policy/
.
Does Dinova Share the Information We Receive?
Information about our customers is an important part of our business, and we are not in the business of selling it to others. We share customer information only as described below with controls that either are subject to this Privacy Notice or follow practices at least as protective as those described in this Privacy Notice.
Third-Party Service Providers:
We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include postal mail and e-mail, removing repetitive information from customer lists, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, providing restaurant search results, processing rebates, processing loyalty points on behalf of third party providers, and providing customer service. They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions but may not use it for other purposes.
Business Transfers:
As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy subsidiaries, or business units. In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Notice (unless, of course, the customer consents otherwise). Also, in the unlikely event that Dinova, Inc., assets are acquired, customer information will, of course, be one of the transferred assets.
Lawful Requests:
We may disclose an individual’s personal information in response to a lawful request by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
Protection of Dinova and Others:
We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law; enforce or apply other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of Dinova, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and risk reduction. Obviously, however, this does not include selling, renting, sharing, or otherwise disclosing personally identifiable information from customers for commercial purposes in violation of the commitments set forth in this Privacy Notice.
With Your Consent:
Other than as set out above, you will receive notice when information about you might go to third parties, and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information.
How secure is information about me?
We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using encryption technologies for all information that you input.
We use the last four digits of your corporate credit card numbers when we invoice restaurants to confirm the dining transactions. We require this to collect the rebate for your employer and to enable us to award you the rewards points when you become a myDinova participant.
It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer.
What information can I access?
Dinova gives you access to all the information we have about your Rewards account, so you can view and update the information you provided.
You can login to your rewards account at www.dinova.com or
apps.dinova.com
to view and update your information.
You can access your information even after your company selects not to participate in the rewards program.
What options do I have?
You can add or update information on your account by logging into your myDinova Rewards account.
If you do not want to receive e-mail or other mail from us, please adjust your email preferences OR click the “unsubscribe” link when you receive our e-mail. If you do not want to receive our legal notices, such as this Privacy Notice, those notices will still govern your use of Dinova, and it is your responsibility to review them for changes.
The Help feature on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether.
You may opt out of the myDinova Rewards program at any time by contacting support@mydinova.com.
Are children allowed to use the service?
No, Dinova does not provide or sell products or services to children.
We do not knowingly collect personal information from Children under the age of 13.
Our Program is targeted to employees of corporations that participate in our Restaurant Rebate Program and are eligible for their employer sponsored credit card program.
EU-US Data Privacy Framework
Dinova complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.  Dinova has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF.  Dinova has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF.  If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern.  To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
You can review our Data Privacy Framework registration at
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/participant-search
(search for ‘Dinova’). Dinova, Inc. is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC).
Pursuant to the Data Privacy Frameworks, EU, UK, and Swiss individuals have the right to obtain our confirmation of whether we maintain personal information relating to you in the United States. Upon request, we will provide you with access to the personal information that we hold about you. You may also correct, amend, or delete the personal information we hold about you. An individual who seeks access, or who seeks to correct, amend, or delete inaccurate data transferred to the United States under Data Privacy Framework, should direct their query to
privacy@dinova.com
. If requested to remove data, we will respond within a reasonable timeframe.
We will provide an individual opt-out choice, or opt-in for sensitive data, before we share your data with third parties other than our agents, or before we use it for a purpose other than which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized. To request to limit the use and disclosure of your personal information, please submit a written request to
privacy@dinova.com
.
We may be required to disclose personal information that we handle under the Data Privacy Framework in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
Dinova, Inc.’s accountability for personal data that it receives in the United States under the Data Privacy Framework and subsequently transfers to a third party is described in the Data Privacy Framework Principles. In particular, Dinova, Inc. remains responsible and liable under the Data Privacy Framework Principles if third-party agents that it engages to process personal data on its behalf do so in a manner inconsistent with the Principles, unless Dinova, Inc. proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
Principles, Dinova, Inc. commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information transferred to the United States pursuant to Data Privacy Framework. European Union, United Kingdom, and Swiss individuals with Data Privacy Framework inquiries or complaints should first contact, Dinova, Inc. at:
privacy@dinova.com
.
Dinova, Inc. has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the Data Privacy Framework Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism, the BBB National Programs Data Privacy Framework Services. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please visit
Process
For Consumers (bbbprograms.org)
for more information and to file a complaint. This service is provided free of charge to you.
If your Data Privacy Framework complaint cannot be resolved through the above channels, under certain conditions, you may invoke binding arbitration for some residual claims not resolved by other redress mechanisms.  See Data Privacy Framework at
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/G-Arbitration-Procedures-dpf
.
External Websites
Our website includes links to social media sites or other external sites.  We do not control and are not responsible for the content or practices of these other websites.  Our provision of these links does not constitute endorsement of these sites, their content, owners, policies or practices.  They are each subject to their own privacy and usage policies.
Data Security and Retention
We use our best efforts to ensure your privacy, including restricting access to your personal information to those individuals within our company who need to know that information to operate, manage, or expand our dining network.  We screen all job applicants thoroughly and provide security awareness training to our staff.
We also maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect your personal information.  We secure the personal information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secured environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure.
We retain personal information you provide as long as we consider it potentially useful in contacting you about the program in accordance with your opt-in preferences as outlined elsewhere in this policy.  If you request to be removed from our network or opt out of communications from us, we will securely delete your information accordingly.
Contact Information
If you have questions or concerns about this policy, please contact the Dinova Privacy Office at privacy@dinova.com.  You may also send your query or comments to:
Dinova, Inc
Attn:  Dinova Privacy Office
6455 E Johns Crossing
Suite 220
Johns Creek, GA30097
The California Consumer Privacy Act
Under the California Consumer Privacy Act (‘CCPA’), California residents have certain rights regarding the personal information that businesses have about them. This includes the rights to request access or deletion of your personal information, as well as the right to direct a business to stop selling your personal information.
Personal Information We Collect
We collect identifiers (such as name, address, email, phone number, job title, and transactional information), commercial information (such as a record of the services purchased or demos requested), and Internet or other electronic network activity information (such as usage information, IP address, cookie information, and customer feedback).
Why We Collect Your Personal Information
We use identifiers to provide the services requested, such as to fulfill a request for a demo, provide access to a webinar, or provide you with information about our services.
We use identifiers and commercial information for general website administration, which includes record keeping, troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, and survey purposes.
We use identifiers, commercial information, and Internet or other electronic network activity for trend monitoring, marketing, and advertising, as well as to ensure website security.
How We Collect Your Personal Information
We collect identifiers and commercial information directly from you.
We collect Internet or other electronic network activity from your usage of the Dinova website and its services.
With Whom We Share and Sell Your Personal Information
Dinova shares personal information as necessary for certain “business purposes,” as defined by the CCPA (Cal. Civ. Code 1798.140(d)). This includes sharing identifiers, commercial information and internet or other electronic network activity with providers of payment processing, customer relationship management, consulting, email, product feedback and helpdesk services.
While Dinova does not sell personal information in exchange for any monetary consideration, we do share personal information for other benefits that could
be deemed a “sale,” as defined by the CCPA (Cal. Civ. Code 1798.140(t)(1)). This includes sharing identifiers, commercial information and internet or other electronic network activity with advertising networks, website analytics companies, and event sponsors.
The Right to Opt-out of Sale
While Dinova does not sell personal information in exchange for any monetary consideration, we do share personal information for other benefits that could be deemed a “sale,” as defined by the CCPA (Cal. Civ. Code 1798.140(t)(1)). We support the CCPA and wish to provide you with control over how your personal information is collected and shared.
You have the right to direct Dinova to not sell your personal information. With respect to cookies, you can always customize your settings at any time.
Please note that we may still use aggregated and de-identified personal information that does not identify you or any individual; we may also retain
information as needed in order to comply with legal obligations, enforce agreements, and resolve disputes.
Right to Request Disclosure
You have the right to request disclosure about what categories of personal information Dinova has sold or disclosed for a business purpose about you and the categories of third parties to whom the personal information was sold or disclosed. Additionally, you have the right to request disclosure of specific pieces of information. Below is a full list of the information that you can include in your request.
The categories of personal information that Dinova has collected about you
The categories of sources from which Dinova collected the personal information
The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling the personal information
The categories of third parties with whom Dinova shares personal information
The specific pieces of personal information Dinova has collected about you
The categories of personal information that Dinova disclosed about you for a business purpose
The categories of personal information that Dinova has sold about you, as well as the categories of third parties to whom Dinova sold the information
If you would like to exercise your right to request disclosure, please fill out this
request form
. Our privacy team will examine your request and respond to you as quickly as possible.
Right to Request Deletion
You have the right to request that Dinova delete any personal information about your that Dinova has collected from you. Please note that there are exceptions where Dinova does not have to fulfill a request to delete information, such as when the deletion of information would create problems with the completion of a transaction or compliance with a legal obligation. If you would like to exercise your right to delete, please fill out this
request form
. Our privacy team will examine your request and respond to you as quickly as possible.
The Right to Non-Discrimination
Dinova will not discriminate against you (e.g., through denying goods or services, or providing a different level or quality of goods or services) for exercising any of the rights afforded to you.
Contact Information
In compliance with the CCPA, we commit to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your Personal Information. California residents with inquiries or complaints regarding this Privacy Notice should first contact Dinova at:
Alberto Romero
Director of Privacy
policy@dinova.com
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/:
You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Please wait while application initialize...
;
Sub-policy 1
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/participant-search:
You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Please wait while application initialize...
;
Sub-policy 2
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/G-Arbitration-Procedures-dpf:
You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Please wait while application initialize...
;