Our app does not collect any data on behalf of Apple Inc, Google Play or Amazon.
This privacy policy relates to the promoter of this app, as set out below
Driving Test Success Ltd
The Studios
Lea Hall Enterprise Park
Wheelhouse Road
Brereton
Rugeley
WS15 1LH
United Kingdom
IMPORTANT NOTE:
If you are aged sixteen or under, you must obtain your parent’s or guardian’s permission before you send us any personal data.
We are committed to safeguarding your privacy; this policy sets out how we will treat your personal information.
What information do we collect?
We may collect, store and use the following kinds of personal information:
information about your device and app usage (including the duration and number of sessions, app launches/opens/updates, in-app purchases, operating system, device model, geographical location, referral source and app navigation and general usage)
information that you provide to us for the purpose of email notifications, registering with us, newsletters and/or entering a competition;
any other information that you choose to send to us
Using your personal information
Personal information submitted to us will be used for the purposes specified in this privacy policy.
We may use your personal information to:
send you email notifications which you have specifically requested
send to you our newsletter and other marketing communications relating to our business which we think may be of interest to you where you have specifically agreed to this, by email or similar technology (you can inform us at any time if you no longer require marketing communications)
send you goods if you win a contest
deal with enquiries made by or about you; We will not without your express consent provide your personal information to any third parties for the purpose of direct marketing
improve the user experience and features within the app
provide third parties with statistical information about our users – but this information will not be used to identify any individual use
deal with enquiries and complaints made by or about you relating to the app
invite you to review the app either directly on the App Store or via a trusted third-party service, such as Trustpilot
Auto-renewable subscription Terms of Use
Free trials are offered at our own discretion and can be withdrawn at any time. Any free trial that is offered will automatically be renewed as a paid subscription unless you switch the auto-renew off at least 24 hours before the trial period is due to end. The free trial period can only be claimed once.
Payment is charged through your iTunes or Google Play account at confirmation of purchase. If you proceed to payment before the end of your free trial, then the unused portion of the free trial is forfeited after purchase.
You have full control over your subscription (including the duration, cancellation and auto-renewals), all of which can be managed from your iTunes or Google Play Account Settings after purchase. No cancellation of the current subscription is allowed during the active period.
Details of the subscription fees and options are clearly defined on iTunes and Google Play and can also be viewed during the sign-up process.
In the event that you do not pay your subscription, then access to the revision materials within the app will be revoked. You can recommence your subscription at any point. Once your subscription has been turned on and payment made, then you will regain full access to the app.
In the event of a price promotion or extended trial periods, we are unable to offer refunds to previous purchases made outside of the promotional time frame..
For help with your subscription please contact
support@drivingtestsuccess.com
.
Disclosures
We may disclose information about you to any of our employees, officers, agents, suppliers or subcontractors insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes as set out in this privacy policy.
In addition, we may disclose your personal information:
to the extent that we are required to do so by law
in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings
in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk)
to the purchaser (or prospective purchaser) of any business or asset that we are (or are contemplating) selling; and
to any person who we reasonably believe may apply to a court or other competent authority for disclosure of that personal information where, in our reasonable opinion, such court or authority would be reasonably likely to order disclosure of that personal information
Except as provided in this privacy policy, we will not provide your information to third parties.
International data transfers
Information that we collect may be stored and processed in and transferred between any of the countries in which we operate in order to enable us to use the information in accordance with this privacy policy.
Information which you provide may be transferred to countries which do not have data protection laws equivalent to those in force in the European Economic Area.  In addition, personal information that you submit for publication on the website (for example if you win the contest) will be published on the internet and may be available, via the internet, around the world.
We cannot prevent the use or misuse of such information by others. You expressly agree to such transfers of personal information.
Security of your personal information
We will take reasonable technical and organisational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information.
We will store all the personal information you provide on our secure (password- and firewall- protected) servers. All electronic transactions you make to or receive from us will be encrypted using SSL technology.
Policy amendments
We may update this privacy policy from time-to-time.  You should check this website occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes. We may also notify you of changes to our privacy policy by email.
Your rights
You may instruct us to provide you with any personal information we hold about you. Provision of such information will be subject to:
the payment of a fee (currently fixed at £10.00); and
the supply of appropriate evidence of your identity
We may withhold such personal information to the extent permitted by law.
You may instruct us not to process your personal information for marketing purposes, by sending an email to us. In practice, you will usually either expressly agree in advance to our use of your personal information for marketing purposes, or we will provide you with an opportunity to opt-out of the use of your personal information for marketing purposes.
Updating information
Please let us know if the personal information which we hold about you needs to be corrected or updated.
Contact
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or our treatment of your personal information, please write to us by emailing
support@drivingtestsuccess.com
or by post to Driving Test Success Ltd, The Studios, Lea Hall, Enterprise Park, Wheelhouse Road, Brereton, Rugeley, Staffordshire, WS15 1LH, United Kingdom.
Data controller
The data controller responsible in respect of the information collected by this app is Driving Test Success Limited (UK). Our data protection registration number is CSN7448390.