Get Your OpenSprinkler Right Now!
We will ship your order right away.
Order now!
Quick and Easy Installation
Worried about the technical expertise needed to replace your outdated controller with OpenSprinkler? Installation is a breeze and we'll walk you through it with video tutorials. All you'll need are screwdrivers and about half an hour of time. That's it!
What Customers Say About Us
Automate and Access Sprinklers from Anywhere
Keeping your lawn and flowers beautiful doesn't have to be stressful. OpenSprinkler unchains you from your sprinkler or irrigation control box, enabling you to program, run, or stop zones at any time from anywhere.
Whether you are at your desktop, laptop, tablet or phone; whether you are at home, office, or traveling on the road, you can access OpenSprinkler through any modern browser; or use our free apps available for all mobile platforms.
Customize Like Crazy
How many custom programs do you need? One for everything? How about a different program for each day or each zone? With OpenSprinkler you can create a wide array of independent programs with custom start times to fit your need. You can visualize programs using the preview feature, and check station runs through graphical plots of the logging data.
Use a master zone or pump; run zones in sequence or parallel; easily expand the number of zones; give each zone and each program a custom name -- these are all supported by OpenSprinkler. Attach a rain sensor, or manually set rain delay time. Take it one step further and use our automatic weather-driven algorithms: your sprinkler water times are constantly adjusted based on your local weather and rainfall conditions. No proprietary weather data -- we use data that's publicly available around the world.
Raspberry Pi
OpenSprinkler started out as a hobby kit for makers and software developers. We continue supporting those communities with our Raspberry Pi version.
Get Your OpenSprinkler Right Now!
Our smart sprinkler controller is ready to ship to you immediately.
Order now!
We are currently away on vacation till Friday, March 21. Any orders placed during this period will be shipped on Saturday, March 22. Thank you for your understanding!
Dismiss
Original text
Rate this translation
Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate