Effective May 25, 2018
In this Privacy Policy we explain:
The ways we collect personal data about you and why we do so
How we use your personal data, and
The choices you have about your personal data.
This Privacy Policy applies to all of Pint Please Global Oy’s apps, websites and other related services, collectively the “Services”. Please note that we may from time to time update this Privacy Policy by posting a new version on pintplease.com. If we make any material changes, we will notify you by posting a notice in the Services prior to the change becoming effective. Your continued use of the Services after the effective date will be subject to the new Privacy Policy.
How to contact us
If you have questions about data protection or if you have any requests for resolving issues with your personal data, we encourage you to primarily contact us through our apps so we can reply to you more quickly.
Name of the company collecting the personal data (the controller): Pint Please Global Oy
Address: Rantakatu 3, 90100 Oulu, Finland
Email: info@pinplease.com
The personal data we collect
Data you provide us
Username
Email address
Other data you choose to give us (such as information or content posted by you in the Services or support tickets)
Data we collect automatically
Your IP address and mobile device identifiers (such as your device ID, advertising ID MAC address and/or IMEI)
Data about your device, such as device name and operating system, browser type and language
Data we collect with cookies and similar technologies (see more below)
Coarse location data (country or city-specific)
We also may create a Pint Please Global Oy and/or app-specific IDs for you when you use the Services
Data we collect from our partners
Data we receive if you link a third-party tool with the Services (such as login using your Facebook or Google account)
Demographic data (such as to determine the coarse location of your IP address)
Data to fight fraud (such as to prevent unauthorized advertising in our Services)
Data from platforms that the apps run on (such as to verify payments)
Data for advertising and analytics purposes, so we can keep improving our Services
Why we collect your data
To make the Services work (performance of contract)
We process data necessary to
Create accounts and allow you to use our apps and our Services
Operate the Services
Verify and confirm payments
Provide and deliver products and services you request
Send you communication related to the Services
To make the Services more enjoyable for our users (legitimate interests)
We collect and process necessary data to
Update and develop user profiles
Develop and improve the Services and user experience
Manage our relationship with you
Provide social features as part of the Services
Customize your Services experience
Respond to your comments and questions and provide user support
Provide you offers in the Services related to other Pint Please Global Oy’s products and services
Send you related information, such as updates, security alerts, and support messages
Enable you to communicate with other users
To give you suggestions related to your use of the Services (such as to suggest events or similar products you’ve reviewed in our Services)
To show you advertisements in the Services
To keep the Services safe and fair (legitimate interests)
Ensuring high quality in our Services is a top priority for us.
In order to keep the Services and their social features safe and high quality, to fight fraud and ensure acceptable use otherwise, we have a legitimate interest to process necessary data to
Analyze and monitor use of the Services and its social features
Moderate commenting either automatically or manually
Take action against fraudulent or misbehaving users
To analyze, profile, and segment
In all of the above cases and purposes, we may analyze, profile and segment all collected data in anonymized form.
Who can see your data
Apart from Pint Please Global Oy, your data can be accessed by others in the following situations:
Other users
Social features are a core component of our Services. Other users may, for example, see your profile data, in-app activities and read the reviews and messages you have posted.
Other companies and public authorities
In order to combat fraud and illegal activity, we may exchange data with other companies and organizations and provide it to public authorities in response to lawful requests.
We may also disclose your data based on your consent, to comply with the law or to protect the rights, property or safety of us, our users or others.
International data transfers
Our Services are global by nature and your data can therefore be transferred to anywhere in the world. Because different countries may have different data protection laws than your own country, we take steps to ensure adequate safeguards are in place to protect your data as explained in this Privacy Policy. Adequate safeguards that our partners may use include standard contractual clauses approved by EU Commission and the Privacy Shield certification in case of transfers to the USA.
Your rights and options
Access the personal data we hold about you
If you request, we will provide you a copy of your personal data in an electronic format.
Your other rights
You also have the right to correct your data, have your data deleted, object how we use or share your data, and restrict how we use or share your data. If certain personal data is processed based on consent given by you, such consent can also be withdrawn by you at any time, for example in the applicable app’s settings.
We will respond to all requests within a reasonable timeframe. If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact your local data protection authority within the European Economic Area for unresolved complaints.
Cookies and similar technologies
Like most online services, we and our partners use cookies and similar technologies to provide and personalize the Services, analyse use, target advertisements and prevent fraud. You can disable cookies in your browser or device’s settings, but some parts of the Services may then not function properly.
How do we protect your data
Security Safeguards
In order to help ensure a secure and safe user experience, we are continuously developing and implementing administrative, technical and physical security measures to protect your data from unauthorized access or against loss, misuse or alteration.
Data retention
We retain your data for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you the Services. We will for example periodically de-identify unused user accounts and we regularly review and de-identify unnecessary data.
Note that if you ask us to remove your personal data, we will retain your data as necessary for our legitimate business interests, such as to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.