コンテンツ
* Please also refer to the "
Terms of Use
" of this website.
FURUNO ELECTRIC CO., LTD. (hereinafter referred to as "FURUNO") recognizes the importance of protecting the names, addresses, telephone numbers, and other information (hereinafter referred to as "Personal Information") of the shareholders and all other persons concerned with FURUNO  (hereinafter referred to as "you") and considers that it is its social responsibility to process such information appropriately.
We have formulated the Personal Information Protection Policies as follows, processed Personal Information in accordance with it, and strived to ensure thorough compliance with this policy for FURUNO and its group companies.
Personal Information Protection Policies
FURUNO shall securely store the Personal Information obtained under strict management, take security measures against unauthorized access, loss, destruction, falsification, leakage, etc., and retain the Personal Information for the period stipulated by law or for the period required to achieve the purposes for which the Personal Information was obtained.
FURUNO shall clarify the purpose of use of the Personal Information, collect the Personal Information through legal and fair means, and use the Personal Information appropriately within the scope of the purpose of use.
FURUNO shall comply with applicable laws, regulations, guidelines, and internal regulations regarding the processing of Personal Information. When providing Personal Information to its overseas subsidiaries and third parties, FURUNO shall confirm and comply with applicable laws, etc. regarding cross-border transfers of Personal Information.
FURUNO shall respond to requests for disclosure, correction, etc., of Personal Information (“Retained Personal Data” stipulated by the Act on the Protection of Personal Information) without delay after confirming your identity.
Processing of Your Personal Information
FURUNO processes your Personal Information as follows. Please refer to
this
for the processing of the shareholders' Personal Information.
Purpose of Use for Your Personal Information
FURUNO shall use your Personal Information within the scope of the following purposes of use based on your consent to such use or where such use is required for the performance of contracts or fulfillment of FURUNO’s statutory obligations.
Purpose of Use for Personal Information of Customers, Business Partners, etc.
Planning, research, and development of products, goods and services
Provision of information on products, goods and services (transmission and sending of e-mails, DMs, catalogs, etc.)
Sale and provision of products, goods and services (shipment of products, etc.)
Repair, support, and maintenance of products, goods and services
After-sales, inspection, and version upgrading services for goods and service
Issuance of warranty and user registration
Information on exhibitions, events, campaigns, fairs, events, trainings and seminars, reservations of facilities and equipment, registration and management of participants, collection of fees, and dispatch of prizes
Implementation, tabulation and analysis of monitoring and questionnaire surveys, and preparation of statistical materials
Conducting business negotiations and meetings, and communications
Performance of contracts
Entry and exit management for FURUNO group facilities
Response, confirmation, and recording of inquiries and consultations
Purpose of Use for Personal Information of Employees, etc.
Performance of personnel and labor control procedures for employment management, payment of salaries and other allowances, proper placement of personnel, evaluation, skill development, welfare, safety and health, etc.
Preparation of documents required to share information among employees, such as in-house rosters and in-house magazines, and notifications in normal or emergency situations
Operation and management of Seiyukai (former employees' association)
Receipt, implementation, and management of procedures based on laws and internal regulations, in addition to the preceding items
Purpose of Use for Personal Information of Recruiting Applicants, Internship Applicants and Retirees
Consideration and determination of recruiting
Provision of information to applicants for employment and internship, and other communications (corporate information, recruitment information, and other related information)
Use for recruitment activities (management of recruitment, preparation of statistics and related materials)
Conducting all activities related to personnel management, such as human resource development and welfare, during employment
Provision of information and communications to retirees
Provision of Your Personal Information to Third Parties
We will not provide your Personal Information to third parties except under the following circumstances:
Where the data subject consents to the provision
Where the provision is based on law
Where the provision is require to protect human life, body or property and it is difficult to obtain the data subject’s consent
Where FURUNO entrusts all or part of the processing of Personal Information to the extent necessary to achieve the purposes of use for Personal Information
Where FURUNO provides Personal Information to FURUNO’s agents, distributors, etc., who are or will be in charge of you to the extent necessary to achieve the purposes of use for Personal Information
Where Personal Information is provided as a result of business succession due to merger or other reasons
Where it is necessary to cooperate with a state agency, local government, or a person commissioned thereby in the execution of legal affairs, and obtaining the person’s consent may interfere with such execution
Joint Use of Your Personal Information
Your Personal Information obtained by FURUNO may be jointly used with FURUNO’s subsidiaries (including overseas subsidiaries; the same shall apply hereinafter) for the purposes for which consent has been obtained (including obvious purposes) and to the extent necessary to achieve the above purposes of use. Also, Personal Information of partner companies (including suppliers, subcontractors for processing/operation, and other service providers) is jointly used with FURUNO’s subsidiaries.
When Personal Information is jointly used, FURUNO strives for safety management of Personal Information to prevent leakage or retransmission of other joint users by imposing duties through confidential agreements, etc.
Since the scope of joint users includes FURUNO’s overseas subsidiaries, please understand that your Personal Information may be provided not only to its domestic subsidiaries but also to its overseas subsidiaries.
Items of Personal Information to Be Jointly Used
Name, affiliation (company, department, etc.), position, contact information (address, telephone number, e-mail address, etc.), sales and construction information regarding FURUNO’s goods and services, and other items necessary for the achievement of the above purposes of use such as maintenance service history.
Scope of Joint Users
FURUNO’s Subsidiaries:
Domestic Subsidiaries
Overseas Subsidiaries
Others:
FURUNO ELECTRIC Health Insurance Association
FURUNO ELECTRIC Corporate Pension Fund
FURUNO ELECTRIC Labor Union
Entity Responsible for Management of Joint Use
FURUNO ELECTRIC CO., LTD.
Procedures for Requesting Disclosure, etc. of Your Personal Information
(1) Personal Information Subject to Request
Your Personal Information which FURUNO has the authority of disclosure, correction, addition, deletion, and discontinuation of use or provision (the "Retained Personal Data" as stipulated by law) is the subject of your request. However, please note that there are cases which are beyond the scope of request because of applicable laws.
(2) Persons Who May Request
Only persons who are identified by your Personal Information in FURUNO’s possession, or the representatives of such persons (representatives authorized by the person, or legal representatives of the person such as parental authority, etc.), may request disclosure, etc. of Personal Information.
(3) Method of Request
Inquiries about Personal Information
* FURUNO may request to submit a prescribed form of documents, etc.
* Inquiries can be made only by you or your legal representative. Also, FURUNO may ask to confirm your identity or your representative’s authorization.
* FURUNO may charge fees including actual cost.
Inquiries Regarding Your Personal Information
For inquiries about i) confirmations of the purposes of use, ii) requests for disclosure, correction, addition, deletion, discontinuation of use or provision, and iii) complaints regarding the Personal Information (Retained Personal Data) held by FURUNO, please contact the following.
Any consent for processing Personal Information may be withdrawn at any time. Also, regarding the processing of Personal Information, you may file a complaint with the Personal Information Protection Commission or other supervisory authorities.
Contact Information
FURUNO ELECTRIC CO., LTD.
Personal Information Supervisor,
9-52 Ashihara-cho, Nishinomiya City, Hyogo,
662-8580, Japan
Inquiries about Personal Information
Please note that any inquiries made by visiting FURUNO will not be accepted.
Detailed inquiries may be forwarded to the department in charge.
Processing of Shareholders’ Personal Information
FURUNO processes the Personal Information of shareholders as follows.
Purpose of Use of Shareholders' Personal Information
FURUNO will use the shareholders’s Personal Information to the extent required for fulfillment of its legal obligations, etc. within the scope of the following purposes of use.
Purpose of Use for Personal Information of Shareholders
Exercise of rights and fulfillment of obligations under the Companies Act
Management and recording of the general meeting of shareholders
Provision of benefits by FURUNO to the shareholders
Examination and implementation of measures to facilitate the relationship between shareholders and FURUNO
Shareholder management (preparation of data based on applicable laws)
Procedures for Requesting Disclosure, etc. of Shareholders’ Personal Information
Requests for disclosure, correction, deletion, discontinuation of use, deletions, etc., and proposals regarding the processing of shareholders’ Personal Information by shareholders themselves shall be submitted to the following contact. (Please note that these requests and proposals may not be accepted because of the Companies Act and other related laws.)
Inquiries About Shareholders’ Personal Information
For inquiries about shareholders’ Personal Information, please contact the following.
Contact Information
Mizuho Trust & Banking Co., Ltd.
Stock Transfer Agency Department
(Administrator of Shareholder Registry)
2-8-4, Izumi, Suginami-ku, Tokyo,
168-8507, Japan
Telephone: ＋81(0)3-5213-5213
(Toll Free only from Japan: 0120-288-324)
9:00 to 17:00 Tokyo local time
(excluding Saturdays, Sundays and national holidays)