Privacy Policy
This is a privacy policy for apps and services by 10tons Ltd. Address: Hämeenkatu 5B, 6th floor, 33100 Tampere, Finland. Questions can be sent to contact@10tons.com.
Collecting Anonymous Information
On web pages we use cookies (small files stored by your browser) to anonymously identify your computer or device so we can deliver a better experience. Web servers may also log information like the IP address for business critical security purposes. We log visitor amounts and anonymized data in Google Analytics to see how many visitors there are and what they do. Google retains this data perpetually and we use it to monitor our site health and traffic.
Usually we do not collect personally identifiable information about you. In other words, we do not collect information such as your name, address, phone number or email address.
The exception to this rule is when you subscribe to our e-mail newsletter via a website or a mobile app. This is done with an explicit consent from you when you give us your e-mail address and confirm the subscription. The data is currently stored by MailChimp. The email addressses can be used to contact the subscribers about our games and they’re retained until unsubscribed. MailChimp may need to store info about unsubscription so that it can prevent any outgoing email to any unsubscribed address in any scenario.
If you use the anonymous feedback system in one of our games, your feedback may be stored in a project management system such as Trello or Hacknplan. The reports are used to fix bugs and make improvements in the games. This data is retained usually as long as the product is actively updated and the entry in these project management systems is not deleted. This can be several years.  However, this data is not personally identifiable unless the user purposefully enters unnecessary details on his own.
Children
We do not knowingly contact or collect personal information from children under 13. If you believe we have inadvertently collected such information, please contact us so we can promptly obtain pa- rental consent or remove the information from any systems.
Location
We do not knowingly use or collect your precise geographic location. We use anonymized ips in Google Analytics.
Request to See Data
You can contact us via e-mail to review any personally identifiable information we may have stored. To our knowledge, the only thing should be a possible subscription to a newsletter from one of our web pages. The contact address is contact@10tons.com
Data Deletion
We remove personally identifiable information associated with your account promptly after you contact us and request deletion. We may retain other data indefinitely. Some data may be controlled by a third party like a mailing list provider. In that case we’ll take steps to communicate the need for total deletion to them.