advertisement
Home
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
FPNotebook Library
Cardiovascular Medicine
Dentistry
Dermatology
Emergency Medicine
Endocrinology
Gastroenterology
Geriatric Medicine
Gynecology
Hematology and Oncology
Human Immunodeficiency Virus
Infectious Disease
Jokes
Mental Health
Neonatology
Nephrology
Neurology
Obstetrics
Ophthalmology
Orthopedics
Otolaryngology
Pathology and Laboratory Medicine
Pediatrics
Pharmacology
Practice Management
Prevention
Pulmonology
Radiology
Rheumatology
Sports Medicine
Surgery
Urology
1. Agreement
Family
                                Practice Notebook is an Internet-based on-line medical reference. By using this
                                website, you agree to the terms found here.  Please review these terms
                                periodically, as they may change without advanced notice.
2. License
You are
                                invited to use the Family Practice Notebook website for your personal use,
                                downloading or printing this information within the guidelines of these terms
                                and conditions.  You may not however reproduce any portion of these web pages'
                                text or graphics without prior written consent.
3. Links
For your convenience, Family Practice
                                Notebook links to other medical web sites.  Paid links are marked clearly
                                as advertisements.  The Family Practice Notebook LLC is not responsible for,
                                nor does it endorse the actions of other web sites or advertisers.  Please
                                let us know if you believe a link or advertisement to be distasteful, illegal,
                                inaccurate, or otherwise out of line with the values you expect from this
                                website.
4. Warranty Disclaimer
The Family Practice
                                Notebook website strives to offer reliable reference materials to medical
                                professionals.  Readers outside the medical profession are welcome to use
                                this website as a resource; this should, however, not be interpreted as medical
                                advice, and does not in any way replace professional medical care. 
                                Patients should always address specific medical concerns with their physicians.
The Family Practice
                                Notebook website tries to maintain an accurate and up-to-date medical
                                database.  However, typographical errors and inaccurate information are
                                unavoidable with a project this size and with an ever changing medical
                                landscape.  The user of this website assumes complete responsibility in
                                applying any management strategies documented  here.  Healthcare
                                professionals need to use their own clinical judgement in interpreting this
                                medical information, and details such as medication dosages or laboratory normal
                                values should always be confirmed with other resources.  As always, this
                                website welcomes feedback to correct its errors.
The information found within this website is provided
                                as a service and is without guarantee.  You assume the risk of computer
                                viruses, worms, trojan horses and other destructive code by downloading files
                                from this website.
5. Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Family Practice Notebook LLC, its
                                officers, directors, employees, authors, partners, and advertisers from and
                                against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorney's
                                fees, resulting from any violation of this agreement.
6. Waiver, Release and Limitation of Liability
You release Family Practice Notebook LLC, its officers, directors, employees, authors,
                                partners, and
                                advertisers from any
                                liability relating to your use of  this website. You waive any claims
                                for sustained losses or damages from use of Family Practice Notebook. 
                                Notwithstanding, these claims should not exceed what the user paid to access
                                this medical information.
7. Third Party Rights
Family Practice Notebook LLC,
                                its officers, directors, employees, authors, partners, and advertisers may use
                                the provisions of paragraph 5 and 6 on their own behalf.
8. Severability
Each provision in this agreement
                                stands independently; they are severable.  In the event that any provision
                                herein is found to be invalid, this shall not affect the validity of the
                                remaining provisions.
9. Privacy
Maintaining the privacy of the web site user is important to the publishers of
                                the Family Practice Notebook. Unlike the Fpnotebook IOS/Android versions which are
                                supported by subscription, this website is supported by advertising. Modern website
                                advertising (e.g. as of 2020) identifies individual users in order to serve targeted
                                ads. However, fpnotebook does not sell any information about you collected on the
                                website.
                                Ads appearing on this Web site are delivered to you by our Web advertising partners, and
                                their policies are described below. Please see the
FPNotebook Privacy Statement
.
10. Third Party Advertising
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These
                                companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or
                                telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide
                                advertisements on this site and other sites about goods and services that may be of
                                interest to you. 
                                Per site author discretion, advertising is not accepted if it is degrades the overall
                                quality of the site. Site users are encouraged to offer feedback regarding advertising
                                quality.
The authors of this website have sole discretion over the content of the site;
                                medical accuracy is paramount.  Advertisers do not influence content. 
                                Advertising is both labeled and clearly delimited from medical content.
11. Third Party Cookies
In the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third-party advertiser may
                                place or recognize a unique "cookie" on your browser. All modern browsers allow
                                customization to disable cookies. This website is still accessible despite disabling
                                cookies; however certain added features may be unavailable without the use of cookies.
Fpnotebook does not sell your information to third parties. However, third party
                                advertisers may be able to identify you from cookies in your browser. In addition,
                                FPnotebook partners with UBM Medica for advertising, and users who specifically
                                subscribe to UBM Medica's services may have their browsing history discerned by third
                                parties. Again, disabling cookies in your internet browser will disable tracking.
12. Website traffic analysis
In order to monitor website usage, our traffic analysis solution may use "cookies." The
                                two traffic analysis tools used on this site are Google Analytics and Adobe Omniture.
                                FPnotebook uses these tools only to monitor overall trends in usage and return visitors,
                                but not to collect personal information about the user. As noted above, cookies may be
                                disabled in your browser's option panel."
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://fpnotebook.com/privacy.htm:
advertisement
Home
Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement
FPNotebook Library
Cardiovascular Medicine
Dentistry
Dermatology
Emergency Medicine
Endocrinology
Gastroenterology
Geriatric Medicine
Gynecology
Hematology and Oncology
Human Immunodeficiency Virus
Infectious Disease
Jokes
Mental Health
Neonatology
Nephrology
Neurology
Obstetrics
Ophthalmology
Orthopedics
Otolaryngology
Pathology and Laboratory Medicine
Pediatrics
Pharmacology
Practice Management
Prevention
Pulmonology
Radiology
Rheumatology
Sports Medicine
Surgery
Urology
General
At FPNotebook, ensuring the privacy of our Web site visitors is an important concern. We
                                will not collect any personal information about our Web site visitors unless it is
                                submitted voluntarily, in which case we will act in a responsible manner to protect your
                                personal information.
                                We are committed to keeping email addresses confidential; we will not sell, rent or
                                lease our mailing lists to third parties, and we will not provide your personal
                                information to any third party individuals or companies without your permission.
Server Logs & IP Addresses
FPNotebook does keep track of server logs in order to perform internal statistical
                                analyses. These logs do not contain personal information such as name or email address.
                                The logs are used to analyze what areas of our Web site are most popular, in an effort
                                to better serve our Web site visitors.
Product Registration (Including free downloads)
Information submitted here is used for statistical analysis and internal operations as
                                well as to update our subscriber lists. The information submitted, whether it is a
                                purchase, a download of a demo product, or simply providing information for a free
                                download, remains confidential and is for our records only. We keep this information so
                                that we can notify customers of product upgrades, announcements, and new releases.
Links
This web site may contain links to other sites. We are not responsible for the privacy
                                practices of other sites. Read the privacy statements of each web site that collects
                                identifiable information.
Cookies
“Cookies” are pieces of information that are placed on an User’s computer hard drive to
                                enable the User to more easily communicate and interact with the Site. We use cookies to
                                customize your experience on the Site. We will not use cookies to store individually
                                identifiable information about a User. Most Internet browsers include preference
                                settings that allow Users to be notified when, and control whether, cookies are
                                transferred to their computers. Users may disallow receiving cookies at any time through
                                their Web browser, though such action may compromise the ability to use certain features
                                available on the Site. It is not our intention to use cookies to retrieve information
                                that is unrelated to our Site or your interaction with our Site.
DMD Healthcare Communications Network Participation Disclosure
This website is a member of the DMD Healthcare Communications Network (the “HCN”). HCN
                                is owned and managed by DMD Marketing Corp (“DMD”) and is designed to enable DMD and HCN
                                members to provide medically relevant business communications to authenticated health
                                care professionals.
                                Your registration at this website includes registration with HCN. As a result, your
                                contact and other professionally relevant information will be disclosed to DMD and each
                                HCN member to provide you medically relevant content as described the HCN privacy policy
                                available at
https://HCN.health/privacy-policy/
. The HCN privacy policy
                                provides details on how to manage your information, including opting out of
                                participation in the HCN.
                                To the extent that this site’s privacy policy conflicts with the HCN privacy policy,
                                with respect to the use of this information by HCN, the conflict will be resolved in
                                favor of the HCN policy
Usage Data
Usage Data includes general information about how you interact with web pages on the
                                Site. This is collected using Cookies (or similar technologies) placed by us and others.
                                Usage Data includes:
Pages you visited on our web sites
How you came to the website (e.g. via our newsletter)
Which particular buttons or links on the site you clicked
Whether you have been to the site before
DoubleClick DART cookie:
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site.
Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based
                                            on their visit to our site and other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad
                                            and content network privacy policy.
Third Party Advertising
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These
                                companies may use information (NOT including your name, address, email address, or
                                telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide
                                advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. In particular, we use Usage
                                Data for remarketing (sometimes called retargeting) to better target ads to interested
                                users. Retargeting uses cookies to identify users who visit a website showing a
                                particular brand of goods or services and then targets advertisements of that brand to
                                that user on other websites. If you would like more information about this practice and
                                to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please
                                visit the Network Advertising Initiative
Posting Information on or Through the Site
You are solely responsible for the information and other content you post on or through
                                the Site. You understand that personal and other information (e.g., user name, e-mail
                                address, phone number) that you post on or through the Site (“Clinical forums”, guest
                                book, etc), is generally accessible to and may be collected and used by others and may
                                result in unsolicited messages or other contact from others. Users of these forums are
                                encouraged to exercise caution when providing personal information about themselves.
                                Please note that all information you may post on the FPNotebook Forum is considered
                                public information, and is subject to all the terms and conditions outlined in the
                                FPNotebook Forum statement. If you would like to review and/or update the information
                                that you have provided to the Site, please send us a
message
requesting such access or change.
Funding Sources
Our primary source of funding is our extensive advertising setup that includes Google’s
                                proprietary Adsense Advertising network.
Honesty in advertising and editorial policy
Our website hosts Google sponsored ads and links. We do not control Google ads content
                                and our editorial content is free of any commercial influence. Advertisement is
                                distinguished by the word ‘Advertisement’.
Your Acceptance of this Policy
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of our Privacy Policy. If you do not
                                agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. FPNotebook reserves the right, at our
                                discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions from this policy at any time
                                without notice, so Users are encouraged to review this policy from time to time. Your
                                continued use of our Site following the posting of changes to these terms means you
                                accept these changes.