This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.
Learn more
Got it!
Categories
The
                    Lists
Dream
                    Map
Events
Best Time To Go
Donation
Sign
                    In/Sign Up
Inbox
Inbox
search
Search
No results...
Effective Date: January 1, 2020
IMPORTANT: BY USING THIS WEBSITE, YOU SIGNIFY YOUR AGREEMENT TO OUR PRIVACY
                    POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT USE THIS WEBSITE.
TripBucket, Inc., a Delaware corporation (
"TripBucket"
"Company"
"us"
or
"we"
),
                    is committed to
                    respecting the privacy rights of its customers, visitors and other users of the TripBucket website
                    located at http://www.tripbucket.com (the
"Site"
). We created this Website Privacy Policy
                    (
"Privacy Policy"
) to give you confidence as you visit and use the Site, and to demonstrate
                    our commitment to fair information practices and the protection of privacy.
This Privacy Policy describes the Personally Identifiable Information (as defined below in Section
                    1.3) that we collect in the United States through the Site and how we use that information. Please
                    note that this Privacy Policy applies solely to our online information gathering and dissemination
                    practices in connection with the Site, and does not apply to any of our practices conducted offline
                    or outside of the United States. If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy or
                    our practices regarding your Personally Identifiable Information, please contact us at
info@tripbucket.com
.
The Site is not directed at children who are under thirteen (13) years of age and we do not
                    knowingly collect Personally Identifiable Information from such children. If you are younger than
                    thirteen (13) years of age, please do not provide any Personally Identifiable Information while
                    using the Site.
This Privacy Policy is only applicable to the Site, and not to any other websites that you may be
                    able to access from the Site, each of which may have data collection, storage, and use practices and
                    policies that differ materially from this Privacy Policy.
Traffic Data
. We may track and/or collect non-personally identifiable information
                        when you visit the Site, such as IP addresses, domain servers, types of computers
                        accessing the Site, types of web browsers used to access the Site, the date and time
                        that you access the Site, the website address, if any, from which you linked directly to
                        the Site, and other similar traffic-related information (collectively
"Traffic
                            Data"
).
                        Traffic Data is anonymous information that does not personally identify you, but that is
                        helpful for marketing purposes or for improving your experience on the Site. We also may
                        aggregate your Traffic Data with similar data collected from other users to help us
                        improve the Site and the services that we provide through the Site. When you use or
                        interact with TripBucket products or services, we may use a variety of technologies that
                        collect information about how the product(s) or service(s) is accessed and used. This
                        information may include:
Name and email if a register user;
your interactions with TripBucket products or services (such as how you use,
                                view,
                                rate and interact with content);
location data (such as GPS data and time zone);
personal information that may indirectly identify you (such as URL information,
                                cookie data, and your IP address or MAC address);
functional data such as registration, system and performance data;
Cookies
. From time to time, we may use the standard "cookies" feature of major
                        browser applications, which allows us to store a small piece of data on your computer
                        about your visit to the Site. Cookies help us learn which areas of the Site are useful
                        and which areas need improvement. We do not set any Personally Identifiable Information
                        in cookies, nor do we employ any data capture mechanisms on the Site other than cookies.
                        Promotions or advertisements displayed on the Site also may contain cookies. We do not
                        have access to, or control over, information that may be collected by outside
                        advertisers on the Site. You can choose whether to accept cookies by changing the
                        settings on your browser. However, if you choose to disable this function, your
                        experience at the Site may be diminished and some features may not work as they were
                        intended.
TripBucket Mobile Applications
. If you download or use our mobile
                        applications(s), we may collect, either through your mobile device or the application
                        itself, your mobile device identifier, hardware model, operating system version or
                        mobile network information (as well as any registration data you provide to us). We may
                        also collect geolocation information, which may be used for operational and product- or
                        service-related purposes, such as to customize information based on your location.
Personally Identifiable Information
. In general, you do not have to provide us
                        with your Personally Identifiable Information to use the Site. However, certain services
                        that we offer via the Site may require you to provide us with certain information that
                        personally identifies you.
"Personally Identifiable Information"
includes the
                        following
                        categories of information: (a)
"Contact Data"
(such as your name, mailing address
                        and
                        e-mail address); (b)
"Financial Data"
(such as your account or credit card
                        number); and
                        (c)
"Demographic Data"
(such as your zip code, age, and income). If you
                        communicate with
                        us by e-mail, post messages to any of our chat groups, bulletin boards or forums,
                        subscribe to or use any of the services that we offer on the Site, or otherwise complete
                        online forms or surveys, then any information provided in such communication may be
                        collected as Personally Identifiable Information.
User Forums
. You may be able to post information (including profile information,
                        unless you designate it as public or as private; as applicable) on areas of a TripBucket
                        product or service that may be viewed by other users or the public. By posting
                        information to areas that may be viewed by other users or the public, you consent to
                        TripBucket making that information public. We may display this content on any of the
                        TripBucket products and/or services and further distribute it to a wider audience
                        through third-party sites or applications. Please note that there are risks, including
                        but not limited to the risk of physical harm, of dealing with strangers, including
                        persons who may be acting under false pretenses. Please choose carefully the information
                        you post on any of the TripBucket products or services and that you give to other
                        TripBucket users. You are discouraged from publicly posting your full name, telephone
                        numbers, street addresses or other information that identifies you or allows strangers
                        to find you or steal your identity. Despite this prohibition, other people’s information
                        may be offensive, harmful or inaccurate, and in some cases may be mislabeled or
                        deceptively labeled. YOU ASSUME ALL RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH INTERACTING WITH OTHER USERS
                        WITH WHOM YOU COME IN CONTACT THROUGH TRIPBUCKET PROPERTIES. WE EXPECT THAT YOU WILL USE
                        CAUTION AND COMMON SENSE WHEN USING TRIPBUCKET’S PRODUCTS AND SERVICES.
Use and Sharing of Information Collected
Use of Personally Identifiable Information
. TripBucket may use, as applicable:
                                (a) Contact Data to send to you information about TripBucket or our products or services
                                or promotional material from some of our partners, or to contact you when necessary; (b)
                                Financial Data to verify your qualifications for certain products or services and to
                                bill you for products and services; and (c) Demographic Data to customize and tailor
                                your experience on the Site by displaying content that we think you might be interested
                                in and according to your preferences. We also may use Personally Identifiable
                                Information to respond to your inquiries and to send to you newsletters or publications
                                that you request or that we think may be of interest to you. If you decide at any time
                                that you no longer wish to receive mailings from us, please refer to Section 6 of this
                                Privacy Policy entitled "Correcting, Updating or Deleting your Personally Identifiable
                                Information."
Sharing of Personally Identifiable Information
. TripBucket does not share,
                                provide, sell, lease, trade or rent your Personally Identifiable Information to third
                                parties for direct marketing purposes, unless you affirmatively agree to such
                                disclosure. However, TripBucket may share: (a) Demographic Data with advertisers and
                                other third parties, but only on an aggregate basis (i.e., non-personally-identifiable);
                                and (b) Contact Data or Financial Data with certain companies pursuant to contracts or
                                arrangements that we have with such companies in order to fulfill our business purposes.
                                These companies have, or will agree, to uphold the same standards of security and
                                confidentiality that we have promised to you in this Privacy Policy, and they only will
                                use your Personally Identifiable Information to carry out their specific business
                                obligations to TripBucket. Please see our Opt-Out Policy (Section 3 of this Privacy
                                Policy) if you do not want us to share your Personally Identifiable Information with any
                                third parties. We reserve the right to disclose Personally Identifiable Information to
                                any third party if we believe that we are required to do so for any or all of the
                                following reasons: (a) by law; (b) to comply with legal processes or governmental
                                requests; (c) to prevent, investigate, detect or prosecute criminal offenses or attacks
                                on the technical integrity of the Site or our network; (iv) to enforce our Terms and
                                Conditions of Use; and/or (v) to protect the rights, property or safety of TripBucket
                                and its affiliates, their partners and employees, the users of the Site or the public.
Opt-Out Policy
.
                                You may choose not to provide us with any Personally Identifiable Information and/or not
                                to allow us to use cookies in connection with your visit to the Site. To opt out of
                                providing information directly to TripBucket, simply bypass or elect not to participate
                                in the interactive areas of the Site. You also may opt out of allowing us to use cookie
                                technology to facilitate your visit to the Site by making adjustments to your browser;
                                however, it is possible that the Site will not function properly if you do so. If you do
                                not wish to receive information and promotional material from us, you may select the
                                appropriate "opt-out" option each time we ask you for Personally Identifiable
                                Information. If you do not want us to share your Personally Identifiable Information
                                with any third parties, including those companies with which we have contracts or
                                business arrangements necessary to fulfill our business purposes, then please e-mail us
                                at
optout@tripbucket.com
, or select the
                                "opt-out" box on our online forms. Please note
                                that, if you contact us by e-mail through the Site, then we may keep a record of your
                                Contact Data and correspondence, and we reserve the right to use your e-mail address and
                                any information that you provide to us in your message to respond thereto. In addition,
                                on rare occasions, we may send by e-mail important administrative information regarding
                                the Site or the services to users who have provided us with their e-mail addresses.
                                Because this information may be important to your use of the Site, it is not possible to
                                opt out of receiving these e-mails.
TripBucket Mobile Apps
. If you do not want us to collect location data from a
                                TripBucket mobile app you can disable location services on your mobile device. If you do
                                not want any data shared by the mobile app, please delete the app from your mobile
                                device. You can also re-set your mobile advertising ID on your phone which may also
                                reduce the ability of third parties unaffiliated with TripBucket from tracking your use
                                of the TripBucket mobile app.
Business Transfers
. In order to accommodate changes in our business, TripBucket
                                may sell or buy, as applicable, portions of our company or other companies or assets,
                                which portions or assets may include the information collected through the Site.
                                TripBucket reserves the right to transfer any and all information that we collect from
                                users of the Site, or that we otherwise collect in connection with the Site, including,
                                without limitation, to third parties, in the event of a sale or transfer of assets or of
                                any portion of our business.
CCPA Personal Data
CCPA
. California Consumers have the right under the California Consumer Privacy
                                Act “CCPA” to the Right to Know your data, this includes both a list of all the classes
                                of data we have on you as well as individual attributes. You have the right to delete
                                your personal data, the right to opt out of sale of your data and you have the right to
                                not be discriminated against for exercising any of these rights. Here at TripBucket we
                                feel strongly that you will not experience any discrimination for your exercising your
                                rights and we will never treat you differently for changing your privacy settings.
A Note about the Sale of Data
. Here at TripBucket, we don’t believe we sell
                                your personal data to third parties. We do however share your personal data with service
                                providers who help us run our business and provide you with products and services. We do
                                sell De-Identified Data to third parties. We allow you to opt out of sharing of your
                                data in the same way we would be required to if we did sell data. We allow you to change
                                these settings by accessing your Privacy Settings in your Manage My Account. You can
                                also contact customer support at
membersupport@tripbucket.com
and they will help you
                                change your opt out settings.
How to Request your Data under the Right to Know
. If you wish to receive
                                information about what personal data we retain about you, please contact customer at
membersupport@tripbucket.com
. In the
                                event you would like specific pieces of information
                                provided to you, please specify which information categories you would like provided and
                                we will be happy to assist you. TripBucket will provide you with information for the
                                preceding 12 months as required by law.
How to Request Deletion of your Data
. If you wish to have your personal data
                                deleted from TripBucket’s records, please contact customer support at
membersupport@tripbucket.com
. You have
                                the right to delete your data, however in order
                                to provide you with TripBucket products and services, Functional Data cannot be deleted.
                                Therefore, if you wish to have your personal data deleted from TripBucket’s records in
                                its entirety, you will need to no longer be an active TripBucket customer. Once your
                                personal data is deleted from TripBucket, you cannot re-activate an account associated
                                with that information and you would need to set up a new account and agree to the terms
                                conditions and this privacy policy. In any event, certain legal or regulatory
                                requirements may require that some of your data to be retained. If you have questions
                                about the process of requesting deletion, please see the section “Processing Your Right
                                to Know and Deletion Requests” below.
Process for Right to Know and Deletion Requests
. As we will need to verify your
                                identity to fulfill these requests, please send an email to
membersupport@tripbucket.com
and we will attempt to verify your identity via encrypted email. After we are able to
                                verify your identity, we will respond to your request as quickly as possible and
                                generally within 45 days, however, in some cases it may take up to 90 days. It is most
                                helpful if you can provide the TripBucket Service Number(s) associated with your
                                device(s). You will receive a confirmation by email of either the completion of your
                                request or a return response with your requested data. If we are unable to verify your
                                identity, we will not be able to process your request for information or deletion. If
                                you have issues or concerns, please feel free to contact us. In the event you would like
                                to opt out of the collection of certain information, please see the Opting Out of
                                Personalization section above or refer to the privacy section of the Manage My Account
                                tab on tripbucket.com. If you are unable to make a request directly (or in the case of
                                death of the consumer), you may legally designate an agent by providing a notarized
                                authorization, power of attorney or other legally binding designation of assignment of
                                rights. Please provide proof of this agency along with your request and we will process
                                your request as quickly as possible.
Shine the Light
. Customers who are residents of California may request
                                information: a list of categories of personal information disclosed by us to third
                                parties during the immediately preceding calendar year for those third parties’ own
                                direct marketing purposes, and (ii) a list of the categories of third parties to whom we
                                disclosed such information. To exercise this request, please contact us at
membersupport@tripbucket.com
. Requests
                                must include “California Shine the Light” in the
                                first line description of the email and include your name, street address, city, state,
                                and zip code. We may require additional information from you to allow us to verify your
                                identity and are only required to respond to requests once in a calendar year.
Privacy Notice for Residents of the European Economic Area
The EU General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR")
. This Privacy Notice applies
                                to you if you are an individual in the EEA. It is only applicable to processing that is
                                within the scope of the GDPR (e.g., because your Personal Data is processed in relation
                                to services offered to you in a personal capacity).
Protecting User Information
Security of Personally Identifiable Information
.TripBucket seeks to adopt
                                commercially reasonable security measures consistent with industry practice to assist in
                                protecting against the loss, misuse, and alteration of Personally Identifiable
                                Information that is under our control. Unfortunately, no security system, or system of
                                transmitting data over the Internet, can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Therefore,
                                while we undertake commercially reasonable efforts to protect your Personally
                                Identifiable Information, we cannot guarantee the security of our servers, the means by
                                which information is transmitted between your computer and TripBucket's servers, or any
                                information provided to us or to any third party through or in connection with the Site.
                                You provide all such information entirely at your own risk.
Confidentiality of Personally Identifiable Information
. Except as otherwise
                                provided in this Privacy Policy, we will keep your Personally Identifiable Information
                                confidential and will not share it with third parties.
Lost or Stolen Information
. You must promptly notify us if your user name,
                                password, credit card or other Personally Identifiable Information is lost, stolen or
                                used without permission. In such an event, we will remove that user name, password,
                                credit card number or other Personally Identifiable Information from your account and
                                update our records accordingly.
Correcting, Updating or Deleting Your Personally Identifiable Information
.
                                If you would like to correct, update or delete your Personally Identifiable Information
                                collected by TripBucket, please contact us at
info@tripbucket.com
.
                                Please be sure to
                                include your name, address and/or e-mail address and the nature of your request on your
                                correspondence.
Website Areas Beyond TripBucket's Control
Public Forums
. The Site may include interactive forums such as message boards and
                            chat rooms. Please remember that any information that you disclose in these areas becomes
                            public information, and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your
                            Personally Identifiable Information in these interactive forums.
Third Party Websites
. The Site may contain links to other websites. If you choose to
                            visit other websites, we are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of those
                            websites, and it is your responsibility to review the privacy policies at those websites to
                            confirm that you understand and agree with their policies.
Special Notification about Webinars and Podcasts
. Any webinars and podcasts offered
                            as services to the users of the Site are hosted by one or more unaffiliated third parties.
                            Such third parties may require first time users to input Personally Identifiable
                            Information, such as your name, company, and e-mail address. We encourage you to read the
                            applicable privacy statements that control how any such third party handles Personally
                            Identifiable Information that you input to register for the webinars or podcasts.
Updates and Changes to Privacy Policy
. This Privacy Policy sets forth TripBucket's
                            current practices and procedures with respect to privacy. TripBucket may, in its sole
                            discretion and without prior notice, change, modify or alter any or all portions of this
                            Privacy Policy. TripBucket shall post any revisions to this Privacy Policy to the Site, and
                            the revisions shall be effective immediately upon such posting. You agree that, by
                            continuing to use or access the Site following notice of any revision, you shall abide by
                            any such revision.
Contacting Us
. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our practices
                    related to the Site, or if you would like to have us remove your Personally Identifiable
                    Information from our database, please contact us at:
TripBucket, Inc.
826 Orange Av #504
Coronado, CA 92118
Attention: Corporate Secretary
Email:
membersupport@tripbucket.com
BY USING THIS WEBSITE, YOU SIGNIFY YOUR AGREEMENT TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT
                        AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT USE THIS WEBSITE.