PRÊT-À-TEMPLATE
Privacy Policy
Posted February 01, 2014
Last Updated March 31, 2017
This Privacy Policy describes the policies and procedures of Prêt-à-Template, (“we”, “our” or “us”) on the collection, use and disclosure of your information on www.pretatemplate.com (the “Site”) and the services, features, content or applications (including our Prêt-à-Template Beta app for iPad (the “Application”) we offer (collectively with the Site, the “Services”). When you use the Services, you are consenting to the collection, transfer, manipulation, storage, disclosure and other uses of your information as described in this Privacy Policy.
WHAT DOES THIS PRIVACY POLICY COVER?
This Privacy Policy covers the treatment of personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”) gathered when you are using or accessing the Services. This Privacy Policy also covers our treatment of any Personal Information that our business partners share with us or that we share with our business partners.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of third parties that we do not own or control, including but not limited to any third party websites, services and applications (“Third Party Services”) that you elect to access through the Service or to individuals that we do not manage or employ. While we attempt to facilitate access only to those Third Party Services that share our respect for your privacy, we cannot take responsibility for the content or privacy policies of those Third Party Services. We encourage you to carefully review the privacy policies of any Third Party Services you access.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
The information we gather enables us to personalize, improve and continue to operate the Services. In connection with certain aspects of the Services, we may request, collect and/or display some of your Personal Information. We collect the following types of information from our users.
INFORMATION YOU REQUEST:
In responding to your requests for information or in connection with signing up for updates about using our Application or our Services, we may use your contact information to send you information about our Services. You may unsubscribe from these messages by following the instructions at the bottom of the applicable e-mail.
USER CONTENT:
Some features of the Services allow you to provide content to the Services, such as written comments. All content submitted by you to the Services may be retained by us indefinitely. We may continue to disclose such content to third parties in a manner that does not reveal Personal Information, as described in this Privacy Policy.
FINANCIAL INFORMATION:
We do not currently collect financial information, such as your payment method (valid credit card number, type, expiration date or other financial information); that information is collected and stored by our third party payment processing company (the “Payment Processor”), and use and storage of that information is governed by the Payment Processor’s applicable terms of service and privacy policy.
INFORMATION COLLECTED AUTOMATICALLY:
We automatically receive and record information from your web browser when you interact with the Services, including your cookie information. This information is used to facilitate collection of data concerning your interaction with the Services (e.g., what links you have clicked on).
Generally, the Services automatically collect usage information, such as the number and frequency of visitors to the Site. We may use this data in aggregate form, that is, as a statistical measure, but not in a manner that would identify you personally. This type of aggregate data enables us and third parties authorized by us to figure out how often individuals use parts of the Services so that we can analyze and improve them.
EMAIL COMMUNICATIONS:
We may receive a confirmation when you open an email from us. We use this confirmation to improve our customer service.
HOW, AND WITH WHOM, IS MY INFORMATION SHARED?
Some of the information generated through the Services is shared publicly or with third parties.
YOUR ACTIVITY ON THE SERVICES:
Some of your activity on and through the Services is public by default. This may include, but is not limited to, content you have posted publicly on the Site or otherwise through the Services.
Please also remember that if you choose to provide Personal Information using certain public features of the Services, then that information may be publicly available. Individuals reading such information may use or disclose it to other individuals or entities without our control and without your knowledge, and search engines may index that information. We therefore urge you to think carefully about including any specific information you may deem private in content that you create or information that you submit through the Services.
INFORMATION YOU ELECT TO SHARE:
You may access other Third Party Services through the Services, for example by clicking on links to those Third Party Services from within the Site. We are not responsible for the privacy policies and/or practices of these Third Party Services, and you are responsible for reading and understanding those Third Party Services’ privacy policies. This Privacy Policy only governs information collected on the Services.
AGGREGATE INFORMATION:
We may share Aggregate Information with our partners, service providers and other persons with whom we conduct business. We share this type of statistical data so that our partners can understand how and how often people use our Services and their services or websites, which facilitates improving both their services and how our Services interface with them. In addition, these third parties may share with us non-private, aggregated or otherwise non Personal Information about you that they have independently developed or acquired.
EMAIL COMMUNICATION WITH US:
As part of the Services, you may occasionally receive email and other communications from us.
INFORMATION SHARED WITH OUR AGENTS:
We employ and contract with people and other entities that perform certain tasks on our behalf and who are under our control (our “Agents”). We may need to share Personal Information with our Agents in order to provide products or services to you. Unless we tell you differently, our Agents do not have any right to use Personal Information or other information we share with them beyond what is necessary to assist us. You hereby consent to our sharing of Personal Information with our Agents.
INFORMATION DISCLOSED PURSUANT TO BUSINESS TRANSFERS:
In some cases, we may choose to buy or sell assets. In these types of transactions, user information is typically one of the transferred business assets. Moreover, if we, or substantially all of our assets, were acquired, or if we go out of business or enter bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of us or our assets may continue to use your Personal Information as set forth in this policy.
INFORMATION DISCLOSED FOR OUR PROTECTION AND THE PROTECTION OF THE OTHERS:
We also reserve the right to access, read, preserve, and disclose any information as it reasonably believes is necessary to (i) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, (ii) enforce our Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations hereof, (iii) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, (iv) respond to user support requests, or (v) protect our rights, property or safety, our users and the public. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and spam/malware prevention.
INFORMATION WE SHARE WITH YOUR CONSENT:
Except as set forth above, you will be notified when your Personal Information may be shared with third parties, and will be able to prevent the sharing of this information.
WHAT CHOICES DO I HAVE REGARDING MY INFORMATION?
You can use many of the features of the Services without registering, thereby limiting the type of information that we collect.
You can always opt not to disclose certain information to us, even though it may be needed to take advantage of some of our features.
WHAT HAPPENS WHEN THERE ARE CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY?
We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. Use of information we collect now is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is used. If we make changes in the way we collect or use information, we will notify you by posting an announcement on the Services. A user is bound by any changes to the Privacy Policy when he or she uses the Services after such changes have been first posted.
WHAT IF I HAVE QUESTIONS OR CONCERNS?
If you have any questions or concerns regarding privacy using the Services, please send us a detailed message legal@pretatemplate.com. We will make every effort to resolve your concerns.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICING AND TERMS:
– Prêt-à-Template offers three auto-renewing subscription options: $5.99 per month, $13.99 every three months and $39.99 per year.
– These prices are for United States customers. Pricing in other countries may vary and actual charges may be converted to your local currency depending on the country of residence.
– Your Prêt-à-Template subscription will automatically renew at the end of each term and your credit card will be charged through your iTunes account. You can turn off auto-renew at any time from your iTunes account settings but refunds will not be provided for any unused portion of the term.
– Subscription automatically renews unless auto-renew is turned off at least 24-hours before the end of the current period, Account will be charged for renewal within 24-hours prior to the end of the current period, and identify the cost of the renewal.
– Subscriptions may be managed by the user and auto-renewal may be turned off by going to the user’s Account Settings after purchase.
Any unused portion of a free trial period, if offered, will be forfeited when the user purchases a subscription to that publication, where applicable.