information
▸
Privacy center
Privacy policy
At Inter Group (“Inter”), we work to provide the best experience to ensure that you get the most out of our services. And, for that, your privacy and the security of your personal data are and will always be very important to us.
1. About the information collected and processed by Inter
Inter collects and processes personal data for purposes such as identification and authentication, enabling offers and services, credit protection, new products operationalization, prevention and fight against financial crimes, technical or security problems in identification and authentication processes, and also for the improvement of services and your experience. Among the collected data, Inter may process sensitive data, such as biometrics, for fraud prevention purposes and security assurance of contracted services. We may also collect and process data to comply with applicable laws.
2. Cookies
We use Cookies to provide you the best experience in our Super App and websites.
They help to remember your preferences and customize your access. For a better understanding of how they work and how we use Cookies, you can access our
Cookies Policy.
3. Duration of personal data processing
The processing period of your personal data by Inter will vary depending on the types of contracted/provided/supplied products and services, according to the processing purposes of personal data, or according to the contractual and legal provisions.
4. Your rights as a data subject
LGPD grants several rights to data subjects. Therefore, you, as a data subject, may request the following to Inter according to the rights provided by Law: confirmation of data processing, access to personal data, correction of incomplete, inaccurate or outdated data, anonymization, data blocking or deletion, personal data portability, information on the personal data sharing, information on the possibility of not providing consent, and also to be informed about the consequences in case of consent denial or withdrawal, opposition to the personal data processing, review of decisions made solely on the basis of automated personal data processing affecting the interests of data subjects.
5. Personal data sharing
Inter cares for the privacy of its data subjects and, in accordance with data protection and bank secrecy regulations, only shares your information for the purposes set out in this Term and in the full Privacy Policy.
6. Service channels for privacy matters
In order for you to exercise your rights as a data subject, as well as determine your preferences in the processing and use by Inter of some of your personal data, you can use the official service channels available at Inter homepage.
Do you want to learn more? Read our full Privacy Policy by accessing
this link
. Or contact us by e-mail at privacidade@bancointer.com.br.
7. Data Protection Certification
Our InterShop is certified in Data Protection by Bureau Veritas, one of the world's leading certification body operating in 140 countries. Our certification is compliant with Technical Standard TS-BVCBr0001, based on the General Data Protection Law in Brazil (LGPD) and the General Data Protection Regulation of the European Union (GDPR), and with 18 other internationally recognized standards and best practices guides.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://inter.co/politica-de-privacidade/:
informações
▸
Central de privacidade
Política de privacidade
No Grupo Inter (“Inter”), buscamos proporcionar a melhor experiência para garantir que você desfrute ao máximo dos nossos serviços. E, para isso, a sua privacidade e a segurança dos seus dados pessoais são e sempre serão muito importantes para nós.
1. Sobre as informações coletadas e tratadas pelo Inter
O Inter coleta e trata dados pessoais para fins como identificação e autenticação, viabilização de ofertas e serviços do Inter, proteção ao crédito, operacionalização de novos produtos, prevenção e combate de crimes financeiros, problemas técnicos ou de segurança nos processos de identificação e autenticação, e até mesmo a melhoria de serviços e da sua experiência. Dentre os dados coletados, o Inter poderá tratar dados sensíveis, como biometria, para fins de prevenção de fraude e garantia de segurança dos serviços contratados. Também podemos coletar e tratar dados para cumprir com a legislação vigente aplicável.
2. Cookies
Usamos Cookies para que você tenha a melhor experiência em nosso Super App e websites.
Eles ajudam a lembrar suas preferências e personalizar seu acesso. Para entender melhor como funcionam e como usamos os Cookies, você pode acessar nossa
Política de Cookies
.
3. Duração do tratamento dos dados pessoais
O prazo de tratamento dos seus dados pessoais pelo Inter variará de acordo com os tipos de produtos e serviços contratados/prestados/fornecidos, de acordo com as finalidades do tratamento dos dados pessoais, ou de acordo com as disposições contratuais e legais em questão.
4. Os seus direitos como titular dos dados pessoais
A LGPD confere uma série de direitos aos titulares dos dados. Sendo assim, você, como titular de dados, pode fazer as seguintes solicitações ao Inter conforme direitos previstos na Lei: confirmação da existência de tratamento, acesso aos dados pessoais, correção dos dados incompletos, inexatos ou desatualizados, anonimização, bloqueio ou eliminação dos dados, portabilidade dos dados pessoais, informações sobre o compartilhamento dos dados pessoais, informação sobre a possibilidade de não fornecer consentimento, bem como de ser informado sobre as consequências, em caso de negativa, revogação do consentimento, oposição ao tratamento dos dados pessoais, revisão de decisões tomadas unicamente com base em tratamento automatizado de dados pessoais que afetem os interesses dos titulares de dados.
5. Compartilhamento dos dados pessoais
O Inter zela pela privacidade dos seus titulares de dados e, em conformidade com as normas de proteção de dados e sigilo bancário, somente compartilha suas informações para as finalidades previstas nesse Termo e na Política de Privacidade completa.
6. Canais de atendimento para assuntos de privacidade
Para que você possa exercer seus direitos como titular de dados, bem como determinar suas preferências no tratamento e utilização pelo Inter de alguns de seus dados pessoais você pode usar os canais de atendimento oficiais disponíveis na página inicial do Inter.
Quer saber mais? Consulte nossa Política de Privacidade completa acessando esse
esse link
.
Ou entre em contato com privacidade@bancointer.com.br
7. Certificação em Privacidade
Nosso InterShop possui certificação em Privacidade emitida pela Bureau Veritas, umas das maiores  certificadoras globais, atuante em 140 países. Nossa certificação está de acordo com a Norma Técnica TS-BVCBr0001, baseada na Lei Geral de Proteção a Dados Pessoais no Brasil (LGPD) e na General Data Protection Regulation na União Europeia (GDPR), e em outros 18 normativos e guias de boas práticas.
Cookies Button
We use cookies for security, navigation analysis, better experience and personalization of content in accordance with our Cookie Policy and your preferences indicated in the 'Cookie Settings'.
Cookie Policy
Accept All Cookies
Cookies Settings
Sub-policy 1
https://inter.co/en/data-privacy/:
Home
▸
Data Privacy
Data Privacy
Understand why the privacy and security of your personal data is and always will be very important to us.
Understanding our Data Privacy Policy
We respect your right to privacy
Taking care of personal data privacy goes beyond compliance with the Brazilian General Data Protection Law (LGPD). Here at Inter we are committed to our transparency, partnership, security and simplicity pillars.
And for you to understand how we use this data, we have our
Privacy Policy
, available for you to access whenever you need it.
Why we collect and process personal data?
How we process your personal data?
How we process personal data from children and adolescents?
Personal data sharing
What data do we process?
Duration of processing of personal data
Security of personal data
Data subject privacy rights
You in control of your personal data
We want your personal data to be within the reach of your fingertips! That's why we created digital resources to give you autonomy and confidence to set up your privacy preferences.
In-App Privacy Center
Services available 24 hours a day
Your preferences in just a few clicks
Agility in responding to your requests
How do we keep your
data safe?
When we receive and process your personal data, we apply our
Security Policy
, which defines and implements the best solutions to protect you from unauthorized access.
Good security practices
Compliance with good security practices at an international level.
Data loss prevention
We use tools to prevent and identify any vulnerability.
Secure data access control
Only authorized people can access a given data group.
Risk management support tools
To identify multiple security-related risks.
Safety culture
We are responsible for jointly adopting preventive and safe practices.
We have removed the barriers for you
Being simple is facilitating the understanding and use of our privacy services. But how?
By using simple language
With easy access to our terms and policies
And with transparency in our content, no footnotes
Meet our Officer (DPO)
We are always available on our support channels. However, if you would like to speak directly with our Data Protection Officer, Camila Wendling, just send an e-mail to
privacidade@inter.co
. You will receive a response within a maximum of 15 (fifteen) days from the date of your request.
We are always improving
We have a continuous improvement process to improve your data privacy and security.
We monitor the performance of our processes
We assess risks and create improvement actions
We invest in technology to reduce failures
We engage leaders at an institutional level
More security in your purchases
Our InterShop is certified in Data Protection by Bureau Veritas, one of the world's leading certification body operating in 140 countries.
Our certification is compliant with Technical Standard TS-BVCBr0001, based on the General Data Protection Law in Brazil (LGPD) and the General Data Protection Regulation of the European Union (GDPR), and with 18 other internationally recognized standards and best practices guides.
Some important definitions of LGPD
Personal Data
information related to an identified or identifiable person.
Data subject
The person to whom the personal data that is being processed relates.
General Data Protection Law (LGPD):
Brazilian law that regulates the processing of personal data, including in digital media, with the aim of protecting the fundamental rights of freedom and privacy and the free development of the personality of the person.
Processing
Any operation carried out with personal data, such as collection, production, reception, classification, use, access, reproduction, transmission, distribution, processing, filing, storage, elimination, evaluation or control of information, modification, communication, transfer, dissemination or extraction.
Learn more by visiting our
Privacy Policy.
Know your rights under LGPD
Confirmation of the existence of the processing
Request for anonymization, blocking, or deletion of your personal data
Possibility of not providing consent
Automated decision review
Access to your personal data
Portability of your personal data
Revocation of consents
Opt-out of offers
Correction of your personal data
Information about the sharing of your personal data
Objection to the processing of your personal data
Learn more by visiting our
Privacy Policy.
Frequently asked questions
Cookies Button
We use cookies for security, navigation analysis, better experience and personalization of content in accordance with our Cookie Policy and your preferences indicated in the 'Cookie Settings'.
Cookie Policy
Accept All Cookies
Cookies Settings