Privacy Policy for Namshi.com
We, Namshi General Trading LLC, a limited liability company, organized and existing under the laws of Dubai, United Arab Emirates (“UAE”) with trade license number 666004, having its registered address at P.O. Box 126251, Dubai, UAE (“us”, “we”, “our”) respect the privacy of all our users and are committed to protecting personal data collected through www.namshi.com and its associated mobile application (“Platform”).
This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) sets out the basis on which we collect and use any of your personal data, either collected directly from you or other from sources in connection with your access and use the Platform or any services provided by us including newsletters and any social media functions on the Platform (collectively, the "Services"). We understand the importance you place on your personal data, and we are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. Please read the following Privacy Policy carefully to understand our practices regarding your personal data. By using the Platform and Services, you agree to the collection and handling of your personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, the “Personal Data” shall mean and include the categories of data set out in Clause 2 of this Privacy Policy.
References to "user", “you” or "you" (or similar) are references to you as an individual or legal entity as the case may be.
The Platform may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy notices/statements. When you leave our Platform, we encourage you to read the privacy notice of every website you visit.
1.	WE DO NOT COLLECT CHILDREN’S DATA
This Platform is not intended for anyone who has not attained age of majority as per the relevant applicable laws that govern such individual. However, it is not possible for us to prevent certain users, including children, from fraudulently representing their age in order to gain access to the Platform. If you are a parent or guardian and believe we have collected information about your child, please contact us immediately as described in Clause 12 of this Privacy Policy.
2. 	WHAT PERSONAL DATA DO WE COLLECT FROM AND/OR ABOUT YOU?
We collect your Personal Data in order to provide and continually improve the Platform and Services. Personal Data refers to any information that can identify you as an individual based on the identifiers. It does not include anonymized data i.e. a dataset from which individual identifiers have been removed. We collect, utilize, store, and transfer various types of Personal Data about you, which are categorized as follows:
Identity data includes details such as your first name, maiden name, last name, username or similar identifier, gender, title, nationality and date of birth/ birthday;
Contact data comprises your address, email address, and telephone number;
Transaction data involves information about payments made to and by you including but not limiting to your modes of payments, as well as details about products and services you have purchased from us;
Technical data encompasses your IP address, login data, browser type and version, operating system, mobile application version, time zone settings and location, device type, IDFA (in case of iOS users), as well as information about your general internet usage (e.g. by using technology that stores information on or gains access to your device, such as cookies, tracking pixels, web beacons, etc. and other technology used to access our website;
Profile data includes your username and password, your interests, preferences, feedback, your preferred language and survey responses;
Purchase data includes all the past orders and purchases you have made from the same user account, redemption information, fulfillment information and page-view information from the service providers that enable branding, fulfillment, and other operations on the Platform;
Browser data relates to how you interact with our website, products, and services;
Marketing and Communications data covers your preferences for receiving marketing materials from us and third parties, as well as your communication preferences.
Additionally, we collect, use, and share statistical or demographic information (“Aggregated Data”). Aggregated Data is data derived from your Personal Data but has been amended to remove personal identifiers and does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we might aggregate Personal Data collected from the browser to determine the percentage of users accessing a particular website feature.
3.	HOW DO WE COLLECT PERSONAL DATA ABOUT YOU?
We deploy the following means to seek Personal Data about you:
A.
Directly:
We collect your Personal Data directly from you through the Platform while you are:
registering on the Platform and other co-registrations (e.g. social media logins, etc.), subscribing to any of our Services, posting material on the Platform;
making payments, seeking refunds, and mode of payment;
participating in contests, promotional offers, opting-in for special schemes;
submitting reviews, testimonials or feedback;
during a support request / raising a complaint ticket with the Platform for refund, fraud transaction and replacement, among others;
a record of correspondence if you contact us through phone, e-mail or otherwise; and
browsing and conducting other activities on the Platform.
B.
Indirectly:
We also receive Personal Data about you from your friends/ relatives when they are making purchases for you or on your behalf, our vendors/ third-party service providers that enable you to seek our Services seamlessly. Our vendors include:
logistic and fulfillment service providers and/or partners;
marketing service providers;
your interactions with us on other platforms such as Facebook, Google, etc.;
payment service providers; and
in case you share any Personal Data of a third-party i.e. friends, relatives, or colleagues (any individual) with us while using our Services, you warrant that you have obtained the consent of the concerned individual to share their Personal Data with us as per this Privacy Policy.
C.
Automatically:
There is certain Personal Data about you that is collected automatically, while you use our Services through log files, cookies and other unique identifiers. We use log files to collect certain Personal Data about you. Log information is data about your use of the Service, such as IP (Internet Protocol) address, browser type, referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamps, and related data, which is stored in log files.
We also use a limited number of cookies. A cookie is a small data file transferred to your computer (or other device) when it is used to access our Services. Cookies are used for many purposes, including to enable certain features of our Services and remember your preferences, your equipment, browsing actions and patterns, to better understand how you interact with our Services, to provide you advertising on and of the Service, and to monitor usage by visitors and online traffic routing. To the extent permitted by your preferred web browser, you can instruct your browser, by changing its options, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the online services you wish to avail of. We use cookies to enrich your experience by remembering your online behavior while using the Platform and to improve the effectiveness of ads and Services. If you do not consent to the use of cookies by us, we request you to cease using the Platform immediately.
It is your choice not to provide certain Personal Data, but then it may impact on your ability to take advantage of many of our Services.
4. WHAT PURPOSES DO WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL DATA FOR?
We collect and use your Personal Data for the following purposes:
to provide you with information, products or Services that you request from us or which we feel may interest you, where you have consented to be contacted for such purposes;
to provide you with location-based services, such as advertising, search results and other personalized content;
to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and another entity using the Platform or between you and us;
to improve our Services and to deliver a better and more personalized service to you including to communicate with you in relation to Services via different channels (e.g., by phone, messages, e-mail, instant messaging applications);
to ensure that content from the Platform is presented in the most effective manner for you and the device you use to access the Platform;
to present you with discounted services and offers on special occasions such as your birthday and anniversary;
to notify you about changes to our Services;
for any other reasons which we deem necessary to enhance your experience of the Platform;
to administer and manage our incentives programs and fulfill your requests for incentives, and/or to allow you to participate in sweepstakes and to notify you if you are a sweepstakes winner;
to provide functionality, analyze performance, fix errors, and improve the usability and effectiveness of the Services;
to comply with local laws (e.g. your nationality to fulfill cross-border shipments, sellers’ information regarding place of establishment and bank account information for identity verification and other purposes); and
to prevent and detect fraud and abuse in order to protect the security of our customers, us, and others.
5. HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
We will only use your Personal Data in the following circumstances:
A. Performance of a Contract
We need to use your Personal Data to fulfill a contract with you or to take preliminary steps before entering into a contract. This includes accepting applicable terms and conditions or specific terms related to our Services. If you do not provide your Personal Data for these purposes, we may not be able to deliver our Services or enter into a contract with you, which could lead to the cancellation of a Service. We will inform you if this occurs.
B. Legal or Regulatory Obligation
We may collect your Personal Data to comply with any applicable laws and/or regulations.
C. Legitimate Interests
We may process your Personal Data based on our legitimate business interests and the interests of our customers when we improve our Services, when we detect and prevent fraud and abuse in order to protect the security of our customers, ourselves, or others and when we provide you with interest-based advertising.
D. Marketing and Communications Data
We may also use your Personal Data to provide you with information about goods and services which may be of interest to you and enhance your Platform experience by way of service messages, new features, enhancements, special offers and events of interest. We may contact you via various channels, including without limitation emails, push notifications, web notifications, post, telephone, in-app messages, WhatsApp messages and news feed cards. We offer you the choice to receive these interest-based ads from us. You can choose not to receive these ads by contacting us on details mentioned in Clause 12 of this Privacy Policy and/or by clicking the “UNSUBSCRIBE” button in the mail or in any marketing communications sent by us.
6. WHO DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA WITH?
Your Personal Data is important to us to provide you with our Services, and we are not in the business of selling your Personal Data to others. We share your Personal Data only with the third parties described below and with businesses that follow practices at least as protective as those described in this Privacy Policy:
A.
Other Businesses.
To offer you our Services, we may engage with other businesses who are affiliates of us and/or non-affiliated service providers (e.g. logistics businesses used to deliver products, marketing companies, payments processors to process online transactions, analyzing data etc.) and share your Personal Data with such businesses. We may involve other businesses in your transactions, who may store your Personal Data in a digital wallet to make your use of our Services more efficient.
You understand that it is important that such businesses have access to the relevant Personal Data to perform their functions. We will ensure that these businesses do not use your Personal Data for other purposes. We may also receive Personal Data from these businesses (e.g. updated delivery and address information), which we may use (e.g. to correct our records and deliver your next purchase). These businesses shall be contractually bound to respect the confidentiality of your Personal Data and not use it for any other purposes.
B.
Third Parties.
We may share your Personal Data with any third parties for the purposes set out in clause 5 above. However, we ensure that all the businesses follow practices at least as protective as those described in this Privacy Policy. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions. You can ask us or third parties to stop sending you marketing communications at any time by selecting your marketing preferences on the Platform or by following the opt-out links on any marketing message sent to you or by contacting us at legal@namshi.com or care@namshi.com at any time.
Additionally, you may be asked to provide additional Personal Data to participate in some of our market research activities, including competitions and promotions. (e.g. further Personal Data to establish your eligibility to win a prize). This Personal Data may be collected by us or our co-sponsors or vendors for the promotion.  If you choose not to provide certain Personal Data, you might not be able to take advantage of the competitions and promotions. In case you decide to participate, please note that you should review such third parties’ privacy policies to see how they may use any Personal Data that they collect.
C.
Business Transfers.
As our business evolves, we may engage in buying or selling other businesses or services. In these transactions, customer Personal Data is typically included among the transferred assets but will continue to be protected under any existing Privacy Policy(ies) (unless, of course, the customer does not consent). In an event wherein we are acquired or if a substantial portion of our assets are acquired, customer Personal Data will be included as part of the assets being transferred.
D.
Protection of the Platform and Others.
We release Personal Data of users when we believe such a release is appropriate to comply with the law, law enforcement investigations and to protect the rights, property or safety of ourselves, our users or others. This includes exchanging Personal Data with other companies and organizations for various reasons, such as fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
7.	HOW DO WE STORE AND HOW LONG DO WE STORE YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
The Personal Data that we collect from you may be transferred, stored and processed by staff who work for us or for one of our service providers. Such staff may be engaged in, among other things, the fulfillment of your order, the processing of your payment details and the provision of support services. We will store your Personal Data for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes indicated in this Privacy Policy or as otherwise required by law. To determine the appropriate retention period for your Personal Data, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the Personal Data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your Personal Data, the purposes for which we process your Personal Data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or other requirements. In some circumstances we will anonymize your Personal Data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes, in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
8.	WHAT SECURITY MEASURES DO WE APPLY?
We design our systems with your security and privacy in mind. We maintain commercially reasonable technical, administrative, and physical safeguards to ensure your Personal Data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy, and in compliance with applicable laws, and to protect against unauthorized access or alteration to, disclosure, or destruction of your Personal Data. We may, for example, use encryption technology to secure your Personal Data during transmission to the Platform as well as external firewall and on-host firewall technology to prevent network level attacks. Only those authorized employees, contractors, and agents who need to know your Personal Data in connection with the performance of their services are allowed to access this Personal Data. We follow the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) when handling credit card data.
It is important for you to protect yourself against unauthorized access to your password and to your devices used to access our Services. You are responsible for keeping your password confidential (for example, ensure that you sign off when you have finished using a shared device). Although we will do our best to protect your Personal Data, unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure.
9.	WHAT ARE YOUR DATA SUBJECT RIGHTS?
A.	Under certain circumstances, you have the following data subject rights:
a.
Right to be informed about the Personal Data being collected from you:
If you have any questions as to how we collect and use your Personal Data, please contact us at: legal@namshi.com or care@namshi.com. Many of our Services also include settings that provide you with options as to how your Personal Data is being used.
b.
Right to access the Personal Data about you:
You are able to access a broad range of information about your account and your interactions with the Platform for the purpose of viewing and, in most cases, updating your Personal Data. Examples of Personal Data you can access easily on the Platform include:
Up-to-date information regarding recent orders;
Personally identifiable information (including name, e-mail, password, birthdate, communications, and personalized advertising preferences);
Payment settings (including credit card information); and
E-mail notification settings.
To request any additional information, please contact us at:
legal@namshi.com
or
care@namshi.com
.
c.
Right to request access to your Personal Data:
In certain circumstances, you are entitled to request access to your Personal Data held by us in a readable and clear format if technically feasible. To make such a request, please contact us at: legal@namshi.com care@namshi.com..
d.
Right to request destruction of your Personal Data:
To the extent permissible by applicable law, you may have the right to request destruction or erasure of your Personal Data. To make such a request, please contact customer service at 800 626744  or care@namshi.com. Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you.
e.
Withdraw Consent / Right to Object:
You may at any time withdraw consent for processing of marketing data to which you previously consented. You can opt-out of receiving future marketing communications from us at any time by adjusting your customer communication preferences through the unsubscribe link within the email communication. Also, you may disable Cookies by changing the settings on your browser. If you disable Cookies, it will affect how our Platform works, and you may not be able to access or use certain areas of our Platform or full functionality.
f.
Right to request correction of Personal Data:
You may at any time request amendment to, and correction of, your Personal Data by reaching out to us on legal@namshi.com or care@namshi.com..
B.	Unless otherwise stipulated by the law, you will not be required to pay any fees in return for exercising your rights. In case you submit a request for exercising your rights, you will receive a response within the time limits set out in applicable law.
10. HOW DO WE CHANGE OUR PRIVACY POLICY?
As our business changes constantly, our Privacy Policy may also need to change however, we will inform you of any such changes by posting the updated version of the Privacy Policy on the Platform, and each such change will be effective upon posting on the Platform or upon the date designated by us as the "effective date".
We may e-mail periodic reminders of our notices and conditions, but you should check the Platform frequently to see recent changes. It is your obligation to regularly check the Privacy Policy. Your continued use of the Platform following any such change constitutes your agreement to this Privacy Policy as so modified from time to time.
11. CONTACT US
If you have any concerns about your Personal Data on the Platform, please contact us at legal@namshi.com or care@namshi.com with a thorough description of your query or request.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://help.namshi.com/portal/en/kb/articles/privacy-policy-for-namshi-com/:
Welcome to  Portal
Skip to Content
Skip to Menu
Skip to Footer
?
Unknown
\
pull-down
Privacy Policy for Namshi.com
1- Privacy Policy Platforms :
This privacy policy is applicable to all of Namshi’s customer-facing platforms including Namshi’s website, www. namshi.com, and Namshi’s mobile applications (“Platforms”). Any reference to “site” or “website” may also refer to platforms interchangeably.
2- Privacy Policy Changes :
This Privacy Policy may be subject to change from time to time. The current version of this Privacy Policy is posted online by Namshi.
You should check our Privacy Policy regularly. Your continued use of the Namshi website, application and services constitutes your agreement to this Privacy Policy, as amended from time to time.
3- Your rights :
You have rights to your personal data:
1. You have the right to be informed of any personal data that we may hold or process about you
2. You have the right to request access to the personal data that we may hold or process about you
3. You have the right to require us to correct any inaccuracies in your data free of charge
4. You have the right to ask us to stop using your personal data for direct marketing purposes
5. You have the right to ask us to erase your personal data or restrict the processing of your personal data
6. You have the right to request us to transfer any personal data that we may hold to you or any other service provider of your choice.
7. You have the right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority.
If you have any concerns about your data, you can contact us via phone at +971 800 626744 (Toll-free in the UAE)  and
800 2466744
KSA (Local) and
If you are calling from any other countries :
+971 800 626744 or
get quick  answers to your questions by visiting our
Help Centre
.
4- Data Privacy Notice
I hereby confirm that I have read and understood this Privacy Policy. By submitting data to Namshi or its agent(s) or by my using of Namshi's website, applications, or services, I voluntarily and expressly consent to Namshi's collection, use, sharing, processing, and retention of my data in the manner set out in this Privacy Policy.
I understand that Namshi requires my personal data in the manner set out in the Privacy Policy to provide me with the product or service I have applied for/ordered. I hereby give consent for Namshi to process, retain, and dispose of my data and share it with Namshi’s subsidiaries, branches, agents, third-party service providers, credit and debit agencies, and regulators/other government bodies, both within and outside the UAE, to the extent permitted by law, for the provision of this product/service to me.
Namshi, its staff, and all third parties with permitted access to my data are specifically bound to observe Namshi’s confidentiality obligations. I understand that I may refuse or withdraw my consent at any time. However, if I do so, Namshi will be unable to comply with its legal or regulatory obligations and may be unable to offer its products and services to me.
5- Security :
We have in place appropriate technical and security measures to prevent unauthorized or unlawful access to or accidental loss of or destruction or damage to your information. When we collect data through the Site, we collect your personal details on a secure server. We use firewalls on our servers. When we collect payment card details electronically, we use encryption by using Secure Socket Layer (SSL) coding. Whilst we are unable to guarantee 100% security, this makes it hard for a hacker to decrypt your details. You are strongly recommended not to send full credit or debit card details in unencrypted electronic communications with us. We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards in connection with the collection and disclosure of your information. Our security procedures mean that we may occasionally request proof of identity before we disclose personal information to you. You are responsible for protecting against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer.
6- Log Information :
Every time you visit any of Namshi’s Platforms, information is sent from your browser to our server log files, where it will be saved. The information transferred includes the time and date of visit to our site, which pages were viewed, IP address, URL of the site that referred you to Namshi, how much information has been stored, and which browser you have been using.
Once we have all this information, all IP addresses are deleted or anonymized. Anonymization means that your IP address is changed in such a way that it either cannot be linked with the original user or can only be linked through extensive research.
The anonymous information stored in this log file is then used to improve the shopping experience on the Namshi Platforms by making our navigation more user-friendly, finding errors quickly, and directing our server’s capacity to where it is needed most. For example, this information allows us to work out our busiest times and plan enough server power for those times to keep our site running as quickly as possible.
Customer Declaration of Consent
By and in relation to my continuous use of Namshi's site, I hereby give my permission for Namshi to analyze and use protocol data to develop and optimize their online shop.
7- Cookies :
It is not necessary to accept cookies to visit our Platforms. However, if you would like to place an order or add an item to your shopping basket, you will need to set your browser to accept cookies so you can use the shopping basket and checkout functions.
What are Cookies?
Cookies and flash cookies are small files that are saved on your data carrier which store specific information about your preferred settings and any other data that our system needs when interacting with your browser. Cookies help us to tailor our Platforms to suit you and to reflect your tastes and your browsing habits. They also allow us to save any information you have entered so you don’t have to enter it all again the next time you visit.
Cookies enable our system to recognize that you’ve visited our Platforms before and to remember which settings (like language preference) and products you prefer. Temporary/permanent cookies have a lifespan, after which they will be automatically deleted. Cookies allow us to collect and analyze data to come up with strategies to improve our Platforms. This makes our Platforms easier for our customers to use and helps us to provide you with personal recommendations of products you may like. Our aim is to offer you a fun, easy shopping experience on our Platforms that is tailored to your tastes.
What kind of cookies does Namshi use?
We may use any of the following types of cookies on our Platforms:
1. Session cookies - These cookies are deleted at the end of your browser session and are used to enable you to use our site and its features e.g. “Wishlist” and “Shopping bag"
2. Analytics cookies- These cookies enable us to analyze how you are using our site and come up with strategies to make your shopping experience even better
3. Customer preference cookies- we use these cookies to remember your product and account preferences to offer you an even more personalized shopping experience. To be able to do this, though, these cookies may remain on your computer even after you have quit the browser.
4. Customer targeting and advertising cookies- we use these cookies to show you ads that are relevant to you based on your preferences. These cookies also enable us to control the number of times you view an ad and gauge the efficacy of our marketing campaigns.
What kind of information is stored in cookies?
The cookies we use are never used to store any personal information. Therefore our cookies cannot be traced back to an individual user. Once a cookie is activated, it is given an ID number, which is solely used for internal reference and cannot be used to identify the user or access any personal information, such as your name or IP address. The anonymized information we receive from the cookies allows us to assess which pages of our site are visited the most and see which products are most popular etc.
What is on-site targeting?
We gather the information that could be useful in tailoring our adverts and online offers to our customers. This information is not used to identify you as a user; it is solely used for the optimization of our website. Information collected by our cookies is not stored with our customer’s personal information or order information, it is only used to provide our users with adverts and/or notifications of offers and services that are suited to their individual tastes, using click stream analysis (e.g. adverts for reduced trainers if a customer has been browsing our sports shoe selection). Our goal is to provide you with a shopping experience suited to your tastes and shopping preferences.
Does Namshi use third-party cookies?
Cookies from specific business partners are allowed by us for the purpose of tailoring their adverts to your tastes and browsing habits, so cookies from some of our partners may be stored on your computer when you visit our site. These cookies are temporary/permanent cookies, which will be automatically deleted from your computer at the end of their lifespan (14 days to 2 years). As with our cookies, these third-party cookies do not collect any personal information. The data stored is collected at certain times, allowing these companies to see which products have been viewed most frequently but this is done completely anonymously under randomly designated user ID numbers. Therefore, this data will never be pooled with any personal information you have given to us. Third-party cookies have the sole purpose of allowing our partners to advertise products that may interest you.
Re-targeting
Our website uses retargeting, which allows us to make our online offer more interesting for you. Retargeting technology means we can advertise recently viewed and related products on our partners’ websites, meaning our adverts, even on other companies sites, are relevant to what you would like to see. We do this by analyzing user behavior from data collected by our cookies. Even this kind of information is anonymous, with no personal information being stored and no user profiles.
How can I prevent cookies from being stored on my computer?
You can change the settings in your browser to ask for your permission every time a cookie tries to access your computer. If you would like to accept our cookies but block our partners’ cookies, you can set your browser to block third-party cookies.
Usually, your browser’s help section will provide information on how to change your cookie settings.
We recommend only changing the browser setting for your profile on shared computers.
The Platforms use technology from third-party service providers such as Google, Facebook etc. through which data is collected and stored for marketing and optimization purposes and data use profiles are prepared under a pseudonym. Cookies may be used for this. The cookies enable recognition of the Internet browser. The data collected is not used, without separate authorization by the person concerned, to personally identify the visitors to this website and is not collated with personal data on the pseudonym holder. The permission for data recording and storage may at any time be canceled with on-going effect.
The Platforms use, for example, Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses cookies, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators, and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however, please note that if you do this, you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.
By using our Platforms, you consent to the processing of data about you by our third-party service providers in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
Customer Declaration of Consent
I hereby give permission for my user information to be stored on cookie files and my user information to be used as described herein above. I also allow these files to remain on my computer after I have ended my browser session so they may be used upon my next visit to the website. I reserve the right to retract this permission by changing my browser settings to refuse cookies.
8- Data that we collect from you :
We may collect various information if you seek to place an order for a product to us on any of our Platforms.
We collect, and process your data for processing your purchase on our Platforms and any possible later claims, and to provide you with our services. We may collect your title, name, gender, email address, postal address, delivery address (if different), telephone number, mobile number, fax number, payment details, payment card details, or bank account details.
We also collect your device information including device IDs and any other personally identifiable information used to access Namshi to enhance your user experience by making improvements to our Platforms to customize it to your preferences. This information is also used for fraud detection and prevention.
We will use the information you provide to enable us to process your orders and to provide you with the services and information offered through our Platforms that you request. Further, we will use the information you provide to administer your account with us; handle returns and size change requests; verify and carry out financial transactions in relation to payments you make online, refunds and fraud detection and prevention; audit the downloading of data from our platforms; improve the layout and/or content of the pages of our platforms and customize them for users; identify visitors on our apps and website; carry out research on our users’ demographics; send you information we think you may find useful or which you have requested from us, including information about our products and services, provided you have indicated that you have not objected to being contacted for these purposes.
Subject to obtaining your consent we may contact you by email with details of other products and services. If you prefer not to receive any marketing communications from us, you can opt-out at any time.
We may pass your name, phone number, and address on to a third party in order to make delivery of the product to you (for example to our courier or supplier).
Your phone number and email address may be used for notifications regarding order status and announcements of the latest deals and campaigns.
We may use the information we collect to conduct customer service-related analyses, train our Customer Service agents, and to provide you with the right customer support so that you receive the best customer experience from Namshi.
Payments that you make through our platforms will be processed by our agent. You must only submit to us or our Agent or the Site information, which is accurate and not misleading, and you must keep it up to date and inform us of changes.
Your actual order details may be stored with us but for security reasons cannot be retrieved directly by us. However, you may access this information by logging into your account on any of our Platforms. Here you can view the details of your orders that have been completed, those that are open, and those that are short to be dispatched and administer your address details, bank details, and any newsletter to which you may have subscribed. You undertake to treat the personal access data confidentially and not make it available to unauthorized third parties. We cannot assume any liability for the misuse of passwords unless this misuse is our fault.
Legitimate Purpose
We may keep your information even after you have closed your account and are no longer availing our services to detect and prevent fraud, meet our legal/compliance/regulatory requirements, resolve any disputes, and enforce our privacy policies and terms and conditions.
Credit Check and Fraud Prevention
We may use fraud prevention agencies (FPA) to help us make decisions as to whether to accept an order for products on our Platforms. A condensed guide as to how we, FPAs will use your information is detailed below. If you would like to see more information about this, or the agencies we use, please contact us.
We will use your data in the following ways:
We will search at FPAs for information on those placing orders for products on our platforms.
We will use the information provided to us by FPAs to help make decisions about all those placing orders for products on our Platforms.
If you give us false or inaccurate information and we identify fraud, details may be passed to FPAs. (and we have the right to not process the orders).
Other uses of your personal information
We may use your personal information for opinion and market research. Your details are anonymous and will only be used for statistical analysis. You can choose to opt-out of this at any time. Any answers to surveys or opinion polls we may ask you to complete will not be forwarded on to third parties. Disclosing your email address is only necessary if you would like to take part in competitions. We save the answers to our surveys separately from your email address.
We may also send you other information about us, our Platforms, our other websites, our products, sales promotions, our newsletters, and anything relating to other companies in our group or our business partners.
If you would prefer not to receive any of this additional information as detailed in this paragraph (or any part of it) please click the ‘unsubscribe’ link in an email that we send to you or send a communication to us via the
Contact Us
form available on each article within the Help Center, asking us to unsubscribe you from that particular email. Within 7 working days (days which are neither a
Friday
or
Saturday
or (ii) a public holiday anywhere in The United Arab Emirates) of receipt of your instruction, we will cease to send you information as requested. If your instruction is unclear, we will contact you for clarification.
Please note that we will continue to share service-level communication with you, even if you opt-out of receiving additional information from us. Our service level communication enables us to fulfill our promise to you by communicating your order confirmation, shipment messages, etc.
We may further anonymize data about users on our platforms generally and use it for various purposes, including ascertaining the general location of the users and usage of certain aspects of the apps or Sites or a link contained in an email to those registered to receive them and supplying that anonymized data to third parties such as publishers. This data is also used for research purposes, systems improvements, site, and app improvements, and offering you the best products. However, anonymized data will not be capable of identifying you personally.
Competitions
For any competition, we use the data to notify the winners and advertise our offers. You can find more details where applicable in our participation terms for the respective competition.
Third Parties and Links
We may share collected personally identifying information (including email addresses) with other companies in our group and for commercial purposes - such as advertising. We may also pass your details to our agents and subcontractors to help us with any of our uses of your data set out in our Privacy Policy. For example, we may use third parties to assist us with delivering products to you, to help us to collect payments from you, to analyze data, and to provide us with marketing or customer service assistance. We may exchange information with third parties for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction. We may transfer our databases containing your personal information if we sell our business or part of it.
Your information may also be shared with companies approved by you e.g. your social media sites. Our platforms may contain advertising of third parties and links to other sites or frames of other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of those third parties or other sites, nor for any third party to whom we transfer your data in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
We also target our ads and other marketing content to you while you are on our Platforms based on the information we have on you, your browsing history on Namshi, and your previous transactions with Namshi.
Other than as set out in this Privacy Policy, we shall NOT sell or disclose your personal data to third parties without obtaining your prior consent unless this is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy or unless we are required to do so by law.
Use of Facebook Social Plugins
Our Platforms use social plugins (“plugins”) provided by the social network
facebook.com
, operated by Facebook Inc.,
1601 S. California Avenue, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA
(“Facebook”). The plugins are identifiable by a Facebook logo or the notice “Facebook Social Plugin”. For a full list of all social plugins and their appearance please see
developers.facebook.com/
plugins
.
When you visit a page of our platforms that contains a social plugin, your browser establishes a direct connection to Facebook servers. Facebook directly transfers the plugin content to your browser, which embeds the latter into the website, enabling Facebook to receive information about your having accessed the respective page of the relevant platform. For this purpose, the internet address of the visited site (your IP address included) is transferred to a USA-based Facebook server where the data are stored. This occurs even if you do not have a Facebook account or are not logged into Facebook at the time.
If you are logged into Facebook, your visit can be assigned to your Facebook account. If you interact with the plugins, for example by clicking “Like”, or entering a comment, the corresponding information is transmitted from your browser directly to Facebook and stored by it. The information can also be published on Facebook and shown to your Facebook friends.
If you are a Facebook member and do not want Facebook to connect the data concerning your visit to our platforms with your member data already stored by Facebook, please log off Facebook before entering our Platforms. You can also block Facebook social Plugins by using add-ons for your browser, like the “Facebook Blocker”.
For information on the purpose and scope of data collection by Facebook and how it is processed and used, as well as your rights in this respect and settings options for protecting your privacy, please visit Facebook’s privacy policy.
9- To Whom We May Disclose Your Information
Information about our customers is an important part of our business. We share your Information only as described below and with businesses that follow practices at least as protective as those described in this Privacy Policy:
Other Businesses. To offer you our Services, we may engage with businesses who are affiliates of us and/or non-affiliated service providers (e.g. logistics businesses used to deliver products to you, marketing companies, payments processers to process online transactions, etc.). We may involve other businesses in your transactions, who may store your Information in a digital wallet to make your use of our Services more efficient.
You understand that it is important that such businesses have access to the relevant Information to perform their functions. We will ensure that these businesses do not use your Information for other purposes. We may also receive Information from these business (e.g. updated delivery and address information), which we may use (e.g. to correct our records and deliver your next purchase). By using our Platform, you hereby freely and specifically consent to the transfer, storage, use, and disclosure of your Information among businesses who are affiliates of us and/or non-affiliated service providers, wherever located. These businesses shall be contractually bound to respect the confidentiality of your Information.
Marketing and Promotional Offers. We may also use your Information to provide you with information about goods, services and campaigns which may be of interest to you and enhance your Platform experience, service messages, new features, enhancements, special offers and events of interest. We may contact you via various channels, including without limitation emails, push notifications, web notifications, post, telephone, in-app messages, WhatsApp messages and news feed cards.
We may permit third parties to use your Information. For example, we may provide advertisers Information to help them reach the kind of audience they want to target and to enable us to comply with our commitments to our advertisers (e.g. by displaying their advertisements to a target audience).
Additionally, you may be asked to provide additional Information to participate in some of our market research activities, including competitions and promotions. For example, if you win a competition, you may be asked to provide further personal data to establish your eligibility and provide you with the prize. This Information may be collected by us or our co-sponsors or vendors for the promotion. Note that you should review such third parties’ privacy policies to see how they may use any information that they collect.
Business Transfers. In the event that we or substantially all of our assets are acquired, customer information will be one of the transferred assets.
Protection of Our Platform and Others. We release account and other Information when we believe such a release is appropriate to comply with the law and law enforcement investigations and to protect the rights, property or safety of our users or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for various reasons, such as fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Customer Declaration of Consent
I voluntarily and expressly consent to Namshi's collection, use, sharing, processing, and retention of my data in the manner set out hereinabove.
Helpful?
6
2
Share :
Follow
Subscribe to receive notifications from this article.