Skip to main content
Skip to footer content
Masimo Consumer General Privacy Notice
Last Updated: April 3, 2023
We, Masimo Consumer, provide this Masimo Consumer General Privacy Notice to explain how we collect, use, disclose and otherwise process your personal information when you use our products and apps, visit our events, use our websites and rights you may have under applicable data privacy and protection laws.
This is the Privacy Notice of DEI Sales, Inc., and its operating groups, subsidiaries, divisions, and brands, such as Boston Acoustics, Bowers & Wilkins, Classé, Definitive Technology, Denon, HEOS, Marantz, Masimo and Polk, collectively referred to hereafter as, “Masimo Consumer,” and also referred to as ‘we’, ‘us’, ‘our’.
At Masimo Consumer, we are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy and the security of information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (hereafter ‘personal data’ – the terms ‘personal data’ and ‘personal information’ are used interchangeably throughout this document). Your personal data will be processed and used in a responsible way and in line with, among others, the European Union’s and the United Kingdom’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), the California Privacy Rights Act (CPRA), the Australian Privacy Act, Japan’s Act on the Protection of Personal Information (APPI), China’s Personal Information Protection Law (PIPL) and the equivalent requirements of other countries.
In this Privacy Notice we inform you about the way we handle your personal data and your rights in relation to your personal data. Please note that this Notice contains additional specific local provisions, where applicable. These are included in Section 13.
Contact Details
Any questions regarding this Notice and our privacy practices should be sent by email to
privacy@masimoconsumer.com
or by writing to our Privacy Coordinator for your region:
For the Americas, Australia and New Zealand
Masimo Americas Inc.
Attn: Director of Privacy and Data Protection
52 Discovery, Irvine, CA 92618
USA
For Asia
D&M Holdings Inc.
D&M Building, 2-1, Nisshin-cho, Kawasaki-ku, Kanagawa,
Japan
For EU, UK and all Other Regions
D&M Europe B.V.
Oude Stadsgracht 1, 5611 DD Eindhoven, NL
The Netherlands
​​Table of Contents
1. Does This Privacy Notice Apply to You?
2. What Personal data does Masimo Consumer process?
3. Do We Use Cookies?
4. For What Purposes Do We Process Your Personal Data?
5. What Are the Legal Bases for Processing My Personal Data?
6. How Long Do We Retain Your Personal Data?
7. With Whom Do We Share Your Personal Data?
8. How Do We Protect Your Personal Data?
9. What Are Your Rights?
10. Targeted Advertising
11. Global Privacy Control (GPC) and Do Not Track Signals
12. Updates to this Privacy Notice?
13. Additional information for EU residents
1. Does This Privacy Notice Apply to You?
This Notice applies to you when Masimo Consumer processes your personal data. This means, we collect and process your personal data when:
you visit our website,
buy and use our products that connect to the internet,
download our apps or software,
when you choose to register your product or create an account with us,
when you engage with our questionnaires, promotions, surveys or provide marketing response to our engagement activities,
when you choose to receive offers or literature from us, such as newsletters or product updates and offers, or
when you contact us in any other way.
Children 16 or Under
Our websites are for a general audience and not aimed at or intended to be used by children. We intend to protect the privacy of children aged 16 or under. If you are aged 16 or under‚ you must obtain your parent or guardian’s permission before providing us with your personal information. We do not knowingly obtain or try to obtain personal information from children or request such information from them.
2. What Personal data does Masimo Consumer process?
In the course of our business activities and providing services, we may process the Personal Data of:
Customers (potential and existing) and Website Visitors, such as:
Contact information:
name, address (where applicable including company address), e-mail address and telephone number;
Personal Details:
age, gender
Shipment information:
shipping and billing address, payment method, credit or debit card number, verification number and expiration date;
Purchase information:
warranty registration and purchase history including shipping amounts;
Product information:
information we obtain when you use our products or download our firmware or software, including information on registration/subscription, product set-up, user experience tracking, online (crash) logging, anonymous profiling, your country location and local storage;
Account information:
including log-in details for our user accounts, including your e-mail address and other information you provide through your account;
Preference and user information
such as our communications with you, including through chat, history of related commercial activities, survey information, shopping preferences and complaints and further information you decide to provide to us in connection with your use of our services;
Automatically generated information
including date and time stamps, content and (sub)pages that you visited on our website or using our apps, time spent on each (sub)page, referring website details and the search terms you used before entering, your operating system and browser type, your browser’s default language, your network location, your computer’s Flash version, JavaScript support, screen resolution and screen color processing ability, your IP address and your unique device ID or user ID.
Social media information:
depending on the choices you have made in your privacy settings on various social media platforms, certain personal information may be shared with Masimo Consumer about your online activities and social media profiles, e.g., interests, marital status, gender, username, photo, posts you have made. If you do not want this, please make sure to update your personal settings on the social media platforms that you use.
Third-Party information you share with us
: If you choose to ship our products to a third-party (e.g., friends, family, work, gifts), we will use the information you provide about the third party to fulfil the shipment request. It is your responsibility to ensure that this third-party consents to you transferring their personal information to us.
3. Do We Use Cookies?
Yes, Masimo Consumer uses cookies and similar technologies on its websites. Based on certain cookies, Masimo Consumer automatically processes personal data. Consult our Cookie Notice to learn more about the cookies and similar technologies that we use.
4. For What Purposes Do We Process Your Personal Data?
We collect and process your personal data for the following purposes:
To provide our products and services to you;
To activate or register certain products and services or enhancing functionality;
For research purposes in order to enhance our products and services;
To optimize our products and services and to be able to do market research;
To respond to your requests and provide you with requested information and services;
For marketing and advertisement;
For the administration of our products, services, and business;
For customer service and handling complaints and disputes;
To store your preferences for future interactions and communications from Masimo Consumer so that the information doesn’t have to be collected anew;
To send out personalized messages, surveys, special offers and advertisements that are relevant to your personal interests, based on the information you have shared with us and on the information we have collected through cookies or similar techniques regarding your use of the Masimo Consumer websites/social media/blogs and products;
To keep you informed of, or offering to let you test new products and services;
To meet our legal, professional and regulatory obligations;
For the performance of audits, such as accounting audits;
To prevent and detect fraud;
To defend against or pursue legal claims;
In the context of mergers or acquisitions;
To gather and provide information required by or relating to enquiries or investigations by regulatory bodies.
These processing purposes correspond with the legal grounds for processing as set out in Section 2 of this Privacy Notice.
If you do not provide your personal data, the following types of issues can occur:
We may not be able to provide updates to the products that you use from Masimo Consumer, or those updates may not be received timely.
We may not be able to provide the services that you have requested;
There may be a delay in our services or our response to your request for services;
Your Masimo Consumer products may not perform as intended (e.g., your music preferences or preferred music sources allow us to enable certain content or choices more quickly when you are playing back music).
5. What Are the Legal Bases for Processing My Personal Data?
We may process your personal data because:
you have given us your consent to do so;
because we have entered into a contract with you to provide our products or services;
because we have a legal obligation to process the personal data; or
because it is necessary for us to process your personal data (legitimate interest).
If we process your personal data because you have given us consent to do so, you may withdraw your consent at any time. The processing of your personal data up until your consent is withdrawn will remain lawful.
If we process your personal data for our legitimate interest, we will only do so if this is necessary for us to conduct our business.
6. How Long Do We Retain Your Personal Data?
We will retain your personal data only for as long as necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Notice. For certain personal data we are bound by legal retention periods or retention periods necessary with a view to legal prescription periods.
After the retention period, we will delete or anonymize your personal data, unless we have another purpose to retain it. We will always only do so if we have a legal ground to retain this personal data and we will make sure that the data is only accessible for that specific purpose.
In case of a dispute between you and Masimo Consumer, we may hold your personal data for a longer period.
7. With Whom Do We Share Your Personal Data?
We share your personal data with:
Companies within our group
: Our subsidiaries, affiliates, and operating groups may have access to your personal data (per Section 2 above) for any one of the purposes listed above in Section 4.
Third-Party Service Providers/Data Processors
: Third parties that process your personal data on our behalf. These third-parties help us to deliver our products to you (e.g., payment service providers, warehouses and delivery companies), and help us run our business (e.g., marketing agencies or website hosts, marketing communication platforms, analytics and reporting systems). For our Apps, they also provide us with the ability to store a provide music content that may be streamed from our servers to your Masimo Consumer products.
Cookies
: As stated above and in our Cookie Notice, cookies and similar tags are shared with third-parties, such as social media platforms and analytics companies, when you visit our website.
Law enforcement/government agencies
: We may be required to share your personal information in response to a subpoena, court order, government investigation, or to comply with other legal processes or obligations
In the exercise of our legal rights
: We may need to share your personal information to establish or exercise our legal rights, or in connection with a corporate transaction, such as a divesture, merger, consolidation or asset sale, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy.
Third parties will only use your personal data for the purposes described above and in accordance with our instructions. We only work with processors that provide sufficient guarantees to implement appropriate technical and organizational measures, and to ensure the protection of your rights we have agreements in place governing their use of your information and their relationship with Masimo Consumer.
We may share certain anonymous data with third parties, but this will not be data that can be identified with you. For instance, we may share information about the total number of users for a particular service or product.
We will never sell or rent your information to third parties. All communications to you will come from Masimo Consumer and its companies or brands. We will not share your information with third parties to allow them to market to you unless pursuant to a contract or you have agreed to allow us to do that.
8. How Do We Protect Your Personal Data?
We take the protection of your personal data seriously and take appropriate measures to prevent abuse, loss, misuse, unauthorized access, unwanted disclosure and unauthorized alterations. For example, we have implemented access controls, we use appropriate system and network security measures such as firewalls, encryption and patches, we protect portable devices with appropriate passwords, and all our employees are required to treat your personal data as confidential.
We limit access to your personal information to those who have a genuine business need to access it. Those processing your information will do so only in an authorized manner and are subject to a duty of confidentiality. We also have procedures in place to deal with any suspected data security breach. We will notify you and any applicable regulator of a suspected data security breach where we are legally required to do so.
All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.
No matter the measures we take, unfortunately, no data transmission can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us over the internet, e-mail or other electronic communication methods and therefore you do so at your own risk.
If you have the impression that your personal data is not properly secured or there are indications of misuse, or for other questions, please contact us via the contact details as provided on top of this document.
9. What Are Your Rights?
Depending on where you live, you may have one or more of the following rights in relation to your personal data, subject to exceptions and limitations established by applicable data protection law in the country or jurisdiction you live:
Right of access:
You have the right to ask us for a copy of the data we hold about you and to learn details about how we use it. However, we may not be able to provide a copy of all details since we also respect the rights and freedoms of others. Please note that we may require you to prove your identity before providing the requested information.
Right to rectification:
You have the right to ask us to amend any of your personal data that you believe is incomplete or inaccurate.
Right to object:
You have the right to object to processing which is based on our legitimate interests. You may also ask us to stop using your personal data for marketing purposes at any time. If you do so, we will stop using your personal data for such purposes. For other purposes based on our legitimate interests, we will no longer process the personal data on that basis when you file an objection, unless we have a compelling legitimate ground for the processing. Please note that we may not be able to provide certain services or benefits if we are unable to process the necessary personal data for that purpose.
Right to restriction of processing:
You have the right to ask us to (temporarily) stop processing your personal data, for example when we check the accuracy of your personal data.
Right to be forgotten / right to erasure:
You have the right to ask us to erase or destroy your personal data. In case we are obliged to retain certain personal data by legal or regulatory obligations, or when destruction is not possible from a technical point of view, we may not comply with your request.
Right to data portability:
You may have the right to ask to transfer your personal data to a third party of your choice. This right can only be exercised when you have provided the personal data to us, and when we are processing that data by automated means on the basis of your consent or in order to perform our obligations under a contract with you.
Right to withdraw consent:
You have the right to withdraw your consent for the processing of your personal data at any time. After the withdrawal of your consent, we will stop the processing as soon as possible. However, the withdrawal of your consent does not affect the lawfulness of the processing before consent was withdrawn. Withdrawal of your consent could also affect the provision of our products and services to you, as outlined in Sections 4 and 5 of this Privacy Notice.
Rights relating to automated decision-making:
You have the right not to be subjected to a decision based solely on automated decision-making, including profiling, which produces legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affects you. If you have been subject to an automated decision and do not agree with the outcome, you can ask us to review the decision.
Note that we will have to balance your rights and your request to exercise them against our rights and obligations to process your personal data and to protect the rights and freedoms of others.
Requests and complaints may be directed to
privacy@masimoconsumer.com
In case of a request, we kindly ask you to:
specify your name and the contact details that are relevant for your request;
specify the type of personal data in question;
specify, to the extent reasonably possible, the data system in which the personal data likely are stored;
show proof of your identity; and
in the case of requesting correction, specify the reasons why the personal data are incorrect or incomplete and how they should be corrected or completed.
Within four weeks after receiving the request or the objection, we will inform you in writing or by email either (i) of the action that Masimo Consumer has taken or will take in response or (ii) the ultimate date on which you will be informed of Masimo Consumer’s position on your request, which date will be no later than eight weeks after receiving your request, unless otherwise required to be sooner in your applicable country or jurisdiction.
Furthermore, you have the right to file a complaint with your local supervisory authority or data protection office as applicable to your country or jurisdiction.
10. Targeted Advertising
We work with third parties, such as ad networks, channel partners, mobile ad networks, analytics and measurement services and others third party companies to personalize content and display advertising on third-party sites, such as on mobile apps and online services. We may share certain information with these third-party companies, and utilize cookies, pixels tags, and other tools to collect usage and browsing information within the Masimo Services, as well as on third-party sites, apps and services. This may include IP addresses, location information, device ID, cookies, pixels, advertising IDs, and other identifiers, as well as browsing information. We use this information to provide you with more relevant ads and content and to evaluate the success of such ads and content.
If you are in the U.S., you can obtain more information and opt out of receiving targeted ads from participating third-party ad networks at
aboutads.info/choices
(Digital Advertising Alliance). You may also download the DAA AppChoices (
youradchoices.com/appchoices
) tool in order to help control interest-based advertising on your apps. In addition, users in the EU, may obtain more information at
youronlinechoices.eu
(European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance).
11. Global Privacy Control (GPC) and Do Not Track Signals
Global Privacy Control (GPC) is a browser setting on your browser that notifies websites of your privacy preferences (such as “do not track”/ “do not share” or “opt-out” of the sharing of your personal information without your consent) by sending a signal to the website you visit. Our U.S. website is GPC signal enabled and recognizes your GPC signal preferences. In most cases, to send a GPC signal you will need to adjust your web browser’s settings or add an application or extension to your web browser to enable your browser to send GPC signals. For more information about Global Privacy Control, please visit
https://globalprivacycontrol.org/
Some web browsers use other “Do Not Track” (DNT) type signals to communicate that you do not want to have your online activity tracked. Please note, not all browsers offer DNT options and DNT signals are not yet uniform. Therefore, we may not respond to all DNT signals.
12. Updates to this Privacy Notice?
We may change this Privacy Notice from time to time. Any changes we may make to this Notice in the future will be posted on this page. Therefore, we recommend checking this page occasionally to see any updates or changes to this Privacy Notice. Where appropriate, we will notify you of any major changes by e-mail or in another suitable way.
13. Additional information for EU residents
Will your personal data be transferred outside the European Economic Area?
To deliver our products and services, it is sometimes necessary for us to share your personal data with parties outside the European Economic Area (EEA), for example:
with our subsidiaries, affiliates, offices or group members;
with our service provider or data processors;
with you, if you are based outside the EEA; or
where there is an international dimension to the products or services that we are providing to you.
Masimo Consumer may store your personal data in a cloud. This means that your personal data may be processed on behalf of Masimo Consumer by a cloud service provider and that this data could be stored at different locations around the world. Masimo Consumer makes use of organizational measures and endeavors to enter contracts with third parties to protect your personal data and to impose similar but in no way less restrictive requirements on our cloud services providers. These requirements also entail that your personal data will be processed exclusively for the purposes as mentioned above.
When transferring your personal data to our companies or third parties outside the EEA, we ensure a similar degree of protection of personal data as required by the GDPR, by implementing at least one of the following safeguards:
Adequate Countries
: We will transfer your personal data to countries that have been deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for personal data by the European Commission, such as for transfers to the UK; or
Approved Transfer Mechanisms
: If we transfer your personal data to a country that is not covered by an adequacy decision of the European Commission or where no derogations for specific transfers apply, we will protect your personal data through European Commission approved Standard Contractual Clauses, an intragroup data transfer agreement, or equivalent mechanisms. These ensure that third parties with whom we share your personal data adhere to the same standards of protection as they do within the EEA. Where necessary, we will take additional measures to safeguard the transfer of your personal data.
United Kingdom
Global
Are you sure you want to remove the following product from the cart?
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyse site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Cookie Settings
Decline
Accept All Cookies
Close dialog
Sign up for the latest news from Denon
Stay up to date with the latest product launches and exclusive offers when you sign up to be a part of the Denon community.
SIGN UP NOW
By signing up you agree to the Denon Terms and conditions and Privacy Policy
Denon Privacy Policy
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://globalprivacycontrol.org/:
GPC signal not detected.
Please
download a browser/extension
that supports it.
Take control of your privacy.
Online privacy should be accessible to everyone. It starts with a simpler way to exercise your rights.
Get Started
Get Involved
Read the Latest Press Release
and
Follow @globalprivctrl on Twitter
.
Turn On
GPC
Enable Global Privacy Control to communicate your privacy preference.
Send the Signal
Your browser will send the
GPC
signal to websites you visit.
Exercise Your Rights
Participating websites can respect your privacy rights accordingly.
You may have noticed “Do Not Sell” and “Object To Processing” links around the web from companies complying with privacy regulations. To opt out of websites selling or sharing your personal information, you need to click these links for every site you visit.
Now you can exercise your legal privacy rights in one step via Global Privacy Control (
GPC
), required under the California Consumer Protection Act (CCPA).
Together, over a dozen organizations are developing the
GPC
specification.
Get Involved
GPC
lets users signal their desired privacy, just by browsing.
GPC
is available as part of several major browsers, extensions, and websites.
View Full Spec
Test against the reference server
The
GPC
signal will be intended to communicate a Do Not Sell request from a global privacy control, as per
CCPA-REGULATIONS §999.315
for that browser or device, or, if known, the consumer. Under the GDPR, the intent of the
GPC
signal is to convey a general request that data controllers limit the sale or sharing of the user’s personal data to other data controllers (
GDPR Articles 7 & 21
). Over time, the
GPC
signal may be intended to communicate rights in other jurisdictions.
“
CA DOJ is encouraged to see the technology community developing a global privacy control in furtherance of the CCPA and consumer privacy rights.
”
Xavier Becerra
CA Attorney General
“
40 million consumers are now using web browsers and other privacy tools that support this global opt out. Major publishers, the New York Times, Washington Post, have already pledged to respect it. California's Attorney General has already said that companies must respect GPC. This is a big step in Americans privacy, a big, big step forward.
”
Ron Wyden
Senate Finance Chairman
“
My hope is that Governor Northam and the legislature will improve [the newly passed Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act] in the near future in important ways... making it easier for Virginia citizens to invoke their privacy rights, such as through a global privacy control.
”
Mark R. Warner
VA Senator
“
GPC provides a clear and binary indication of an individual's choice... Based on a review of several of the web browsers' intentions regarding GPC, it appears likely to be a prominent, easily understandable, and accessible mechanism in the browser settings.
”
Alexander McD White
Bermuda Privacy Commissioner
“
It's past time to give consumers a real and enforceable way to stop companies from tracking and selling their data. My Mind Your Own Business Act would do just that, and this project [Global Privacy Control] shows it’s possible.
”
Ron Wyden
Senate Finance Chairman
“
CCPA requires businesses to treat a user-enabled global privacy control as a legally valid consumer request to opt out of the sale of their data. CCPA opened the door to developing a technical standard, like the GPC, which satisfies this legal requirement & protects privacy.
”
Xavier Becerra
CA Attorney General
Got to slide
0
Got to slide
1
Got to slide
2
Got to slide
3
Got to slide
4
Got to slide
5
Join over 50 million users.
Download a supported browser or extension and start exercising your privacy rights with GPC.
View All Downloads
Abine DeleteMe
LEARN MORE
about
Abine DeleteMe
Brave Browser
LEARN MORE
about
Brave Browser
Disconnect
LEARN MORE
about
Disconnect
DuckDuckGo Privacy Browser
LEARN MORE
about
DuckDuckGo Privacy Browser
Firefox
LEARN MORE
about
Firefox
OptMeowt by privacy-tech-lab
LEARN MORE
about
OptMeowt by privacy-tech-lab
Privacy Badger by EFF
LEARN MORE
about
Privacy Badger by EFF
lockrMail by lockr
LEARN MORE
about
lockrMail by lockr
Founding Organizations
The following organizations, representing 50 million users and hundreds of thousands of websites, are in support of GPC.
View All Organizations
Featured Press & Announcements
GPC Privacy Browser Signal Now Used by Millions and Honored By Major Publishers
Global Privacy Control
Your browser can tell websites how to treat your data. But companies didn’t have to listen — until now
The Washington Post
‘Do Not Track’ Is Back, and This Time It Might Work
Wired
Tech-publisher coalition backs new push for browser-level privacy controls
TechCrunch
View More Press
Frequently Asked Questions
Global Privacy Control (GPC) is a proposed specification designed to allow
Internet users to notify businesses of their privacy preferences, such as
whether or not they want their personal information to be sold or shared. It
consists of a setting or extension in the user’s browser or mobile device and
acts as a mechanism that websites can use to indicate they support the
specification.
GPC is being developed by a broad coalition of stakeholders:
technologists, web publishers, technology companies,
browser vendors, extension developers, academics, and
civil rights organizations.
The GPC was initially spearheaded by
Ashkan
Soltani
Georgetown
Law
and
Sebastian
Zimmeck
(
Wesleyan
University
) in collaboration with
The New York
Times
,
The Washington
Post
,
Financial Times
,
Automattic (Wordpress.com & Tumblr)
,
Glitch
,
DuckDuckGo
,
Brave
,
Mozilla
,
Disconnect
,
Abine
,
Digital Content Next (DCN)
,
Consumer
Reports
, and the
Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF)
.
GPC is available for an increasing number of browsers and browser extensions,
listed
here
. If you want to use
GPC, you can download and enable it via a participating browser or browser
extension. More information about downloading GPC is available
here
.
The GPC spec is easy to implement on a wide variety of websites and other
services. The proposed specification and back-end implementation reference
documentation are available
here
.
For additional information, please feel free to reach out on Github or Twitter
(
@globablprivctrl
).
As it is intended to invoke users’ privacy rights, we encourage policymakers
from around the world to engage in the development of this specification. If you
would like to learn more about how GPC could work in your jurisdiction, please
contact us via email at
info[at]globalprivacycontrol.org
.
GPC was initially introduced at the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C)
Privacy
Community Group
(Privacy CG) in April 2020. A
number of stakeholders are part of that community. There are ongoing
discussions in the Privacy CG. Interested parties are encouraged to engage with
the proposal
here
.
Additionally, GPC is currently being implemented across the web. A number of
browsers, extensions, and publishers are supporting or implementing GPC (see
below).
View All
FAQ
s
Get Involved
Contact us to learn more about supporting
GPC
in your browser, app, or website.
@globalprivctrl
Sub-policy 1
https://www.denon.com/en-gb/support/privacy-policy:
www.denon.com
Verifying you are human. This may take a few seconds.
www.denon.com needs to review the security of your connection before proceeding.
Verification successful
Waiting for www.denon.com to respond...
Enable JavaScript and cookies to continue