Privacy Policy
Last updated March 2018
Please read this policy to understand what information Pico Brothers collects and how we use it. This policy concern all Pico Brothers applications and websites. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at info@picobrothers.com.
Information We Collect and How We Use it
When you use Pico Brothers Applications or Web sites, we may ask you to provide personal information, such as your e-mail address. We use this personal information to communicate with you, to inform and take contact with you. The information may also be used in order to investigate, prevent or take action regarding unauthorized use of the Services. If we use this information in a manner different than the purpose for which it was collected, then we will ask for your consent prior to such use.
We also collect anonymous, non-personal information, such as your IP address, the type of browser you use, your browser’s language, your web request and the date and time of your request. Such information does not identify you individually. Non-personal information can be used, for example, in marketing, auditing, to provide or to improve our services and also to develop new services.
We may also use "cookies" to collect information.
Information Sharing
Except as noted below, Pico Brothers does not share your personal information with third parties unless you give us your permission. We only shares personal information with third parties in the following circumstances:
• In order to provide products or services you have requested;
• We require that these parties agree to process such information based on our instructions and in compliance with this policy;
• There are other instances in which we may divulge your personal information, such as when required by law, regulation, or litigation. We may also disclose information about you if we determine that such disclosure should be made for reasons of national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public importance.
If Pico Brothers becomes involved in a merger, acquisition, or any form of sale of some or all of its assets, we will provide notice before personal information is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Pico Brothers may share with third parties certain pieces of aggregated, non-personal information, such as the number of users who searched for a particular term for example, or how many users clicked on a particular advertisement.
Other
Please note that this privacy policy may change from time to time. If we make any material changes to our policy, we will post a new policy on our site and update the "last updated" date set forth above.
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or if you have to change personal information, please feel free to contact us through this site or at info@picobrothers.com.