This Privacy Notice was last updated: June 27, 2024
HID provides this Privacy Notice to demonstrate our commitment to privacy. This Privacy Notice applies to your use of the HID Mobile Access (“Application”) on a mobile device.
You should bear in mind that your use of the Application is at the request of an HID customer (“HID Customer”). The HID Customer may also collect and use your personal data independently of us. This Privacy Notice does not apply to any personal data you provide directly to the HID Customer or information the Application shares with the HID Customer as a feature of the Application.
If an HID Customer has enabled the HID Identity Positioning service within the Application the HID Customer is obligated inform you of what data is being collected and how they are using it, collect applicable consents, and honor any rights you have as a data subject or equivalent under applicable law.
Changes to the Privacy Notice
This Privacy Notice may be updated from time to time for any reason. You are advised to consult the Privacy Notice regularly for changes via the Application. By continuing to use the Application after such notification, you are expressly acknowledging and accepting the changes.
What information does the Application obtain and how is it used?
When you install and use the Application we collect:
Technical Information about the Device and Application
Device manufacturer and model
Hardware capabilities, such as Bluetooth and NFC support
Operating system version
Identifier and version information for the app
Unique push notification identifier
Unique application identifier
Carrier
Usage Information and Analytics
Application state, events and usage statistics
Reader interaction logs (including reader identifiers and technical reader information)
Error logs
Country and city based on IP address lookups
When you install and use the Application, with HID Identity Positioning, enabled by an HID Customer, the following information is collected: product Serial Number of the reader.
The collected information is used to:
License the licensed materials or services to you and to enable us to provide you with the licensed materials and services and any associated products or services
Provide you with software updates and support
Improve and develop new products and services
Communicate with you about the services
Fulfill our legal and administrative obligations
Provision services to an HID Customer according to the applicable service agreement between HID and an HID Customer
If we need to collect additional information or access certain parts of your Device, we will first inform you and/or ask for your consent (as applicable) and the data will only be used in accordance with this Privacy Notice.
Does the Application collect precise real time location information of the device?
HID Mobile Access Application Users — NO.
Enabling Location Services in the device is voluntary. The HID Mobile Access App do not collect precise real time location information of the device. These services are used by the device to optimize the App’s ability to discover nearby readers by leveraging iBeacon/BLE. The Application accesses but does not store your device’s location service.
HID Mobile Access Application with HID Identity Positioning enabled by an HID Customer — NO.
The detail captured is the reader product serial number. The captured information is used to provide information about the relative presence within a building. The details collected would be confined to the facility of the HID customer
Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Application?
Yes. We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy notice.
We may share the data we collect about you:
as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process.
when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request
with our trusted service providers who work on our behalf – such service providers do not have an independent use of the information we disclose to them and have agreed to adhere to rules and standards substantially similar to those set forth in this Privacy Notice
if HID is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of this information, as well as any choices you may have regarding this information; or
to enable HID to address fraud or technical issues
What are my opt-out rights?
Opt-out of information collection by uninstalling the Application – You can stop collection and access of information by the Application by uninstalling the Application. You may use the standard uninstall processes available in your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network.
Managing Your Information
Requests to manage your information should be directed to the HID Customer who is controller of your data.
Children
We do not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should contact us at:
privacy@hidglobal.com
. We will delete such information from our files within a reasonable time.
Security
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our application. Please be aware that, although we endeavor to provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
USERS IN THE EUROPEAN UNION
If you’re a user in the European Union, you should know that HID is the processor of your personal information, which means that we are providing a service to an HID Customer. Under certain circumstances you have the following rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data:
Request access
to your personal data (commonly known as a “data subject access request”). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
Request correction
of the personal data that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us.
Request erasure
of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have successfully exercised your right to object to processing, where we may have processed your information unlawfully or where we are required to erase your personal data to comply with local law. Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be provided to you, if applicable, at the time of your request.
Object to processing
of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts your fundamental rights and freedoms. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights and freedoms.
Request restriction of processing
of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in the following scenarios:
if you want us to establish the data’s accuracy
where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it
where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims or
you have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it
International Transfers
HID may process personal information related to individuals in the European Union (EU) and may transfer that information from the EU through data processing agreements based on the EU Standard Contractual Clauses. We are committed to ensuring your information is protected and apply safeguards in accordance with applicable law. Data collected in the EU and European Economic Area (the “EEA”), may be stored, processed, or transferred outside of the EEA.
Complaints
If you’re based in the EU, you can file a complaint with the supervisory authority in your Member State. For example, if you’re based in Ireland, you can file a complaint with the Data Protection Commission.
Contact Us
HID Global Corporation
611 Center Ridge Drive
Austin, TX 78753
privacy@hidglobal.com
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.hidglobal.com/about/privacy:
Skip to main content
Breadcrumb
Home
About Us
HID Global Privacy Notice
HID Global Privacy Notice
This Privacy Notice was last reviewed and updated: February 1, 2025.
Additional languages:
Chinese
Dutch
French
German
Italian
Japanese
Korean
Polish
Portuguese
Spanish
Data privacy is important to HID® Global Corporation, an ASSA ABLOY group company, and its subsidiaries and affiliates (“HID Global” or “we” or “us”). This Privacy Notice describes the Personal Data that we collect about you as a visitor to HID Global’s website, or other HID Global websites that link to this Privacy Notice, how we use it, with whom we share it, and describes your rights with regard to the Personal Data we have about you.
CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
If you are a California resident, California law may provide you with additional rights regarding our use of your personal information. To learn more about your California privacy rights, visit the CCPA Privacy Notice Tab.
Privacy Notice
Data Privacy Framework Statement
Privacy Notice - California
Product Privacy Notices
Privacy Notice
HID Global collects, processes, and retains information about you when you visit our websites, which may include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exist pages, the files viewed on our site (e.g. HTML pages, graphics, etc.), operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data to analyze trends in the aggregate and administer the site.
You may choose to provide us with additional information, such as your name, email address, company information, street address, telephone number, or other information, to access protected information on our websites or so we can follow up with you after your visit. We may combine other publicly available information related to the organization from which you work for with the information that you provide to us. HID Global or HID Global service providers may observe your activities, interactions, preferences, transactional information, and other computer and connection information (such as IP address) relating to your use of our websites and our services.
If you are a licensed or other authorized user of any of our online platforms, we process your name, email address, username, password, IP address, job title, phone number, information about the company where you work, actions you have taken in the applications on the platform, such as record creation, changes, input, responses, analysis, and approvals, and tickets filed on your behalf related to our platform.
We may also use log files, cookies and similar technologies. For more information about our use of these technologies and how to control them, see our Cookies and Similar Technologies section below. We may collect and store this information and combine this information with other Personal Data you may have provided.
If you register online on one of HID Global’s websites, we may also collect and store certain information in the aggregate about your visit automatically including: 1) internet domain and IP address from which you accessed our website 2) the date and time you access our website; and 3) the pages the you visited. We may also collect general demographic and profile data from our website from time to time.
We may also obtain data from third parties, such as authorized distributors with which we offer services or engage in joint marketing activities. We protect data obtained from third parties according to the practices described in this Notice, plus any additional restrictions imposed by the source of the data.
When you download mobile applications, we automatically collect technical data and related information about the devices being used for the Services, including information on the type of device you use, operating system version, application software, peripherals and the device identifier; push ID (“UDID”).
You have choices about the data we collect. When you are asked to provide Personal Data, you may decline. But if you choose not to provide data that is necessary to provide a product or feature, you may not be able to use that product or feature.
How We Use Personal Data
HID Global uses the data we collect to operate our business and provide you the products and services we offer, which includes using data to improve our products and personalize your experiences. We also may use the data to communicate with you, for example, informing you about your account and product information, to send email communications or make phone calls for the purpose of sending you information about upcoming webinars and events, product announcements, newsletters and educational content. We will use the aggregate data that we collect internally in order to better understand and assist our customers and to help improve our website and services.
If you have a contract or other agreement in place with us, we process personal data about you in order to fulfill the following obligations to you under that contract or agreement to:
Provision your account on our platform
Authenticate you to enable you to access your account on our platform, including additional users of the solution
Provide customer service and support, and investigate issues that you raise
Communicate with you, including via email, about your use of our solutions
We process Personal Data for certain Legitimate Interests, which include some or all of the following:
where the processing enables us to enhance, modify, personalize or otherwise improve our services / communications for the benefit of our customers
to provide maintenance and support services
to identify and prevent fraud
to enhance the security of our network and information systems
to better understand how people interact with our websites
to provide postal communications which we think will be of interest to you
to determine the effectiveness of promotional campaigns and advertising.
Whenever we process data for these purposes we will ensure that we always keep your Personal Data rights in high regard and take account of these rights. You may object to this processing if you wish. EU residents may visit our GDPR Personal Data Inquiries page for further information on your rights. All others may send inquiries to
privacy@hidglobal.com
. Please bear in mind that if you object this may affect our ability to carry out tasks above for your benefit or to provide our products or features.
“Legitimate Interests” means HID Global’s interests in conducting and managing our business to enable us to give you the best service/products and the best and most secure experience.
For example, we have an interest in making sure our marketing is relevant for you, so we may process your information to send you marketing that is tailored to you and your company’s interests. It can also apply to processing that is in your interests as well. For example, we may process your information to protect you against fraud when transacting on our website, and to ensure our websites and systems are secure.
When we process your Personal Data for our Legitimate Interests, we make sure to consider and balance any potential impact on you (both positive and negative), and your rights under data protection laws. Our legitimate business interests do not automatically override your interests - we will not use your Personal Data for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent).
Reasons We Share Personal Data
We share your Personal Data with your consent or as necessary to complete any transaction or provide any product you have requested or authorized. In addition, we share Personal Data among ASSA ABLOY controlled affiliates and subsidiaries. We also share Personal Data with vendors or agents working on our behalf for the purposes described in this Notice, such as IT service providers which host, develop or offer support. Companies we've hired to assist in protecting and securing our systems and services may need access to Personal Data to provide those functions and they are not allowed to use Personal Data they receive from us for any other purpose. In such cases, these companies must abide by our data privacy and security requirements and agree to any data protection agreements as we may require.
HID Global does not sell your Personal Data to third parties. However, we may share your business contact information with our authorized distributors in order to assist you in purchasing our products or to contact you via phone or email for the purpose of marketing our products and services.
We may also disclose Personal Data as part of a corporate transaction such as a merger or sale of assets.
Disclosure Required by Law
HID Global may cooperate with law enforcement agencies in identifying users who use the website or HID Global’s products or services for illegal activities. Therefore, HID Global will respond to subpoenas, warrants, or other court orders regarding information concerning any user. HID Global will, at HID Global’s discretion, disclose information, including Personal Data, if HID Global reasonably believes that HID Global is required to do so by law, that such disclosure is necessary to protect HID Global from legal liability, or that HID Global should do so to protect the integrity of the website or the products or services.
How to Access & Control Your Personal Data
Upon request, HID Global will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your Personal Data. We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you our products and services. Additionally, we will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
EU residents may visit our
GDPR Personal Data inquiries
page for more information on how to exercise your rights or make an inquiry regarding the Personal Data we have about you. Others may send an inquiry to
privacy@hidglobal.com
.
Opt-out preferences
If you would like to opt-out of receiving sales and marketing communications from us, you may
update your communication preferences here
.
Links to Third Party Sites
Our website includes links to other websites whose privacy practices may differ from those of HID Global. If you submit Personal Data to any of those websites, your information is governed by their privacy policies. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any website you visit.
Cookies and Similar Technologies
Technologies such as: cookies, beacons, tags and scripts are used by HID Global and our affiliates. These technologies are used in analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users’ movements around the website and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies on an individual as well as aggregated basis. You can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level, but if you choose to disable cookies, it may limit your use of certain features or functions on our site(s) or service(s). Our websites follow browser do-not-track signals.
What are cookies
Cookies are small pieces of text sent by your web browser by a website you visit. A cookie file is stored in your web browser and allows the Service or a third-party to recognize you and make your next visit easier and the Service more useful to you.
Cookies can be "persistent" or "session" cookies. Persistent cookies save a file on your computer permanently. It can then be used to customize the web page as the choices and user interests. Session cookies are sent between your computer and the server to access information while you are browsing. Session cookies to not identify you personally and disappear when you turn off your browser. All of our websites use “session cookies”.
To learn more about our use of cookies and how to manage your cookie settings, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
Notice to End Users
Many HID Global products are intended for use by organizations and are administered to you by your organization. Your use of HID Global products may be subject to your organization's policies, if any. If your organization is administering your use of HID Global’s products, please direct your privacy inquiries to your administrator. HID Global is not responsible for the privacy or security practices of our customers, which may differ from those set forth in this Privacy Notice.
Data Security
Wherever Personal Data is within HID Global or on its behalf, HID Global will take reasonable steps to protect the Personal Data from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. HID Global trains employees on its Information Security Policies and guidelines and makes them available to its business partners as necessary. In addition, HID Global and its business partners enter into confidentiality agreements that require that: (i) care and precautions be taken to prevent loss, misuse, or disclosure of Personal Data and (ii) any service providers only use Personal Data to perform services on behalf of HID Global.
International Transfers
Our computer systems are currently based in the United States, so we may transfer, access, or store personal data about you outside of the European Union (the “EU”), European Economic Area (the “EEA”), Switzerland, or another country that requires legal protections for international data transfer.
Whenever we do, we ensure an adequate level of protection is provided for the information using one or more of the following approaches:
We may transfer personal information to countries that have privacy laws that have been recognized by the country from which the data are transferred as providing similar protections for the data (“adequacy”).
We may enter into written agreements, such as standard contractual clauses and other data transfer agreements, with recipients that require them to provide the same level of protection for the data.
We may seek your consent for transfers of your personal information for specific purposes.
We may rely on other transfer mechanisms approved by authorities in the country from which the data are transferred. Please contact us if you want further information on the specific mechanism used by us when transferring your personal data out of the EEA.
Data Privacy Framework
HID complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.  HID has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF.  HID has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF.  If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy notice and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern.  To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
. View our full Data Privacy Framework Statement
here.
Policy Changes
This Privacy Notice may be updated from time to time as HID Global's services change and expand. We suggest that you review the Privacy Notice periodically. In the event of a material change, we will post a change notice on our website and we may notify individuals of such changes through contact information that we have for such individuals prior to the change becoming effective. If we amend the Privacy Notice, the new Notice will apply to Personal Data previously collected by HID Global only insofar as the rights of the individual affected are not reduced.
Inquiries and complaints
If you believe HID Global maintains your personal data in one of the services discussed in this Privacy Notice, you may direct inquiries or complaints to
privacy@hidglobal.com
. HID Global will respond within 45 days. If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
. If neither HID Global nor our dispute resolution provider resolves your complaint, and you are located in the EEA, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority.
Contact Us
HID Global Corporation
611 Center Ridge Drive
Austin, TX 78753
privacy@hidglobal.com
CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
If you are a California resident, California law may provide you with additional rights regarding our use of your personal information. To learn more about your California privacy rights, visit the CCPA Privacy Notice Tab.
Data Privacy Framework Statement
Statement of Data Privacy Framework Participation
This statement outlines HID’s Notice of Certification Under the EU-US Data Privacy Framework and Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework.
Effective February 1, 2025
HID has certified certain of our services under the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (the certification can be found
here
).
Scope:
HID adheres to the principles of the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework with respect to personal data submitted by HID’s direct customers and its authorized distributors (collectively, “Customers”) where EU and Swiss customer personal data is stored or processed in our U.S. based computer systems, including our online services.
Data processed:
HID collects, processes, and retains information about you when you visit our websites, which may include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exist pages, the files viewed on our site (e.g. HTML pages, graphics, etc.), operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data to analyze trends in the aggregate and administer the site.
You may choose to provide us with additional information, such as your name, email address, company information, street address, telephone number, or other information, to access protected information on our websites or so we can follow up with you after your visit. We may combine other publicly available information related to the organization from which you work for with the information that you provide to us. HID or HID service providers may observe your activities, interactions, preferences, transactional information, and other computer and connection information (such as IP address) relating to your use of our websites and our services.
HID’s computer systems are primarily based in the United States, as such, EU customer information may be transferred to these systems in order for HID to provide the contracted service, including card personalization services and information collected via our mobile applications.
HID provides online tools that our Customers use to operate aspects of their businesses. In providing these tools, HID processes data our Customers submit to our services or instruct us to process on their behalves. While HID’s Customers decide what data to submit, it typically includes information about their employees (e.g., business contact information), purchases, and billing information.
Purposes of data processing:
HID processes data submitted by website visitors and Customers for the following purposes:
Providing HID’s products and services to our customers (to fulfill these purposes, HID may access the data to provide the services)
Correcting and addressing technical or service problems, or following instructions of the HID Customer who submitted the data, in relation to contractual requirements
Gaining a better understanding of how people interact with our websites
Improving our products and personalizing your experiences
Informing you about your account and product information
Sending email communications for the purpose of providing information about upcoming webinars and events, product announcements, newsletters and educational content
Enhancing, modifying, personalizing or otherwise improving our services and communications for the benefit of our Customers
Identifying and preventing fraud
Enhancing the security of our network, mobile applications and information systems
Inquiries and complaints:
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, HID commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information. EU and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact HID at:
privacy@hidglobal.com.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, HID commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to TRUSTe Privacy Dispute Resolution, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
for more information or to file a complaint.  The services of Truste are provided at no cost to you.
If neither HID nor our dispute resolution provider resolves your complaint, you may have the possibility to engage in binding arbitration through the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Panel.
Third parties who may receive personal data:
HID uses a limited number of third-party service providers to assist us in providing our services to customers. These third party providers perform database monitoring and other technical operations, assist with the transmission of data, and provide data storage services. These third parties may access, process, or store personal data in the course of providing their services. HID maintains contracts with these third parties restricting their access, use and disclosure of personal data in compliance with our Data Protection obligations, and HID may be liable if they fail to meet those obligations and we are responsible for the event giving rise to damage.
Your rights to access, to limit use, and to limit disclosure:
EU individuals and Swiss individuals have rights to access personal data about them, and to limit use and disclosure of their personal data. With our Data Protection certification, HID has committed to respect those rights. If you wish to request access, to limit use, or to limit disclosure, please provide the name of the HID Customer who submitted your data to our services. We will refer your request to that Customer, and will support them as needed in responding to your request.
U.S. Federal Trade Commission enforcement:
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over HID’s compliance with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF).
Compelled disclosure:
HID may be required to disclose personal information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
Liability for Onward Transfers to Third Parties:
HID shall remain liable under the Principles if its agent processes such personal information in a manner inconsistent with the Principles, unless the organization proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
Privacy Notice - California
This PRIVACY NOTICE FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS supplements the information contained in the Privacy Notice of HID and its subsidiaries (collectively, “we,” “us,” or “our”) and applies solely to visitors, users, and others who reside in the State of California (“consumers” or “you”) when you visit the HID website or provide contact information to receive HID services (collectively, our “Services”). We adopt this notice to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) and other California privacy laws.  Any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this notice.
Information We Collect
We collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or device (“personal information”). In particular, we have collected the following categories of personal information from consumers within the last twelve (12) months:
Category
Examples
Collected
A. Identifiers.
A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name
YES
B. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
A name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver's license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information. Some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories.
YES
C. Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status, genetic information (including familial genetic information).
NO
D. Commercial information.
Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
NO
E. Biometric information.
Genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological characteristics, or activity patterns used to extract a template or other identifier or identifying information, such as, fingerprints, faceprints, and voiceprints, iris or retina scans, keystroke, gait, or other physical patterns, and sleep, health, or exercise data.
NO
F. Internet or other similar network activity.
Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer's interaction with a website, application, or advertisement.
YES
G. Geolocation data.
Physical location or movements.
YES
H. Sensory data.
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
NO
I. Professional or employment-related information.
Current or past job history or performance evaluations.
NO
J. Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)).
Education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student financial information, or student disciplinary records.
NO
K. Inferences drawn from other personal information.
Profile reflecting a person's preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
NO
We obtain the categories of personal information listed above from the following categories of sources:
Directly from our customers, channel partners or their agents. For example, from information our clients provide to us related to the Services for which they engage us.
Directly from you. For example, through information collected from you when you fill out a contact us form to request information or services.
Directly and indirectly from you when using our Services or visiting our website. For example, usage details collected automatically in the course of your interaction with our platform or website.
Use of Personal Information
We may use or disclose the personal information we collect for one or more of the following business purposes:
To fulfill or meet the reason for which the information is provided. For example, to submit this information to our channel partners for the purpose of completing a sale.
To provide support services for our products, as requested by you.
To provide you with email alerts, event registrations and other notices concerning our products or Services, or events or news, that may be of interest to you.
To improve our Services to you.
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collections.
To better understand how users interact with our websites.
To determine the effectiveness of promotional campaigns
For testing, research, analysis and product development.
As necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property or safety of us, our clients or others.
To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations.
As described to you when collecting your personal information or as otherwise set forth in the CCPA.
To evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by us is among the assets transferred.
We will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice.
Sharing Personal Information
We may disclose your personal information to a third party for a business purpose. When we disclose personal information for a business purpose, we enter a contract that describes the purpose and requires the recipient to both keep that personal information confidential and not use it for any purpose except performing the contract.
In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have disclosed the following categories of personal information for a business purpose:
Category A: Identifiers.
Category B: California Customer Records personal information categories.
Category D: Commercial information.
We disclose your personal information for a business purpose to the following categories of third parties:
Our customers, channel partners or their agents for which you have engaged in a business contract.
Service providers.
Third parties to whom you or your agents authorize us to disclose your personal information in connection with our Services.
In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have not sold any personal information.
Your Rights and Choices
The CCPA provides consumers (California residents) with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights.
Access to Specific Information and Data Portability Rights
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting that personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also called a data portability request).
Deletion Request Rights
You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.
We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service providers to:
Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you.
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 seq.).
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information’s deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research’s achievement, if you previously provided informed consent.
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.
Comply with a legal obligation.
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights
To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by email at
privacy@hidglobal.com
with the subject line: CCPA.
Only you or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.
You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you.  Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request.
Response Timing and Format
We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within 45 days of its receipt.  If we require more time (up to 90 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing.  If you have an account with us, we will deliver our written response to the registered email associated with the account.  If you do not have an account with us, we will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option. Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request’s receipt.  The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your personal information that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded.  If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
Non-Discrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
Deny you use of our Services.
Provide you a different level or quality of Services.
Changes to Our Privacy Notice
We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Notice at our discretion and at any time. The date this Privacy Notice was last updated is identified at the bottom of this page. You are responsible for periodically visiting the HID website and this Privacy Notice to check for any changes.
Contact Information
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Notice, our Privacy Policy, the ways in which we collect and use your personal information, your choices and rights regarding such use, or wish to exercise your rights under California law, you may contact us via email at
privacy@hidglobal.com
.
Product Privacy Notices
HID® Approve™ Privacy Policy
HID® ArcID Mobile Application Privacy Notice
Privacy Statement for Crescendo Manager
HID® DigitalPersona One-Time Password Authentication Mobile Application Privacy Notice
HID® FARGO® Connect™ Privacy Notice
HID® Mobile Access® Application Privacy Notice
HID® NCITE® Mobile Detective Application Privacy Notice
HID® Reader Manager Application Privacy Notice
HID® StarterApp Application Privacy Notice
By clicking “Accept All”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Read more about cookies >>
Reject All
Accept All
Manage Cookies
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information about cookies
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms.    You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Performance
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site.    All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Functional
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages.    If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Marketing
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites.    They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label