Skip to content
Cezanne HR Privacy Policy
Regarding data processed and stored in the Cezanne HR service.
Note:
any reference to the GDPR in this document is intended to refer to both to EU version of the GDPR and the UK version that has been retained as UK law upon Brexit. In case of inconsistency between the two versions, references will be interpreted as being to the EU version.
We (Cezanne HR Limited) provide our service, commercially called Cezanne HR & Payroll (formerly called CezanneOnDemand) to customers that are businesses or other organisations. In processing data held in the Cezanne HR & Payroll service, Cezanne HR Limited is a Processor as defined in point 8 of art. 4 of GDPR, and each of our customers is a controller, as defined in point 7 of the same article.
The Cezanne HR & Payroll service is designed to provide the controller with the ability to manage data directly through transactions entered online, with no intermediation by the processor.
As a consequence, the controller has direct responsibility for all collection, input, alteration, retrieval, extraction, consultation, use, and deletion of personal data, while we as a processor are responsible for storing data, keeping it secure, organised and accessible to the controller.
We recognise all the principles established by the GDPR, and in particular those defined at art. 5, as binding for processing personal data, and we are committed to abide by all such principles whenever it is our responsibility to do so. Except for the principle of ‘integrity and confidentiality’, about which we make our own decisions on our own initiative, for other aspects we only act on behalf of the controller under controller’s instructions. Still, to the extent possible, we are committed to be vigilant to ensure that the instructions we receive are always respectful of the principles and of the rights of individuals.
In the context of the previous point, we don’t play a role in deciding which data are stored, why, for how long and on which basis processing takes place (e.g. consent, legitimate interest or otherwise).
When we directly (as opposed to processing a controller initiated online transaction) alter, modify or delete data from the service, we only do it on specific instructions from the controller. This can happen in the following (or similar) circumstances:
o   To perform the initial data upload,
o   To respond to customer requests submitted in writing as support tickets,
o   To address issues or errors found in the service.
We also process data automatically through software functionality as part of the service; examples of such data processing are the calculation of leave entitlements and accruals, the creation of alerts when a certification is about to expire, or the deactivation of services from employees upon their leaving date.
We implement appropriate data security measures for data protection, to ensure data confidentiality, integrity and availability, as required of the processor by the GDPR. Some of such measures involve storing data regarding the activity performed by users in the Cezanne HR & Payroll service. Specifically, we keep a log of all logins (successful or attempted) that include the user-id and the IP address from where the login takes place, and we keep an audit trail of all online transactions, with details about the user that made the update and the data that have been updated. These logs are kept for at least 12 months.
We use cookies as part of the Cezanne HR & Payroll Service. A cookie is a small piece of information sent by a web server to the user’s web browser and stored on your computer. This enables the server to collect information back from the browser. The Cezanne HR & Payroll Service uses a cookie to capture whether a user wishes their username to be remembered on the login screen. They are also used to support the login and session management process. Further information about cookies can be found at www.aboutcookies.org.
We use Microsoft Application Insights to capture anonymous data on the use of the service. This allows us to review the most frequently used pages and load times to continually improve the service. Microsoft Application Insights does not store any personal information about website visitors.
Upon termination of a contract with a specific controller, we permanently delete all data that has been entered and processed by and for that controller. The deletion takes place no later than 30 days after the contract termination.
We don’t make any use of personal data held in the Cezanne HR & Payroll service, for any purpose, other than making the data available to the controller.
We will in no circumstances provide any personal data held in the Cezanne HR & Payroll service to anyone other than the controller. The only exception would be if we receive a request by law enforcement, to which we are legally required to respond either by a law enforceable in England or by a mandatory court order or warrant valid under English law.
Any question, including subject access or other requests based on articles 15 to 22 of GDPR, should be directed to the controller, not to us. if we should receive any such request, we will disregard it, unless the controller is unequivocally identified in the request, and in that case we will pass the request to the relevant controller.
|
We use cookies
We may place these for analysis of our visitor data, to improve our website, show personalised content and to give you a great website experience. For more information about the cookies we use open the settings.
Accept and Continue
Customise