Welcome
Manage your money, order food & more!
Hello,
Privacy Policy Statement
This website is owned and/or operated by The CBORD Group, Inc. (“CBORD”). This privacy statement has been created in order to disseminate our firm commitment to the privacy of any information you provide.  The following statement discloses our information-gathering and dissemination practices of CBORD websites.  Any and all information collected at CBORD websites are kept strictly confidential and will not be sold, reused, rented, loaned, or otherwise disclosed. Any information you give to CBORD will be held with the utmost care, and will not be used in ways that you have not consented to, unless required by law. It is CBORD’s policy to secure any information collected and use it only to provide information and services directly related to our contractual agreements.
The Information We Gather
Registration Information
-- To use certain features of the CBORD websites, you may be required to register online.  The registration process requires users to give us contact information like their name, birth date, and email address.  We do not share registration information with any entities with the exception of email addresses shared with third-party business partners; in this case we will notify you before sharing your email address. The email address provided for client accounts is used to allow you to subscribe to CBORD email communications and to give CBORD the ability to deliver registration confirmation messages, password hints upon request, User Advisory Council communications, and important support and product bulletins.  Some information provided may be used to identify you once logged into the CBORD site.
Transaction Information
– If the CBORD site offers the ability to purchase goods online using a credit card, or deposit money into an account associated with a credit card, the user’s credit card number is recorded in our secure web server environment which complies with Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards (“PCI DSS”).  Users may be able to optionally save their credit card information for future use on the CBORD website.  This credit card information is also stored in our secure web server environment and complies with PCI DSS.  Whenever a user’s card number information is displayed on the CBORD website, it is masked so only the last 4 digits appear.
Advertising and Offers
– The CBORD website may display advertising or special offers from other companies.  In order to receive special offers from certain Advertisers that are identified by name, you may be asked to provide additional personally identifiable information. Information submitted in conjunction with an offer made by an Advertiser will be governed by the privacy policy of that particular Advertiser. Check their site for specifics. If you do not wish the Advertiser to receive your information, then you may simply decline to receive the special offer. You are not required to respond to any special offer.
IP Address
– CBORD websites may track your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our website.
Cookies –
CBORD websites may use "cookies" (a small data file that's stored on your hard drive) to save your session identification. We do not use cookies to retrieve personal information from your computer.  If you have your browser is set to not accept cookies, then you may not be able to use this website.
At times, some of the Advertisers on the CBORD websites set cookies when you select their advertising banner or other forms of advertising. While we use cookies as noted above, any information collected by cookies received with banner ads are collected by those Advertisers (or their third-party ad serving company or other agents) and we do not always have access to that information. The Advertiser's (and/or its third-party ad serving company's or other agent's) privacy policy will govern the use of this information, and CBORD is not responsible for the privacy practices of such third parties.
External Links
– The CBORD websites may contain links to other sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such sites. As a general rule you should always look for and review a site's privacy policy before giving out any personal information.
How We Use and Disclose Your Information
We use your information to deliver personalized services to you.  By providing your e-mail address or other personal information to us, it will be used only by us and only in response to a request by you.
We do not provide your personally identifiable information to third parties or mass marketers without your consent. Unless you consent to the disclosure of your personally identifiable information, only we and our affiliates, our technical consultants, third party auditors and other third parties who make our site available, enhance its functionality, or provide associated services and/or who deal with you in delivering content have access to this information, and we require them to agree that they are covered by this policy. Please note that we do reserve the right to transfer your personally identifiable information and other information that you have provided to us to our successors in business and purchasers of our assets.
We may also disclose aggregated data to our advertisers and other third parties to generate reports, marketing and technical research and for related business purposes, i.e., how many people saw or clicked on an ad and additionally, how many people saw or clicked on ads in different portions of our service. Where available, we may offer additional information about viewer characteristics. However, this does not include personally identifiable information about you or your online usage patterns.
CBORD is not a bank or banking enterprise and not subject to the Graham-Leach-Bliley Act. CBORD acknowledges you may be bound by the restrictions of unauthorized disclosure of student personal information under the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act, Buckley Amendment (20 USC § 1232g 1974; last amended 1998) and with respect to financial information including as credit card information, CBORD shall abide by the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (15 USC § 6801) and strictly safeguard all student financial information.  CBORD further agrees that it is being given Student Information for a limited purpose of fulfilling its duties, and CBORD shall not use this information for any other purpose.
Security
The CBORD websites have security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. We make a diligent effort to ensure that our secure server software (SSL) is the industry standard for secure commerce transactions. Our SSL encrypts all of your personal information, including credit card number, name, and address, to protect the information as it travels over the Internet. We also take contractual, administrative and physical steps to protect against unauthorized access to and disclosure of individually identifiable information. If, during their employment, CBORD employees acquire confidential or proprietary information belonging to CBORD or its users, such information will be handled in confidence and may not be disclosed to unauthorized third parties. Please note, however, that no data transmission over the Internet is 100% secure. As a result, we cannot guarantee the security of the information that you transmit via our online services.
Consent
By using CBORD websites, you consent to the collection, use, and storage of your personal and non-personal information as described above. You also authorize the export of personal information and its storage and use as specified above when you provide such information to us. Our headquarters are located in the USA in Ithaca, New York.  This policy and our legal obligations are subject to the laws of New York and the USA, regardless of the location of any user. Any claims or complaints must be filed in the USA in the State of New York.
Contact Us
If you have questions about this privacy statement or the practices of this website, please contact:
The CBORD Group, Inc.
950 Danby Road, Suite 100C
Ithaca, NY 14850
607.257.2410
getfeedback@cbord.com
Terms of Use Agreement
Your use of the Site is governed by the policies, terms, and conditions set forth below. Please read them carefully. By using this site you indicate your acceptance of, and agreement to be bound by, the terms and conditions set forth below (also referred to as this "Site Agreement"). If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use this site. This Site Agreement is in addition to any prior or subsequent terms or conditions included with any CBORD agreement. CBORD reserves the right to make changes to this site and to these terms and conditions at any time. Any such modifications will become effective upon the date they are first posted to this site.
User Conduct & Participation
The Site and its contents, including but not limited to articles, newsletters, promotional language, graphical images, interactive applications, and the user interface (the "Content") are the property and copyrighted material of CBORD, its licensors, vendors and partners. "Content" also includes any material from the Site that CBORD delivers to you through e-mail. You may display the Content and otherwise use the Site solely for your personal, noncommercial use. You may not modify, copy, distribute, forward, display, repost, reprint, sublicense, create derivative works from, transfer, link to, quote or sell any content except as expressly permitted by the copyright laws, in this Site Agreement, or in the Site's Permission Services section.
CBORD does not guarantee the accuracy, integrity or quality of Content. Under no circumstances will CBORD be liable in any way for any Content, for any errors or omissions in any Content, or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any Content.
You agree to not use the Site to:
Upload, post, email or otherwise transmit any Content that is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous, invasive of another's privacy, hateful, or racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable;
Harm minors in any way;
Impersonate any person or entity, including, but not limited to, a CBORD employee, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity;
Forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any Content transmitted through the Site;
Upload, post, email or otherwise transmit any Content that you do not have a right to transmit under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships (such as inside information, proprietary and confidential information learned or disclosed as part of employment relationships or under nondisclosure agreements);
Upload, post, email or otherwise transmit any Content that infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary rights ("Rights") of any party;
Upload, post, email or otherwise transmit any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, "junk mail," "spam," "chain letters," "pyramid schemes," or any other form of solicitation, except in those areas that are designated for such purpose;
Upload, post, email or otherwise transmit any material that contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment;
Interfere with or disrupt the Service or servers or networks connected to the Service, or disobey any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of networks connected to the Service;
Intentionally or unintentionally violate any applicable local, state, national or international law;
Harass another user;
Collect or store personal data about other users.
Take advantage of promotional offers in a manner inconsistent with fair use of such promotion as detailed in the promotion rules. In the event of such abuse, CBORD reserves the right to take action to prevent such activity.
Username, Password and Security
The registration process may require you choose a username (email address) and password. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the password and your account, and are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your password or account. You agree to (a) immediately notify CBORD of any unauthorized use of your password or account or any other breach of security, and (b) ensure that you log off from your account at the end of each session. CBORD cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with this section.
Purchase of Services
By using the Site you acknowledge and agree that CBORD and its Officers and Directors shall have no liability for any cost, damage or harm arising directly or indirectly in connection with any of the Services ordered or received through this Site or through links on this Site or from any action or inaction of any Partner.
You may have the option to purchase Services over this Site using a credit card by sending that information over the Internet. This Site uses encryption technology to protect the information from access by unauthorized third parties. However, CBORD cannot guarantee that the encryption technology will operate as intended or that a third party will not be able to access such information. If you have any concerns about sending such information over the Internet, you should use an alternative means of payment. By sending any sensitive information over the Internet in connection with your use of this Site, you agree that neither CBORD nor its Officers and Directors will have any liability if the applicable encryption technology fails to protect your information.
External Sites
This site may contain links to other sites on the Internet that are owned and operated by third party vendors and other third parties (the "External Sites"). CBORD is not responsible for the availability of, or the content located on or through, any External Site. CBORD does not endorse the content (or software) of any third party site, nor do we warrant that they will not contain viruses or otherwise impact your computer. By using the Site to search for or link to another site, you agree and understand that you may not make any claim against CBORD for any damages or losses, whatsoever, resulting from your use of the Site to obtain search results or to link to another site. In addition, should you link to any third party site you will be bound by the terms and conditions that apply on that site.
General
CBORD reserves the right to change this Site Agreement at any time by revising the terms and conditions herein. You are responsible for regularly reviewing these terms and conditions and your use of the Site following any such change, constitutes your acceptance of such changes.
CBORD reserves the right to change the Site at any time at its sole discretion without notice to users. CBORD may deny access to the Site to anyone at any time.
This Site Agreement shall include any additional terms, conditions, notices, policies or disclaimers provided by CBORD, its licensors, vendors or partners in specific areas of the Site. However, in the event of a conflict between such terms and this Site Agreement, the terms of this Site Agreement shall control.
Disclaimers
THE MATERIALS AND SERVICES AT THIS SITE ARE PROVIDED AS IS WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY.
ANY RIGHTS NOT EXPRESSLY GRANTED HEREIN ARE RESERVED
Choose a Stored Address
Or
Add a New Address
Off Campus
On Campus
State
Choose
Alabama
Alaska
Alberta
American Somoa
Arizona
Arkansas
British Columbia
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Manitoba
Marshall Islands
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Brunswick
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
Newfoundland and Labrador
North Carolina
North Dakota
Northern Mariana Islands
Northwest Territories
Nova Scotia
Nunavut
Ohio
Oklahoma
Ontario
Oregon
Palau
Pennsylvania
Prince Edward Island
Puerto Rico
Quebec
Rhode Island
Saskatchewan
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
Yukon