chaoticbox.com
/ privacy policy /
Privacy Policy
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to understand how and when Chaotic Box collects personal information and how that information is used. This Privacy Policy is subject to change, please revisit it regularly.
Chaotic Box Apps & Games
Chaotic Box Apps and Games ("Apps" or "Games") are currently available for iOS, iPadOS and/or tvOS. If you are under 13 years of age or a minor in your country of residence, please ask a parent or legal guardian for permission to access the Apps after your legal guardian has reviewed this Privacy Policy.
Chaotic Box does not directly collect user information or directly implement analytics or other behaviour tracking systems. Device operating system features and/or services ("Third-Party" services) used by or integrated into the Apps may request or collect user information as required to provide those features and/or services. Chaotic Box may use that information as required on the local device to provide or fulfill the Third-Party service. Chaotic Box does not collect or store information gathered by Third-Party services for its own use.
Chaotic Box has taken reasonable steps to ensure Third-Party providers comply with the terms of this Privacy Policy and any applicable laws or regulations. However, Chaotic Box does not have access to or control the Third-Parties' technologies. Questions about Third-Parties' privacy practices and policies should be directed to each Third-Party as further identified in this Privacy Policy.
Made For Kids
Apps specifically labelled as "Made For Kids" do not collect user data and do not contain any third-party (or first-party) logins, advertising, or analytics.
Third-Party Services
Apps may integrate services built into operating systems such as Apple's Game Center and/or iCloud. Your use of these features is subject to Apple's terms of use and privacy policies detailed in the following link:
https://www.apple.com/legal/internet-services/itunes/ww/index.html
Apps may contain optional "sharing" functionality implemented via standard operating system provided mechanisms. Sharing is never required, and the specific Third-Party apps or services available for sharing (or other actions) depends on each user's device configuration. Content that is shared, copied, or otherwise accessed through any Third-Party apps or services available via system-wide sharing or action extensions is not governed by this Privacy Policy. Your use of the aforementioned Third-Party apps or services is subject to the terms of use and privacy policies of each specific Third-Party app or service.
Third-Party Advertising
Apps made available free of charge, and not specifically labelled as "Made For Kids", may contain advertisements served by Google Mobile Ads and/or Unity Ads. Apps that serve ads are not intended for use by children under the age of 13. Apps that serve ads are configured to use Apple's App Tracking Transparency framework and respect each user's tracking preferences. Visit the links below for details on Google and Unity policies and terms of use:
https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads
https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy
Chaotic Box Websites
The chaoticbox.com and cbox.me websites do not collect user data and do not store or access web browser cookies. Basic technical information including but not limited to browser type, device type, operating system, and IP addresses may be logged by Chaotic Box's website hosting partners to monitor website performance and detect errors or malicious behaviour. These raw server access logs are archived daily and deleted after 30 days. This policy extends to all subdomains hosted under the chaoticbox.com and cbox.me domain names.
Consent & Contact Information
By using Chaotic Box Apps or websites, you consent to this Privacy Policy. If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy please email
privacy@chaoticbox.com
.
Last updated: February 13, 2023.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy:
Legal Information
Privacy Policy Hub
Privacy Policy Hub
Developer Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs our information practices for our Developer Services, which includes any websites, where a link to this Policy is provided. Developer Services means products and services intended for a party that develops and/or distributes a game or other app made with and/or using Unity Services.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Developer Privacy Policy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Developer Privacy Policy
. They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Customers should understand that Unity does not provide legal advice, therefore the information on this page is not a substitute for seeking your own legal counsel to determine the legal requirements of your business and processes, and how to address them.
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy will provide you with information on how Unity Technologies will collect, use, store, share or otherwise handle your Personal Information that we are responsible for and collect or receive through your use of applications which are owned by third parties but utilize Unity’s technology.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Game Player and App User Privacy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
.They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Unity Educational Products for Schools Privacy Notice
This sets forth Unity’s policies and procedures regarding the Unity software products in schools.
Privacy Supplement Statement for Unity MARS Companion App
This sets forth special privacy terms regarding use of the Unity MARS Companion App.
Unity Data Processing Addendum (“DPA”)
This Data Processing Addendum (this “DPA”) is incorporated into and forms an integral part of the Unity Terms of Service. This agreement determines the rights and obligations of each party when processing personal information.
DPA Amendment for EU, UK, and Swiss SCCs
In 2021, the European Commission and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commission issued new Standard Contractual Clauses ("2021 SCCs"). Additionally, in 2022, the UK Parliament approved the UK International Data Transfer Addendum to the EU SCCs (“UK Addendum”). The 2021 SCCs and UK Addendum replace the Standard Contractual Clauses enacted in 2010 (“2010 SCCs”). This is a pre-signed copy of this document which you may download, execute on your side, and return to DPA@unity3d.com.
Technical and Organisational Measures including Technical and Organisational Measure to ensure the Security of the Data
Technical and Organisational Measures (TOMs) are strategic safeguards designed to protect data security and ensure adherence to data protection regulations. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum.
Sub-Processors
Sub-processors are third-party companies that assist Unity by handling personal data on Unity's behalf. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum
.
GENERATIVE AI SUPPLEMENTAL PRIVACY NOTICE
This notice explains Unity's processing activities with respect to Personal Information collected through users of Generative AI Tools