Privacy Policy
Contemplative Outreach is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. Contemplative Outreach collects information from our visitors at several different points on our website.
A statistics program logs IP addresses (a unique number assigned to every computer on the Internet) in order to improve security, analyze trends and administer the site. We track your movement within the site, the pages from which you were referred, access times and browser types. We use this information in aggregate and do not link it to you personally.
Registration
In order to receive communications and/or order products from this website, visitors must first complete the registration form. During registration a visitor is required to give their contact information (such as name and email address). This information is used to contact the visitor about the services for which they have expressed interest.
Order
We request information from visitors when ordering products. Here a visitor must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill customer orders. If we have trouble processing an order, this contact information is used to get in touch with the customer.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the visitor’s hard drive containing information about the visitor. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site. Once a visitor closes their browser, the cookie simply terminates. For instance, by setting a cookie on our site, the visitor would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. If a visitor rejects the cookies, they may still use our site. The only drawback to this is that the visitor will be limited in some areas of our site.
Sharing
We use an outside shipping company to ship orders, and a credit card processing company to bill customers for goods and services. These companies do not retain share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.
These parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services.
Mobile App
On our Centering Prayer app for Android devices, we will request “read phone state” permissions to use to mute the phone if you are meditating and an incoming call is received.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Contemplative Outreach, Ltd. is not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites. We encourage our visitors to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this web site.
Newsletter
If a visitor wishes to subscribe to our newsletter, we ask for contact information such as name and email address.
Surveys
From time to time our site may request information from visitors via surveys. Participation in these surveys is completely voluntary and the visitor therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code). Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site or a specific Contemplative Outreach, Ltd program or service.
Security
This website takes every precaution to protect our visitors’ information. When visitors submit sensitive information via the website, this information is protected both online and off-line. When our registration/order form asks visitors to enter sensitive information (such as credit card number), that information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption software in the industry. We reveal only the last five digits of your credit card numbers when confirming an order. Of course, we transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing.
It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer and close the browser window.
Correction/Updating Personal Information
If a visitor’s personally identifiable information changes (such as your zip code), or if a visitor no longer desires our service, we will endeavor to provide a way to correct, update or remove that visitor’s personal data provided to us. This can be done by updating your profile information from the website, or by emailing us at
office@coutreach.org
.