Privacy
Read about what we do to respect and protect your privacy.
English
French
A word about your privacy
We respect your privacy. Not only do we respect it, but we also protect it. The private information you share with us stays with us. We do, however, provide or collect your information as is required by legislation to those to whom you have authorized us to release information. They include the financial institutions you've asked us to deal with, and specialized service providers (like the people who print our account statements). All of the above must meet our rigorous privacy standards. We've provided this content for your interest and information. This policy does have a legal tone that reflects both the importance of the issue and it is consistent with recent federal legislation. If you want more information regarding our privacy principles, please read on.
To request access to, or correction of, your personal information, or to make other inquiries regarding your personal information, you may write our Global Privacy Officer at
theprivacyofficer@tangerine.ca
or by mail to: Global Privacy Officer, 3389 Steeles Ave E, Toronto, Ontario ON M2H 0A1.
Privacy Code
Tangerine Bank (“Tangerine”) is committed to keeping customers' personal information accurate, confidential, secure and private. The
Tangerine Privacy Code
is an embodiment of this commitment.
Digital Privacy and Interest-Based Advertising
Énoncé des principes sur la vie privée
Nous avons un immense respect de votre vie privée. Et non seulement nous la respectons, mais nous tenons à la protéger. Les renseignements confidentiels que vous partagez avec nous, restent avec nous. Nous requérons et fournissons toutefois l'information à laquelle nous sommes tenus par la loi de fournir à ceux à qui vous nous avez permis de la fournir. Cela inclut les institutions financières avec lesquelles vous nous avez demandé de transiger et les fournisseurs de services spécialisés tels ceux qui impriment nos relevés de comptes. Mais tout cela doit répondre à nos critères rigoureux de confidentialité. Suite à votre demande, nous vous avons fait parvenir cet énoncé. Le ton légal est utilisé pour souligner l'importance du sujet et pour se conforme aux les dernières législations fédérales. Pour obtenir plus de renseignements concernant nos principes sur le respect de la vie privée, nous vous encourageons à continuer la lecture des présentes. Pour demander l’accès à vos renseignements personnels ou pour les corriger ou pour présenter une autre demande au sujet de vos renseignements personnels, vous pouvez écrire à notre responsable mondial de la protection de la vie privée à
theprivacyofficer@tangerine.ca
ou faire parvenir votre demande par la poste au responsable mondial de la protection de la vie privée, 3389 av. Steeles Est, Toronto (Ontario) M2H 0A1.
Politique de confidentialité
La Banque Tangerine (« Tangerine ») est engagée à garder l'information personnelle de ses clients à jour, confidentielle, sécurisée et privée.
La Politique de confidentialité de Tangerine
représente cet engagement.
Confidentialité numérique et Publicité ciblée par centres d’intérêt
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.tangerine.ca/en/privacy/privacy-code:
Privacy Code
English
French
A word about your privacy
We respect your privacy. Not only do we respect it, but we also protect it. We only share your personal information in circumstances that we will describe in this Code and that align with our privacy principles. We have provided this document to explain our privacy principles and procedures. This Code reflects both the importance of the issue and the legal and regulatory requirements for privacy protection. If you want more information regarding our privacy principles and procedures, please read on.
To request access to, or correction of, your personal information, or to make other inquiries regarding your personal information, you may write our Global Privacy Officer at
theprivacyofficer@tangerine.ca
or by mail to:
Global Privacy Officer,
3389 Steeles Ave E,
Toronto, Ontario
M2H 0A1.
Introduction
Tangerine Bank (“Tangerine” or “we”) is committed to keeping personal information of our Clients and prospective Clients (“you” or “your” personal information) accurate, confidential, and secure. The Tangerine Privacy Code reflects this commitment.
This Privacy Code is based on the
Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act
(PIPEDA). It describes how Tangerine complies with the principles of PIPEDA. A copy of PIPEDA is available at
priv.gc.ca
.
The scope of this Privacy Code
This Privacy Code describes the principles Tangerine will use to protect the personal information in its possession or control. This Privacy Code does not apply to information about business Clients who carry on business as corporations, partnerships or other forms of association. We do, however, protect the confidentiality of such information in accordance with the law and our policies. This Privacy Code applies to any personal information that we collect about individual owners of sole proprietorships or personal information about officers, directors, employees or partners of a business Client.
Changes to this Privacy Code
In order to ensure that this Privacy Code is kept up-to-date, we will change this Privacy Code from time to time. Notice of any significant changes to the Privacy Code may be distributed by email, through Tangerine statements, letters, posted on the Tangerine website, through your online Inbox or any other electronic method used by Tangerine to communicate with you.
EXPLANATION OF TERMS USED IN THIS PRIVACY CODE
Associates
The Client services representatives at Tangerine who will address any questions and concerns about a Tangerine product or service. Associates may be reached by telephone at
1-888-826-4374
or email at
info@tangerine.ca
.
Personal information
“Personal information” generally means any information that can be used, either alone or in combination with other information, to identify an individual. This includes information such as your name, mailing address, email address, telephone number, or any other contact details. It may also include other types of more technical information, but only when this information can identify you as an individual, such as your IP address, the device you use to access our website or app and details on your use of our website or app. Information that is anonymized and can’t be associated with an identifiable individual is not considered to be personal information.
Privacy Office
The department at Tangerine that is responsible for the protection of your personal information. The Global Privacy Officer may be contacted by mail or email at:
GLOBAL PRIVACY OFFICER
Tangerine
3389 Steeles Ave E
Toronto, Ontario
M2H 0A1
theprivacyofficer@tangerine.ca
Tangerine
“Tangerine” is the operating name of Tangerine Bank. Tangerine is a wholly owned subsidiary of The Bank of Nova Scotia (“Scotiabank”).
SECTION 1
Principle – Tangerine’s accountability
We are accountable for all personal information in our possession or control, including any personal information transferred to third parties for processing. We have established procedures to comply with this Privacy Code and have designated one or more persons to be accountable for compliance.
Our Global Privacy Officer is responsible for protecting the privacy of our Clients’ personal information and our compliance with this Privacy Code.
We are also accountable for personal information that has been transferred to a third party for processing (for example, cheque clearing services). Our policies for safeguarding personal information transferred to third parties are set out in
Section 7.4
of this Privacy Code.
To ensure compliance with the principles of this Privacy Code, we:
have established procedures to protect personal information;
have established procedures to receive and respond to questions and complaints;
published this Privacy Code; and
have trained our staff to understand and follow our privacy procedures.
We also oversee compliance with this Privacy Code through regular audits and other compliance procedures. Senior management reports to a committee of Tangerine’s Board of Directors regarding compliance with this Privacy Code.
SECTION 2
Principle – Identifying the purposes of collecting personal information
We will identify the purposes of collecting personal information.
We take care to explain purposes which are not as obvious as others. While the purposes for collecting a name or address may be obvious and do not need to be explained, the purposes for collecting other information may not be as self-evident.
We will clearly identify the purpose for which we are collecting your personal information either through writing, verbally when we are speaking with you or through any other means we use to communicate with you. There are some cases where we are not required to obtain your consent (See
Section 3
and
Section 5.1
for details).
You can ask for information about the purposes for which we collect personal information when you phone us or write to our Global Privacy Officer.
In addition to any purposes identified to you before or at the time of collection, we will collect personal information (which may include credit, employment and other financially related information) for the following purposes:
to help identify you;
to determine your suitability or eligibility for our products or services;
to set up and manage Tangerine’s products and services;
to offer, set up and manage products and services, including those of our affiliates or trusted business partners;
to provide ongoing service; and
to meet legal and regulatory requirements, such as requirements under the
Income Tax Act
(Canada) and credit reporting requirements.
Examples of additional purposes for which we may collect, disclose or use your personal information:
a
. references are used to verify information on an application;
b
. your date of birth and other identifying information may be collected and used to verify your identity, and to protect you and Tangerine from error or fraud. We may also collect and use personal information obtained from credit reporting agencies and other financial institutions in order to help verify your identity when you are a new Client;
c
. a Social Insurance Number (SIN) is collected because the
Income Tax Act
(Canada) and other national or international regulations related to the taxing of nationals require it for income tax reporting. In addition, a SIN may be used to match credit bureau information or protect you and Tangerine from reporting errors or fraud. Providing your SIN for these identity verification purposes is optional. To withdraw your consent for the use of your SIN for identity verification purposes, you may contact us as set out below; see
Section 3.5
and
Section 3.6
;
d
. personal information is exchanged with credit reporting agencies, credit insurers (including health information), and other financial institutions, to maintain the integrity of the credit-granting process and to determine eligibility for financial products and services including creditor insurance products. The credit reporting agencies that provide your credit information to us are Equifax Canada Inc. (Equifax.ca) and TransUnion Canada Inc. (transunion.ca). You can contact them to access, rectify or obtain a copy of your credit report;
e
. personal information, including transaction details for any product or service offered by Tangerine, is used by us to determine your eligibility for products and services or to identify products or services that may be of interest to you, and we will use your contact and other information to notify you of such products including by website, mail (including statement inserts), email, phone, SMS text messages, our Mobile Banking app or any other electronic method offered by Tangerine and used by you. If you do not wish to receive marketing communications, you can opt out as described in
Section 3.6
;
f.
when you use our Mobile Banking app, we may ask you for certain images, including of:
·
Your identification document(s) and a “selfie” to validate identity and prevent fraud as described in our
Digital ID Verification Terms
·
Other documents to validate identity and prevent fraud
·
The front and back of cheques to deposit cheques
g
. subject to
Section 7.4
, personal information may be disclosed to investors or potential investors, lenders and government guarantors in order for us to process, fund and securitize your mortgage;
h
. personal information may be collected, used and disclosed to investigate specific transactions or patterns of transactions for the purpose of detecting unauthorized, fraudulent or other illegal activities;
i
. personal information may be collected and used to ensure that your instructions can be properly verified and to prevent errors;
j
. personal information may be collected, used and disclosed to investigate your complaints;
k
. should you open an Account to be operated on behalf of a third party, personal information of that third party will be collected from you in accordance with Anti-Money Laundering legislation;
l
. we may share personal information with members of the Scotiabank group of companies and other service providers who provide operational, administrative and support services on our behalf, to meet legal and regulatory obligations, for fraud prevention purposes, and to perform analytics;
m
. members of the Scotiabank group of companies and our service providers may be located outside of your province of residence or outside of Canada, and your personal information may be accessed or processed in the United States or other jurisdictions. For a list of Scotiabank’s principal affiliates and subsidiaries enterprise-wide, please refer to the most recent Annual Report.
n
. we may share your personal information with other members of the Scotiabank group of companies and our service providers so that they may contact you for the purposes of marketing, including telemarketing, or to help you manage your credit responsibly. You can withdraw your consent to the disclosure of your personal information to other Scotiabank companies for marketing at any time; see
Section 3.5
and
Section 3.6
;
o
. personal information may be collected, used and disclosed for the purpose of legal or regulatory requirements;
p
. personal information may be collected, used and disclosed if you participate in a contest, survey or promotion to administer your participation in the contest or promotion and as otherwise described to you when you enter. Information obtained through our surveys is used in an aggregated form, unless you provide us with your consent. We use this information to help us understand our Clients and to improve our products and services;
q
. personal information about a joint Account and any transactions on that Account may be disclosed to any Account holder; and
r
. personal information may be disclosed to a representative (such as a legal guardian, Power of Attorney, estate representative or lawyer) where reasonably necessary to administer the estate.
s.
The way we analyze your personal information may involve automated decisions. This involves processing your personal information using software that can evaluate your personal circumstances and other factors to address risks or outcomes. We may use this method to make decisions about you relating to credit checks, identity and address checks, monitoring your Account(s) for fraud or other financial crime, or for other reasons that we’ll disclose to you. We may use automated decision making if it’s necessary for us to provide you with a particular product (for example, we may use it to decide on the types of services that are suitable for you), to prevent fraud or financial crime, or if it’s reasonable to ensure that we’re treating our Clients fairly.
t.
Tangerine is present on social media platforms, such as Facebook, Instagram, and X (Twitter). When you interact with our social media accounts, for example, if you “like” our page or make comments, we may collect certain information about you, such as any information you may provide in the comments you publish on our account page and the direct messages you send us. The information we collect depends on what these social media platforms share with us based on the privacy settings you have selected. We suggest you consult the privacy policies of these social media platforms to learn more.
SECTION 3
Principle – Obtaining consent
We will collect, use or disclose personal information without your consent only in limited circumstances as permitted by law.
Subject to certain legal, regulatory and contractual obligations and reasonable notice, an individual can refuse or withdraw their consent to the collection, use or disclosure of personal information about them at any time. In certain instances, that means we may not be able to offer you certain products and services.
Generally, we will seek consent to use and disclose personal information at the time of collection. In some circumstances, we may identify a new purpose and seek consent to use and disclose personal information after it has been collected.
We will explain to you in plain language how personal information will be used or disclosed before requesting your consent.
Consent to the collection, use and disclosure of personal information can be expressed, implied, or given through your authorized representative.
You can express consent verbally, such as when information is collected over the telephone, in writing, such as when completing and signing an application, or electronically, such as when applying online.
Your consent can be implied, for example, by using a Tangerine product or service.
You can also give consent through an authorized representative, such as a legal guardian or a person with a Power of Attorney. This may be necessary, for example, when we cannot obtain express consent from a minor, or an individual who is seriously ill.
We may collect, use or disclose personal information without your knowledge and consent only in limited circumstances as permitted by law. For example:
We may collect, use and disclose personal information without your knowledge or consent if it is clearly in your best interest to do so and consent cannot be sought in a timely manner. An example of such a circumstance is when an individual is seriously ill.
Tangerine may collect, use and disclose personal information without your knowledge or consent in accordance with law or upon the lawful request of a government institution or part of a government institution. An example would be when a government institution lawfully requests the information for the enforcement of federal or provincial Canadian law or laws of a foreign jurisdiction.
Y
ou can refuse to consent to our collection, use or disclosure of personal information, or you may withdraw your consent to our further collection, use or disclosure of your personal information at any time by giving us reasonable notice, subject to limited exceptions. This includes withdrawing your consent for the use of your SIN for identity verification purposes.
We will inform you of the consequences of refusing or withdrawing consent. Refusing or withdrawing consent for Tangerine to collect, use or disclose personal information could mean that we cannot provide you with a product and/or service. For example, if you do not allow us to obtain a credit report, we may not be able to lend money to you.
We may have legal, regulatory or contractual obligations to collect, use or disclose certain of your personal information, in which case you may not withdraw your consent. For example, during the term of a loan, you may not withdraw your consent to our ongoing collection, use or disclosure of your personal information in connection with the loan you have with us or have guaranteed.
We will not unreasonably withhold products, services or information from individuals who refuse to give consent or who withdraw consent.
Tangerine is required by law to collect certain types of personal information in order to verify your identity. If you do not allow us to collect and use this information, or if you later attempt to withdraw your consent, we may not be able to open or maintain an Account for you.
Withdrawal of consent is not permitted in relation to a credit product where we must collect and report information after credit has been granted. This is to maintain the integrity of the credit reporting system.
We will act on your instructions as quickly as possible but there may be certain uses of your information that we may not be able to stop immediately.
You can opt out and withdraw consent.
If you wish to withdraw your consent or update your marketing communication preferences, contact us toll-free at
1-888-826-4374
.
To opt out of email communications, click on the “unsubscribe” link included in each of our communications.
To opt out of receiving SMS text messages, respond to any message by texting “STOP”.
To opt out of the sharing of your personal information with trusted partners, contact us using the contact information set out above.
To opt out of direct mail and phone marketing communications, contact us using the contact information set out above.
SECTION 4
Principle – Limits on the collection of personal information
Tangerine limits the amount and type of personal information it collects. We will collect personal information only for purposes that have been already identified to you or as permitted by law.
We will only collect the amount and type of information needed for the purposes documented by us and identified to you.
We will collect personal information about you primarily from you. Except as permitted by law, Tangerine will only collect personal information from external sources if you have consented to such collection (for example, a Refer-a-Friend Program).
SECTION 5
Principle – Limits on using, disclosing and keeping personal information
We will use or disclose personal information only for the reasons it was collected, unless consent is given to use or disclose it for another purpose. Under certain exceptional circumstances, we may have a legal duty or right to disclose personal information without your knowledge or consent.
We will keep personal information only as long as necessary for the identified purposes.
We may disclose personal information without consent when required or permitted by law. Examples of such disclosure include:
subpoenas, search warrants and other court and government orders;
debt collection or demands from other parties who have a legal right to personal information; and
disclosure of personal information to a lawyer (or, in Quebec, a notary or an advocate) who represents Tangerine to protect Tangerine’s interests.
In any of the circumstances referred to above, we will protect your interests by making sure that:
orders or demands appear to comply with the laws under which they were issued;
when permitted by law, we may notify you that an order or demand has been received.
We will collect health records only for specific purposes explained to you, such as establishing the effective date of a Power of Attorney or for creditor insurance purposes, as insurance providers require this personal information to assess insurance risk and to establish and administer the insurance coverage.
In the event we provide personal information to a third party service provider for processing located in a foreign jurisdiction, we will be bound by the laws and regulations of that jurisdiction and may disclose personal information in accordance with those laws and regulations.
We will destroy, erase or make anonymous any personal information no longer needed for its identified purposes or for legal requirements, in accordance with our records retention policies.
When you fill out forms and applications online or in our Mobile Banking app, we may save your progress as a draft for up to 30 days. Where possible, this means that if you can’t complete the form or need to switch devices, you don’t need to start over the next time you open the form. After that period, the information you entered will be deleted.
We may share information in accordance with your requests or as you otherwise consent. In some cases, your consent may be “implied”, meaning that your agreement is assumed based on your action or inaction at the point of processing your personal data. You may withdraw your consent to our collection, use or disclosure of your personal information as outlined in Section 3.5 and 3.6 above.
SECTION 6
Principle – Keeping personal information accurate
We will keep the personal information in our possession or control accurate and complete based on the most recent information available to us. From time to time, Tangerine may contact you to ask you to confirm your contact information and your marketing communication preferences.
You may challenge the accuracy and completeness of your personal information and have it amended as appropriate.
We will make reasonable efforts to minimize the possibility of using inaccurate, incomplete or outdated personal information to make a decision about you.
We will make reasonable efforts to keep personal information in our possession and control accurate and current if the information is used on an ongoing basis.
We will rely on you to keep your personal information accurate, complete and current. If you demonstrate to us that personal information relating to you is inaccurate, incomplete, or out of date, we will revise or delete the personal information. If necessary, we will disclose the revised personal information to any third parties to whom we had disclosed wrong or outdated information in order to permit them to revise their records.
If we do not agree to revise the personal information as requested by you, you may challenge our decision. We will make a record of this challenge, and, if necessary, disclose the challenge by you to any third parties to whom we have disclosed the personal information.
SECTION 7
Principle – Safeguarding personal information
We will protect personal information with safeguards appropriate to the sensitivity of the information.
1. We will safeguard personal information in our possession or control from loss or theft and from unauthorized access, disclosure, duplication, use or modification.
2. The safeguards employed by Tangerine to protect personal information will vary depending on the sensitivity, amount, distribution, format and storage of the personal information. We store most of your information electronically.
3. We will safeguard personal information in our possession or control through security measures.
For example:
physical security, such as secure locks on filing cabinets and restricted access to offices;
organizational security, such as controlled entry in data centres and limited access to relevant information; and
electronic security, such as passwords, personal identification numbers and encryption.
4.
We may transfer personal information to third parties for processing. We will require these third parties to safeguard all personal information in a way that is consistent with our principles and as required by law. When we contract with third parties, they are given only the information necessary to perform the services as set out in the contract. The third parties are prohibited from storing, analyzing or using the personal information transferred by Tangerine for any other purpose. The third parties are required to protect personal information transferred by Tangerine in a manner that is consistent with our privacy principles.
5. We will use care when disposing of or destroying personal information in order to prevent unauthorized access to the information.
SECTION 8
Principle – Making information about policies and procedures available to you
We will be open about the procedures used to manage personal information. Individuals will have access to information about these procedures through Tangerine’s Privacy Code, by contacting our Associates or by writing to the Global Privacy Officer. The information will be available in a format that is easy to understand.
We will make this Privacy Code available to the public.
An electronic version of this Privacy Code is available on Tangerine’s website at
tangerine.ca
or a copy can be requested by calling one of our Associates.
Information about this Privacy Code will be available in a format that is easy to understand.
The contact information of the Associates and the Global Privacy Officer are provided at the beginning of this document in the “Explanation of Terms” section, so you can inquire about Tangerine’s personal information practices.
We may make information about our procedures available in a variety of ways, depending on the nature of the services you are using and the sensitivity of the personal information.
We make information available by mail, or email, by a toll-free telephone number or provide online access.
Policies & procedures regarding personal information
We have established and implemented governance policies and procedures approved by the Global Privacy Officer to ensure the protection of personal information. These documents provide a framework for the retention and destruction of the information, define the roles and responsibilities of personnel, and provide a process for responding to inquiries regarding the protection of the information. Here is a list of the policies and procedures:
a
.
Privacy Risk Management Framework
- Provides an overview of the key governance components for the oversight and management of Privacy Risk. Serves as an overarching framework for material elements of Privacy Risk management activities and is a source document to which all other Privacy Risk policies and procedures are aligned.
b
.
Privacy Risk Management Policy
- Provides a description of the general policies and principles applicable to Privacy Risk Management. It is part of the effective management and mitigation of Privacy Risk.
c
.
Roles and Responsibilities Matrix of the Privacy Risk Management Program
- This tool identifies roles and responsibilities associated with tasks.
d
.
Access to Personal Information Procedures
– Sets out the framework for handling access requests and requests to amend personal information pursuant to applicable laws. The Procedures are part of the Privacy Risk Management Program.
e
.
Privacy Case Management Tool Governance Procedures
– A privacy case management tool is a system used to track privacy-related incidents in a centralized location and to report that data to the relevant personnel. The governance procedures outline the structure and process for decision-making, accountability and control relating to the relevant privacy-related incidents tracked by the tool.
f
.
Guidelines for Use of PII in Digital Initiatives
– Provides an overview of the privacy implications that must be considered when devising a digital initiative involving personal information. These Guidelines assist employees to distinguish between permissible and impermissible uses of personal information.
g
.
Incident & Breach Management Procedures
– Provides steps for handling Privacy Concerns that impact Tangerine and its Clients, employees or other individuals.
h
.
Privacy Impact Assessment Procedures
– Outlines the processes involved to complete a Privacy Impact Assessment. These Procedures are part of Tangerine’s Privacy Risk Management Program.
i
.
Employee Privacy Policy
– Sets out how Tangerine collects, uses, discloses and otherwise manages personal information of its employees while administering and managing the employment relationship.
j
.
Enterprise Records Management Policy
– Establishes foundational principles applied across Tangerine to facilitate the creation, retrieval, use, maintenance, retention and disposition of records in a manner consistent with Tangerine’s business priorities and applicable legal and regulatory requirements.
SECTION 9
Principle – Access to personal information
When you request it, Tangerine will advise what personal information we have in our possession or control about you, what it is being used for and to whom it has been disclosed.
In certain exceptional situations, we may not be able to give individuals access to all of the personal information about them.
You have the right to know, on request, what personal information we have in our possession or control about you, a right to access that personal information and to know to which third parties we have disclosed that information, subject to legal and regulatory exceptions. Individuals may direct their requests by telephone to our Associates or, in writing, to the Global Privacy Officer.
We have established procedures for responding to requests for access to personal information. In the unlikely event that we determine that there will be a cost to the individual in granting such access, we shall inform the individual of the reasonable costs permitted by law prior to granting such access.
To process your request, we may ask you for information to validate your identity and confirm the scope of your request, such as your branch and Account Number, and clarification on the specific information or time period you are requesting.
If you have a sensory disability, you may request that your personal information be made available in an alternative format.
If we are prohibited from providing a request for access to personal information, we will advise of the reason for the refusal. An appeal of that decision can then be made to the Office of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada.
We may not be able to provide you with access to your personal information in certain circumstances, such as where your request includes personal information about a third party that cannot be removed, or when the information you are requesting is protected by legal privilege.
Tangerine may charge you a nominal access fee depending on the nature of your request. We will advise you of the fee, if any, prior to proceeding with your request.
SECTION 10
Principle – Handling complaints and questions
Individuals may challenge Tangerine’s compliance with this Privacy Code. We have policies and procedures to receive, investigate, and respond to individuals’ complaints and questions relating to privacy.
1. Individuals are advised to direct their complaints and questions by telephone to the Associates or in writing to the Global Privacy Officer.
2. We will investigate all complaints. If we find a complaint to be justified, then we will attempt to resolve it.
3. If you have an inquiry about Tangerine’s privacy practices or how we and our service providers treat your personal information, please contact an Associate by calling us toll-free at
1-866-677-0546
. If we are not able to resolve your concern to your satisfaction, you can contact the Global Privacy Officer:
GLOBAL PRIVACY OFFICER
Tangerine
3389 Steeles Ave E
Toronto, Ontario M2H 0A1
theprivacyofficer@tangerine.ca
4. Tangerine has policies and procedures to receive, investigate, and respond to your privacy complaints and questions. We will investigate all complaints we receive, and if we find a complaint justified, we will try to resolve it. You can find more details on our complaints process at
tangerine.ca/en/legal/complaints-process.
5.If you are not satisfied, you may file a complaint with the Office of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada:
Office of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada
30, Victoria Street
Gatineau, Quebec K1A 1H3
Toll-free:
1-800-282-1376
Phone:
(819) 994-5444
TTY:
(819) 994-6591
priv.gc.ca
SECTION 11
Language (Quebec residents only /Résidents du Québec seulement):
You acknowledge that the French and English versions of this Agreement were remitted to you. You expressly request and agree to be bound exclusively by the English version of this Agreement and that all related documents, including any notices, be drafted in English only.
Vous reconnaissez que les versions françaises et anglaises de cette convention vous ont été remises. Vous demandez expressément et acceptez d’être lié exclusivement par la version anglaise de cette convention et que tous les documents qui s’y rattachent, y compris les avis, soient rédigés en anglais seulement.
À propos de vos renseignements personnels
Nous respectons votre vie privée. En fait, non seulement nous la respectons, mais nous la protégeons. Nous partageons vos renseignements personnels uniquement dans les circonstances que nous décrivons dans la présente Politique et qui sont conformes à nos principes en matière de protection des renseignements personnels. Le présent contenu vise à vous expliquer nos principes et nos procédures en matière de protection des renseignements personnels. La présente politique reflète tant l’importance de la question que les exigences juridiques et réglementaires en matière de protection des renseignements personnels. Pour de plus amples renseignements au sujet de nos principes et procédures en matière de protection des renseignements personnels, veuillez poursuivre votre lecture.
Pour demander l’accès à vos renseignements personnels ou pour les corriger ou pour présenter une autre demande au sujet de vos renseignements personnels, vous pouvez écrire à notre responsable mondial de la protection de la vie privée à
theprivacyofficer@tangerine.ca
ou faire parvenir votre demande par la poste au responsable mondial de la protection de la vie privée, 3389 av. Steeles Est, Toronto (Ontario) M2H 0A1.
Introduction
La Banque Tangerine (« Tangerine » ou « nous ») tient à préserver l’exactitude, la confidentialité et la sécurité des renseignements personnels de ses clients actuels et éventuels (« vous » ou « vos » renseignements personnels). La Politique de confidentialité de Tangerine témoigne de cette volonté.
La présente Politique de confidentialité est établie d’après la Loi sur la protection des renseignements personnels et les documents électroniques (LPRPDE). Elle décrit la façon dont Tangerine respecte les principes de la LPRPDE. Une copie de la LPRPDE est disponible à l’adresse
priv.gc.ca
.
Portée de la présente Politique de confidentialité
La présente Politique de confidentialité décrit les principes auxquels souscrit Tangerine pour protéger les renseignements personnels en sa possession ou sous son contrôle. Elle ne s’applique pas aux renseignements sur les clients commerciaux qui exercent des activités à titre de société, de société de personnes ou sous une autre forme. Toutefois, nous protégeons la confidentialité de ces renseignements conformément à la loi et à nos politiques. La présente politique de confidentialité s’applique aux renseignements personnels que nous recueillons sur les propriétaires d’entreprises individuelles ou aux renseignements personnels sur les dirigeants, les administrateurs, les employés ou les associés d’un client commercial.
Modifications à la présente Politique de confidentialité
Afin de s’assurer que la présente Politique est tenue à jour, nous la modifierons si nécessaire à l’occasion. Une notification des changements importants apportés à la Politique de confidentialité pourrait être distribuée par courriel, être inscrite sur les relevés de compte de Tangerine, être transmise par lettre, être affichée sur le site Web de Tangerine ou être envoyée sur votre babillard en ligne ou encore par un autre moyen électronique que Tangerine utilise pour communiquer avec vous.
EXPLICATION DES TERMES UTILISÉS DANS LA PRÉSENTE POLITIQUE DE CONFIDENTIALITÉ
Associés
Les représentants du service à la clientèle de Tangerine étudieront les questions et les doléances au sujet d’un produit ou d’un service de Tangerine. Il est possible de joindre un associé en téléphonant au
1-888-826-4374
ou en lui envoyant un courriel à
infos@tangerine.ca
.
Renseignements personnels
Par « renseignements personnels », on entend généralement tous les renseignements qui peuvent être utilisés, seuls ou avec d’autres renseignements, pour identifier une personne, comme son nom, ses adresses postale et électronique, son numéro de téléphone ou toute autre coordonnée. Il peut aussi s’agir de renseignements plus techniques, mais uniquement si ces renseignements permettent d’identifier la personne : adresse IP, appareil utilisé pour accéder au site Web ou à l’application de la Banque Scotia, données sur l’utilisation du site Web ou de l’application, etc. Les renseignements qui sont anonymisés et qui ne peuvent pas être associés à une personne identifiable ne sont pas considérés comme des renseignements personnels.
Responsable mondial de la protection de la vie privée
Le service de Tangerine qui a la responsabilité de protéger vos renseignements personnels. Il est possible de joindre le responsable mondial de la protection de la vie privée par la poste ou par courriel à l’adresse suivante :
RESPONSABLE MONDIAL DE LA PROTECTION DE LA VIE PRIVÉE
Tangerine
3389 av. Steeles Est
Toronto (ONTARIO) M2H 0A1
theprivacyofficer@tangerine.ca
Tangerine
« Tangerine » est le nom commercial de la Banque Tangerine. Tangerine est une filiale en propriété exclusive de La Banque de Nouvelle-Écosse (la « Banque Scotia »).
ARTICLE 1
Principe - Responsabilité de Tangerine
Nous sommes responsables de tous les renseignements personnels en notre possession ou sous notre contrôle, y compris ceux transmis à un tiers à des fins de traitement. Nous avons établi des procédures visant à assurer la conformité à la présente Politique de confidentialité. Nous avons également désigné des personnes responsables de son application.
Notre responsable mondial de la protection de la vie privée est chargé de préserver la confidentialité des renseignements personnels de nos clients et de notre respect de la présente Politique de confidentialité.
Nous sommes également responsables des renseignements personnels transmis à des tiers à des fins de traitement (par exemple, des services de compensation de chèques). Nos politiques visant à assurer protection des renseignements personnels transmis à des tiers sont exposées au
paragraphe 7.4
de la présente Politique de confidentialité.
Afin d’assurer le respect des principes de la présente Politique de confidentialité, nous avons fait ce qui suit :
nous avons établi des procédures pour protéger les renseignements personnels;
nous avons établi des procédures pour recevoir et répondre aux demandes de renseignements et aux plaintes;
nous avons publié la présente Politique de confidentialité; et
nous avons formé notre personnel afin qu’il comprenne et suive les procédures liées à la protection des renseignements personnels.
Nous assurons également le respect de la présente Politique de confidentialité par des vérifications périodiques et d’autres procédures de conformité. La haute direction rend compte à un comité du conseil d’administration de Tangerine de toute question touchant la conformité à la présente Politique de confidentialité.
ARTICLE 2
Principe - Explication de l’usage prévu des renseignements personnels recueillis
Nous vous informerons des fins auxquelles vos renseignements personnels sont utilisés.
Nous prendrons soin d’expliquer tous les usages, y compris ceux qu’on ne saurait soupçonner. Si les raisons pour lesquelles on demande le nom et l’adresse de la personne sont bien évidentes, il n’en va pas forcément de même pour la collecte d’autres renseignements personnels.
Nous indiquerons clairement l’usage prévu des renseignements personnels que nous recueillons auprès de vous par écrit, de vive voix, lorsque nous vous parlons, ou encore par un autre des moyens que nous utilisons pour communiquer avec vous. Il n’est pas toujours nécessaire que nous obtenions votre consentement (se reporter à
l’article 3
ou au
paragraphe 5.1
pour de plus amples détails).
Vous pouvez demander l’usage prévu des renseignements personnels recueillis lorsque vous communiquez avec nous par téléphone ou que vous écrivez à notre responsable mondial de la protection de la vie privée.
En sus des usages mentionnés auparavant ou au moment de la collecte de renseignements, nous recueillerons des renseignements personnels aux fins suivantes (ce qui peut comprendre des renseignements sur votre solvabilité, votre emploi et d’autres renseignements financiers connexes) :
pour nous aider à vous identifier;
pour déterminer si nos produits ou services vous conviennent ou si vous y êtes admissible;
pour mettre en place et gérer les produits et services de Tangerine;
pour proposer, mettre en place et gérer les produits et services, dont ceux des membres de notre groupe et de nos partenaires de confiance;
pour fournir un service continu; et
pour satisfaire aux exigences des lois et des règlements, notamment les exigences de la Loi de l’impôt sur le revenu (Canada) et celles touchant les rapports de solvabilité.
Voici des exemples d’autres fins auxquelles nous pourrions recueillir, communiquer ou utiliser vos renseignements personnels :
a
. les références servent à vérifier les renseignements fournis sur une demande;
b
. votre date de naissance et toute autre information d’identification peut être recueillie et utilisée afin de vérifier votre identité et vous protéger ainsi que Tangerine contre les erreurs ou les fraudes. Nous pourrions également recueillir et utiliser des renseignements personnels obtenus des agences d’évaluation du crédit et d’autres institutions financières afin d’aider à vérifier votre identité à titre de nouveau client;
c
. le numéro d’assurance sociale (NAS) est recueilli parce que la Loi de l’impôt sur le revenu (Canada) et d’autres réglementations nationales ou internationales en matière d’imposition des ressortissants l’exigent aux fins de la déclaration de revenus. En outre, le NAS peut servir à corroborer les renseignements des agences d’évaluation du crédit ou vous protéger ainsi que Tangerine contre les erreurs ou les fraudes dans les déclarations. Vous n’êtes pas tenu de fournir votre NAS à ces fins. Pour retirer votre consentement à l’utilisation de votre NAS dans le but de vérifier votre identité, vous pouvez communiquer avec nous, tel qu’il est indiqué ci-après. Se reporter au
paragraphe 3.5
et au
paragraphe 3.6
;
d
. des renseignements personnels sont communiqués aux agences d’évaluation du crédit, aux assureurs des facilités de crédit (y compris des renseignements sur la santé) ainsi qu’à d’autres institutions financières dans le but de préserver l’intégrité du processus d’octroi du crédit et de s’assurer de l’admissibilité à certains produits et services financiers, y compris les produits d’assurance-crédit. Les agences d’évaluation du crédit qui nous fournissent des renseignements sur votre crédit sont Equifax Canada Inc. (Equifax.ca) et TransUnion Canada Inc. (transunion.ca). Vous pouvez les contacter pour accéder à votre rapport de solvabilité, le corriger ou en obtenir une copie;
e
. nous utilisons les renseignements personnels, y compris les détails des opérations effectuées à l’égard d’un produit ou d’un service que Tangerine offre, pour déterminer votre admissibilité aux produits et services ou pour définir les produits ou les services qui pourraient vous intéresser et nous utiliserons vos coordonnées et d’autres renseignements pour vous aviser de ces produits, y compris par l’entremise d’un site Web, par la poste (y compris un avis sur le relevé), par courriel, par téléphone, par textos ou par notre application pour les Services bancaires mobiles ou par tout autre moyen électronique offert par Tangerine et que vous utilisez. Si vous ne souhaitez pas recevoir des communications de marketing, vous pouvez les refuser, tel qu’il est décrit au
paragraphe 3.6
;
f.
Lorsque vous utilisez notre appli bancaire mobile, nous pouvons vous demander certaines images, y compris les suivantes :
·
Vos pièces d’identité et un « égoportrait » pour confirmer votre identité et prévenir la fraude comme décrit dans nos
Modalités de vérification de l’identité numérique
·
Autres documents pour confirmer votre identité et prévenir la fraude
·
Le recto et le verso de chèques pour déposer des chèques
g
. sous réserve du
paragraphe 7.4
, des renseignements personnels peuvent être communiqués à des investisseurs, notamment des investisseurs potentiels, des prêteurs et des garants gouvernementaux afin que nous puissions traiter, décaisser et titriser votre hypothèque;
h
. des renseignements personnels peuvent être recueillis, utilisés et communiqués dans le cadre d’enquêtes touchant une opération précise ou une série d’opérations en vue de déceler des activités non autorisées ou frauduleuses ou d’autres activités illégales;
i
. des renseignements personnels peuvent être recueillis et utilisés afin de s’assurer que vos instructions peuvent être vérifiées de façon appropriée et pour éviter les erreurs;
j
. des renseignements personnels peuvent être recueillis, utilisés et communiqués dans le but d’enquêter sur vos plaintes;
k
. si vous ouvrez un compte servant les intérêts d’un tiers, des renseignements personnels au sujet de ce tiers seront recueillis auprès de vous conformément à la législation sur le blanchiment d’argent;
l
. nous pourrions communiquer des renseignements personnels à des membres du groupe de sociétés de la Banque Scotia et à d’autres fournisseurs de services qui offrent des services opérationnels, administratifs et de soutien pour notre compte, pour respecter des obligations juridiques et réglementaires, pour prévenir la fraude et pour effectuer des analyses;
m
. des membres du groupe de sociétés de la Banque Scotia et nos fournisseurs de services peuvent être situés à l’extérieur de votre province de résidence ou du Canada et accéder à vos renseignements personnels et les traiter à partir des États-Unis ou d’autres territoires. Pour obtenir la liste des membres du groupe et des filiales clés de la Banque Scotia, veuillez vous reporter à notre dernier rapport annuel;
n
. nous pourrions communiquer vos renseignements personnels à d’autres membres du groupe de sociétés de la Banque Scotia et à nos fournisseurs de services afin qu’ils puissent communiquer avec vous à des fins de marketing, notamment le télémarketing, ou pour vous aider à gérer votre crédit de façon responsable. Vous pouvez à tout moment retirer votre consentement à la communication de vos renseignements personnels à des fins de marketing à d’autres sociétés de la Banque Scotia. Se reporter au
paragraphe 3.5
et au
paragraphe 3.6
;
o
. des renseignements personnels peuvent être recueillis, utilisés et communiqués afin de se conformer à des exigences juridiques ou réglementaires;
p
. des renseignements personnels peuvent être recueillis, utilisés et communiqués si vous participez à un concours, un sondage ou une promotion aux fins de l’administration de votre participation à ce concours ou cette promotion ou à toute autre fin qui vous aura par ailleurs été décrite au moment de votre inscription. Les renseignements que nous obtenons dans le cadre de nos sondages sont regroupés, sauf si vous nous donnez votre consentement. Nous les utilisons pour comprendre nos clients et pour améliorer nos produits et services;
q
. des renseignements personnels sur un compte conjoint et les opérations sur ce compte peuvent être communiqués aux titulaires du compte; et
r
. des renseignements personnels peuvent être communiqués à un représentant (comme un tuteur, un fondé de pouvoir, le représentant d’une succession ou un avocat) si cela est raisonnablement nécessaire pour administrer le patrimoine.
s.
L’analyse de vos renseignements personnels pourrait faire appel à des prises de décision automatisées. Il s’agit de traiter vos renseignements personnels à l’aide de logiciels qui peuvent évaluer votre situation personnelle, ainsi que les facteurs pouvant influencer celle-ci. Nous pourrions faire appel à de telles méthodes pour prendre des décisions à votre égard, notamment afin de vérifier votre crédit, confirmer votre identité et votre adresse, faire le suivi de votre compte pour prévenir la fraude ou des crimes financiers, ou pour d’autres motifs qui vous seront présentés, le cas échéant. Nous pourrions recourir à des processus décisionnels automatisés pour vous fournir un produit particulier (par exemple, pour établir les types de services qui vous conviennent), pour prévenir la fraude ou les crimes financiers, ou pour nous assurer d’offrir un service équitable à nos clients.
t.
La Banque Tangerine est présente sur différentes plateformes de réseaux sociaux, comme Facebook, Instagram et X (Twitter). Lorsque vous interagissez avec un compte de la Banque sur une telle plateforme, par exemple en « aimant » une publication, en publiant des commentaires ou en nous envoyant un message direct, nous pouvons collecter certains renseignements à votre sujet. Ces renseignements dépendent de ce que ces plateformes partagent avec nous, selon les paramètres de confidentialité que vous avez sélectionnés. Nous vous recommandons de consulter les politiques de confidentialité de ces plateformes de réseaux sociaux pour en savoir plus.
ARTICLE 3
Principe – Obtenir un consentement
Nous recueillerons, utiliserons ou communiquerons des renseignements personnels sans votre consentement uniquement dans les circonstances restreintes permises par la loi.
Sous réserve de certaines obligations juridiques, réglementaires et contractuelles et sur remise d’un avis raisonnable, une personne peut, à tout moment, refuser que des renseignements personnels à son sujet soient recueillis, utilisés ou communiqués, ou retirer son consentement à ces fins. Dans certains cas, cela signifie que nous pourrions ne plus être en mesure de vous offrir certains produits et services.
En règle générale, nous obtiendrons le consentement de la personne à l’utilisation et à la communication de renseignements personnels lors de leur collecte. Dans certains cas, nous pourrions déceler de nouvelles façons d’utiliser et de communiquer vos renseignements personnels après leur collecte et nous obtiendrons alors votre consentement à leur utilisation et communication.
Avant de demander votre consentement, nous vous expliquerons, dans un langage clair et simple, la façon dont nous entendons utiliser ou divulguer les renseignements personnels.
Le consentement à la collecte, à l’utilisation et à la communication de renseignements personnels peut être explicite, implicite ou fourni par l’entremise d’un représentant autorisé.
Vous pouvez exprimer votre consentement de vive voix, comme, lorsque les renseignements sont recueillis au téléphone, par écrit, comme lorsque vous remplissez et signez une demande, ou par voie électronique, comme lorsque vous présentez une demande en ligne.
Vous pouvez exprimer votre consentement de façon implicite, par exemple en utilisant un produit ou service de Tangerine.
Vous pouvez également donner votre consentement par l’entremise d’un représentant autorisé, comme un tuteur légal ou un fondé de pouvoir. Ce type de consentement peut se révéler nécessaire lorsque, par exemple, nous ne pouvons obtenir le consentement explicite d’une personne mineure ou gravement malade.
Nous pouvons recueillir, utiliser ou communiquer des renseignements personnels à votre insu et sans votre consentement uniquement dans les circonstances restreintes permises par la loi. Par exemple :
Nous pouvons recueillir, utiliser ou communiquer des renseignements personnels à votre insu ou sans votre consentement s’il en va manifestement de votre intérêt et qu’il n’est pas possible d’obtenir votre consentement dans les délais requis, par exemple lorsque la personne est gravement malade.
Tangerine peut recueillir, utiliser et communiquer des renseignements personnels à votre insu ou sans votre consentement conformément à la loi ou à la demande légitime d’une institution gouvernementale ou d’une partie d’une institution gouvernementale. Par exemple : lorsqu’une institution gouvernementale demande légitimement cette information pour l’application d’une loi fédérale ou provinciale canadienne d’un territoire étranger.
Vous pouvez, à tout moment, refuser de donner votre consentement à la collecte, à l’utilisation ou à la communication de renseignements personnels ou retirer votre consentement à cette fin, par la remise d’un avis raisonnable, sous réserve de certaines exceptions. Notamment, vous pouvez retirer votre consentement à l’utilisation, par Tangerine, de votre NAS dans le but de confirmer votre identité.
Nous vous informerons des conséquences de votre refus ou du retrait de votre consentement. Si vous refusez de donner votre consentement à la collecte, à l’utilisation ou à la communication de renseignements personnels ou le retirer à cette fin, il se pourrait que nous ne puissions plus vous offrir un produit et/ou un service. Par exemple, si vous ne nous autorisez pas à obtenir un rapport de solvabilité, nous pourrions ne pas être en mesure de vous octroyer un prêt.
Nous pourrions être tenus en vertu d’une loi ou d’un règlement ou encore aux termes d’un contrat de recueillir, d’utiliser ou de communiquer certains de vos renseignements personnels, auquel cas vous ne pourrez pas retirer votre consentement. Par exemple, pendant la durée d’un prêt, vous ne pourrez retirer votre consentement à la collecte, l’utilisation ou la communication continue de vos renseignements personnels relativement au prêt que vous avez contracté auprès de nous ou qui est garanti.
Nous ne refuserons pas sans motif valable de fournir des produits, des services ou des renseignements à une personne qui refuse de donner son consentement ou qui l’a retiré ultérieurement.
Tangerine est tenue, en vertu de la loi, de rassembler certains types de renseignements personnels afin de vérifier votre identité. Si vous ne nous autorisez pas à recueillir et à utiliser renseignements à ces fins, ou si vous tentez plus tard de retirer votre consentement, nous pourrions ne pas pouvoir ouvrir un compte à votre nom ou le maintenir.
Une personne ne peut retirer son consentement dans le cas d’un produit de crédit à l’égard duquel nous sommes tenus de recueillir et de communiquer des renseignements après l’octroi du crédit. Cette mesure vise à préserver l’intégrité du système d’information de crédit.
Nous agirons selon vos directives dès que possible, mais il se pourrait que nous ne puissions cesser immédiatement d’utiliser vos renseignements à certains égards.
Refus et retrait
Si vous souhaitez retirer votre consentement ou mettre à jour vos préférences de communication en matière de marketing, veuillez communiquer avec nous au numéro sans frais
1-888-826-4374
.
Pour cesser de recevoir des communications par courriel, veuillez cliquer sur le lien de désabonnement qui se trouve dans chacune de nos communications.
Pour cesser de recevoir des textos, vous n’avez qu’à répondre « STOP » ou « ARRET » à un message.
Pour que vos renseignements personnels ne soient plus communiqués à nos partenaires de confiance, veuillez nous joindre aux coordonnées figurant ci-dessus.
Pour cesser de recevoir des messages publipostés ou des communications de marketing par téléphone, veuillez nous joindre aux coordonnées figurant ci-dessus.
ARTICLE 4
Principe - Limites applicables à la collecte des renseignements personnels
Tangerine respecte certaines limites quant au volume et à la nature des renseignements personnels qu’elle recueille. Nous recueillerons les renseignements personnels uniquement aux fins que nous vous avons déjà décrites ou en conformité avec la loi.
Nous ne recueillerons que le volume et le type de renseignements nécessaires aux fins répertoriées par Tangerine et telles qu’elles vous sont présentées.
Nous recueillerons des renseignements personnels sur vous principalement auprès de vous. Sauf en cas d’exception prévue par la loi, Tangerine recueillera des renseignements personnels auprès de sources externes uniquement si vous y avez consenti (par exemple, dans le cadre du programme « Invitez un ami »).
ARTICLE 5
Principes - Limites applicables à l’utilisation, à la communication et à la conservation des renseignements personnels
Nous utiliserons ou communiquerons des renseignements personnels aux seules fins pour lesquelles ils ont été recueillis, à moins que la personne ne consente à ce qu’ils soient utilisés ou communiqués à d’autres fins. Dans certaines circonstances, nous pouvons avoir l’obligation légale ou le droit de communiquer des renseignements personnels à votre insu ou sans votre consentement.
Nous conserverons les renseignements personnels uniquement pour la durée nécessaire aux fins précisées.
Nous pouvons communiquer des renseignements personnels sans le consentement de la personne lorsque la loi l’exige ou le permet. Par exemple, des renseignements peuvent être communiqués dans les cas suivants :
pour des citations à comparaître, des mandats de perquisition et d’autres ordonnances du tribunal ou du gouvernement;
pour des demandes de recouvrement de créances ou autres de la part d’autres parties ayant légalement le droit d’avoir accès aux renseignements personnels; et
pour la communication de renseignements personnels à un avocat, ou à un notaire au Québec, représentant Tangerine afin de protéger ses intérêts.
Dans les circonstances mentionnées ci-dessus, nous protégerons vos intérêts et, à cette fin, nous nous assurerons de ce qui suit :
l’ordonnance ou la demande semble conforme à la loi en vertu de laquelle elle a été délivrée;
Lorsque la loi le permet, nous pouvons vous aviser de la réception d’une ordonnance ou d’une demande.
Nous ne recueillerons des renseignements médicaux qu’aux fins bien précises que nous vous avons décrites, telles que la confirmation de la date d’entrée en vigueur d’une procuration ou aux fins d’une assurance-crédit, puisque les assureurs exigent ces renseignements personnels pour évaluer le risque d’assurance et établir et administrer la couverture d’assurance.
Si nous fournissons des renseignements personnels aux fins de traitement par un fournisseur de services tiers situé dans un territoire étranger, nous devrons respecter les lois et les règlements de ce territoire et pourrons communiquer les renseignements personnels conformément à ces lois et règlements.
Nous détruirons, effacerons ou dépersonnaliserons les renseignements personnels dont nous n’avons plus besoin pour les fins précisées ou pour nous conformer aux exigences de la loi, conformément à nos politiques en matière de conservation des dossiers.
Lorsque vous remplissez des formulaires et des demandes en ligne ou au moyen de notre appli bancaire mobile, vos réponses sont automatiquement enregistrées pendant 30 jours au maximum (version provisoire). Dans la mesure du possible, si vous ne parvenez pas à remplir un formulaire ou si vous devez changer d’appareil, vous n’aurez pas à recommencer la procédure la prochaine fois que vous ouvrirez le formulaire. Toutefois, après cette période, les renseignements que vous avez saisis seront supprimés.
Nous pouvons communiquer des renseignements conformément à vos demandes ou avec votre consentement. Dans certains cas, votre consentement pourrait être « implicite », c’est-à-dire qu’il sera présumé sur la base de votre action ou inaction lors du traitement de vos renseignements personnels. Vous pouvez retirer votre consentement à la collecte, à l’utilisation ou à la divulgation de vos renseignements personnels comme indiqué dans les paragraphes 3.5 et 3.6 ci-dessus.
ARTICLE 6
Principe - Exactitude des renseignements personnels
Nous veillerons à ce que les renseignements personnels en notre possession ou sous notre contrôle soient exacts et complets compte tenu des plus récents renseignements mis à notre disposition. À l’occasion, Tangerine pourrait communiquer avec vous pour confirmer vos coordonnées et vos préférences pour les communications de marketing.
Vous pouvez contester l’exactitude et l’exhaustivité de vos renseignements personnels et, s’il y a lieu, les faire modifier.
Nous ferons raisonnablement de notre mieux pour réduire au minimum le risque de fonder une décision à votre égard sur des renseignements personnels inexacts, incomplets ou qui ne sont plus à jour.
Nous ferons des efforts raisonnables pour que les renseignements personnels en notre possession et sous notre contrôle demeurent exacts et à jour si ceux-ci sont utilisés de façon continue.
Nous compterons sur vous pour que vos renseignements personnels soient exacts, complets et à jour. Si vous nous démontrez que vos renseignements personnels sont inexacts, incomplets ou ne sont plus à jour, nous les réviserons ou les supprimerons. Au besoin, nous divulguerons les renseignements personnels révisés aux tiers à qui nous avons transmis des renseignements qui sont erronés ou qui ne sont plus à jour afin que ceux-ci puissent actualiser leurs dossiers.
Si nous refusons de procéder à la révision des renseignements personnels, tel que vous l’avez demandé, vous pouvez contester notre décision. Nous consignerons votre contestation et la transmettrons, au besoin, à tout tiers à qui nous avons communiqué les renseignements personnels.
ARTICLE 7
Principe - Protection des renseignements personnels
Nous protégerons les renseignements personnels en appliquant des mesures de sécurité reflétant le niveau de confidentialité de ces renseignements.
Nous protégerons les renseignements personnels en notre possession ou sous notre contrôle contre la perte ou le vol et contre l’accès, la communication, la reproduction, l’utilisation ou la modification non autorisée.
Les mesures de sécurité auxquelles Tangerine aura recours pour protéger les renseignements personnels dépendront du degré de confidentialité, du volume, de la diffusion, de la diffusion et du stockage des renseignements personnels. Nous conservons la plus grande partie de vos renseignements sur support électronique.
Pour protéger les renseignements personnels en notre possession ou sous notre contrôle, nous appliquerons des mesures de sécurité, dont les suivantes :
des mesures de sécurité matérielles, par exemple le verrouillage des classeurs et la restriction de l’accès aux bureaux;
des mesures de sécurité organisationnelles, par exemple le contrôle de l’accès aux centres informatiques et la restriction de l’accès aux données pertinentes; et
des mesures de sécurité électroniques, par exemple le recours à des mots de passe, à des numéros d’identification personnels et à des techniques de chiffrement.
Nous pouvons transmettre des renseignements personnels à des tiers aux fins de traitement. Nous exigerons des tiers qu’ils protègent tous les renseignements personnels conformément à nos pratiques et politiques, et comme l’exige la loi. Lorsque nous faisons affaire avec des tiers, nous ne leur transmettons que les renseignements nécessaires à la prestation des services décrits au contrat. Il est interdit à un tiers de conserver des données transmises par Tangerine, de les analyser ou de les utiliser à d’autres fins. Le tiers est tenu de protéger les renseignements personnels que Tangerine a transférés d’une manière conforme à nos principes en matière de confidentialité. Au moment de détruire des renseignements personnels ou de s’en départir, nous prendrons les précautions nécessaires pour éviter tout accès non autorisé à ceux-ci.
ARTICLE 8
Principe - Accessibilité à l’information sur les politiques et les procédures
Nous ferons preuve d’ouverture d’esprit à propos des procédures de gestion des renseignements personnels. Il sera possible d’obtenir des renseignements sur ces procédures dans la Politique de confidentialité de Tangerine, en communiquant avec nos associés ou en écrivant au responsable mondial de la protection de la vie privée. Les renseignements seront fournis dans une forme facile à comprendre.
Nous mettrons la présente Politique de confidentialité à la disposition du grand public.
Une version électronique de la présente Politique de confidentialité est affichée sur le site Web de Tangerine à l’adresse
tangerine.ca
ou vous pouvez appeler un de nos associés pour en obtenir une copie.
Les renseignements sur la présente Politique de confidentialité seront fournis dans une forme facile à comprendre.
Les coordonnées des associés et du responsable mondial de la protection de la vie privée sont fournies au début du présent document à la rubrique « Explication des termes utilisés dans la présente Politique de confidentialité » afin que vous puissiez poser des questions sur les pratiques relatives aux renseignements personnels de Tangerine.
Nous pouvons communiquer l’information au sujet de nos procédures de diverses façons, selon la nature des services que vous utilisez et la confidentialité des renseignements personnels.
Des renseignements sont disponibles par la poste, par courriel ou en ligne ou encore en composant un numéro sans frais.
Politiques et procédures concernant les renseignements personnels
Afin d’assurer la protection des renseignements personnels, nous avons établi et mis en place des politiques et des procédures de gouvernance. Ces dernières ont été approuvées par le responsable mondial de la protection de la vie privée. Ces documents fournissent un cadre pour la conservation et la destruction des renseignements, définissent les rôles et les responsabilités des employés et prévoient une procédure afin de répondre aux demandes concernant la protection des renseignements. Une liste des politiques et des procédures est présentée ci-dessous:
a
.
Cadre de gestion du risque d’atteinte à la vie privée
– Il présente une vue d’ensemble des principaux éléments de gouvernance liés à la surveillance et à la gestion du risque d’atteinte à la vie privée. Il sous-tend les éléments importants des activités connexes et constitue un document source que doivent respecter les politiques et procédures relatives au risque d’atteinte à la vie privée.
b
.
Politique de gestion du risque d’atteinte à la vie privée
– Elle décrit les politiques et les principes généraux de gestion du risque d’atteinte à la vie privée. Elle fait partie intégrante des efforts déployés pour gérer et atténuer efficacement le risque d’atteinte à la vie privée.
c
.
Matrice des rôles et des responsabilités du Programme de gestion du risque d’atteinte à la vie privée
– Cet outil permet de déterminer les rôles et les responsabilités associés à chaque tâche.
d
.
Procédures d’accès aux renseignements personnels
– Elles décrivent le cadre de traitement des demandes d’accès et des demandes de modification des renseignements personnels, conformément aux lois applicables. Elles font partie du Programme de gestion du risque d’atteinte à la vie privée.
e
.
Procédures de gouvernance de l’outil de gestion des problèmes relatifs à la vie privée
– Un outil de gestion des problèmes relatifs à la vie privée est un système utilisé pour faire le suivi des incidents liés à la vie privée dans un endroit centralisé et pour communiquer ces données au personnel concerné. Les procédures de gouvernance décrivent la structure et le processus de prise de décision, de responsabilisation et de contrôle concernant les incidents liés à la vie privée qui sont suivis par l’outil.
f
.
Lignes directrices sur l’utilisation de RPIP (renseignements permettant d’identifier une personne) dans les initiatives numériques
– Elles offrent un aperçu des questions relatives à la vie privée à prendre en considération lors de la conception de projets numériques comprenant des renseignements permettant d’identifier une personne. Elles aident les employés à différencier les utilisations de RPIP autorisées et interdites.
g
.
Procédures de gestion des incidents relatifs à la vie privée et des atteintes à la vie privée
– Elles décrivent la manière de gérer les risques d’atteinte à la vie privée qui ont des répercussions sur la Banque et sur ses clients, ses employés ou d’autres personnes.
h
.
Procédures d’évaluation des facteurs relatifs à la vie privée
– Elles décrivent les processus à suivre afin d’effectuer une évaluation des facteurs relatifs à la vie privée. Elles font partie du Programme de gestion du risque d’atteinte à la vie privée de la Banque.
i
.
Politique sur la protection de la vie privée des employés
– Elle définit la manière dont la Banque recueille, utilise, communique et gère les renseignements personnels des employés dans le cadre de l’administration de la relation d’emploi.
j
.
Politique de gestion des dossiers
– Elle a pour objet d’établir des principes généraux à l’échelle de la Banque afin de faciliter la création, la récupération, l’utilisation, la mise à jour, la conservation et la disposition des dossiers d’une manière qui correspond aux priorités de Tangerine et aux exigences réglementaires et juridiques.
ARTICLE 9
Principe - Accessibilité aux renseignements personnels
À votre demande, Tangerine vous informera des renseignements personnels sur vous qu’elle a en sa possession ou sous son contrôle, ainsi que de leur usage et des personnes à qui ils ont été communiqués.
Dans certaines situations exceptionnelles, il se pourrait que nous ne puissions accorder à une personne l’accès à la totalité des renseignements personnels qui la concerne.
Vous avez le droit de connaître, sur demande, les renseignements personnels sur vous que nous avons en notre possession ou sous notre contrôle, le droit d’y accéder et le droit de savoir à qui nous les avons communiqués, sous réserve des exceptions prévues par les lois et les règlements. Les personnes peuvent adresser leur demande par téléphone à l’un nos associés ou, par écrit, au responsable mondial de la protection de la vie privée.
Nous avons mis en place des procédures pour répondre aux demandes d’accès aux renseignements personnels. Dans le cas improbable où nous déciderions d’exiger des frais pour l’accès à ces renseignements, nous informerons la personne des frais raisonnables autorisés par la loi avant d’accorder l’accès aux renseignements.
Pour traiter votre demande, nous pourrions vous demander des renseignements pour valider votre identité et confirmer la nature de votre demande, comme votre numéro de succursale et votre numéro de compte, ainsi que des clarifications sur les renseignements spécifiques ou une période de temps visés par votre demande.
Si vous souffrez d’un handicap d’ordre sensoriel, vous pouvez demander que vos renseignements personnels soient disponibles sous un autre format.
S’il nous est interdit de présenter une requête d’accès à des renseignements personnels, nous vous ferons part des raisons du refus. Cette décision peut être portée en appel devant le Commissariat à la protection de la vie privée du Canada.
Il se pourrait, dans certains cas, que nous ne puissions vous accorder l’accès à vos renseignements personnels, comme lorsque votre demande vise également les renseignements personnels d’un tiers qui ne peuvent être supprimés ou lorsque les renseignements que vous demandez sont protégés par un privilège juridique.
Tangerine pourrait exiger des frais d’accès nominaux selon la nature de votre demande. Nous vous informerons des frais, s’il y a lieu, avant de traiter votre demande.
ARTICLE 10
Principe - Règlement des plaintes et traitement des demandes de renseignements
Une personne peut porter plainte contre Tangerine à propos de tout manquement à la présente Politique de confidentialité. Nous avons adopté des politiques et des procédures pour recevoir et répondre aux plaintes et aux demandes de renseignements, ainsi que pour enquêter sur celles-ci.
1. Les plaintes et les demandes de renseignements doivent être adressées aux associés ou acheminées par écrit au responsable mondial de la protection de la vie privée.
2. Nous enquêterons sur les toutes les plaintes. Si, à notre avis, une plainte est justifiée, alors nous tenterons de la régler.
3. Si vous avez des questions à propos des pratiques de confidentialité de Tangerine ou sur la façon dont nous ou nos fournisseurs de services traitons vos renseignements personnels, veuillez communiquer avec un associé en nous appelant sans frais au
1-866-677-0546
. Si nous ne pouvons régler votre problème à votre satisfaction, vous pouvez communiquer avec le responsable mondial de la protection de la vie privée :
Responsable mondial de la protection de la vie privée
Tangerine
3389 Steeles Est
Toronto (Ontario) M2H 0A1
theprivacyofficer@tangerine.ca
4. Tangerine a adopté des politiques et des procédures pour recevoir et répondre à vos plaintes et demandes de renseignements en matière de confidentialité, et pour enquêter sur celles-ci. Nous enquêterons sur toutes les plaintes que nous recevons. Si, à notre avis, une plainte est justifiée, nous tenterons de la résoudre. Vous trouverez plus de détails sur notre processus de traitement des plaintes ici :
tangerine.ca/fr/legal/complaints-process
.
5. Si vous n’êtes pas satisfait, vous pouvez déposer une plainte auprès du Commissariat à la protection de la vie privée du Canada.
Commissariat à la protection de la vie privée au Canada
30, rue Victoria
Gatineau (Québec) K1A 1H3
Sans frais :
1-800-282-1376
Téléphone :
(819) 994-5444
ATS :
(819) 994-6591
priv.gc.ca
By clicking "Accept All", you understand and agree that we and our partners may use cookies and other similar technologies on our sites. These technologies may collect information about you, including browsing patterns, to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. Click "Manage Preferences" to change or deny the use of optional cookies. To learn more about changing your preferences at any time, please click the following link.
Policy
Manage Preferences
Accept All
Privacy Preference Centre
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, in the form of cookies or other similar technologies. This information might be about you, your preferences, or your device, and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. You can choose not to allow some types of cookies and other similar technologies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change your settings; however, blocking some of these technologies may impact your site experience and the services we are able to offer.
Policy
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function, or are used for security and fraud prevention, and cannot be switched off. They are usually only set in response to your actions that amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in, filling in forms or browsing our site. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not work.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count site visits and web-traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. If you do not allow these cookies, we will not know when you have visited our site, will not be able to monitor its performance, and may not be able to assist you with specific issues you may encounter.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies and similar technologies may be set through our site by us and our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant advertisements on other sites. They also allow us to measure the effectiveness of our online advertising and to share information related to applications, or acquisition of our products or services, with these companies. This type of data is, in turn, provided back to us in an aggregated form. These technologies do not store directly identifiable personal information but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these technologies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-policy 1
https://www.tangerine.ca/en/privacy/cookies:
Digital Privacy and Interest-Based Advertising
English
French
We use cookies and other technologies such as pixel tags and web beacons.
Cookie
A "cookie" is a piece of data that a web browser creates when you visit a website. This data is information about how and when you use a site. It’s placed on your computer, smartphone, or tablet (“online device”) in the form of a small text file.
There are two types of cookies used by Tangerine:
1. Session cookies
These are temporary cookies that expire when you leave the site. Session cookies allow the website to recognize you as you navigate between pages during a single browser session and allow you to use the website most efficiently.
2. Persistent cookies
In contrast to session cookies, persistent cookies are stored on your online device between browsing sessions until expiry or deletion. They therefore enable the website to "recognize" you on your return, remember your preferences, and personalize services to you. This type of cookie is also used as part of how we authenticate you to help protect your banking from unauthorized individuals.
Pixels
Pixel tags and web beacon technologies provide information about how you interact with our website, mobile application and emails. For example, pixels can be used to determine whether an email has been opened or forwarded and how much of it has been viewed. These technologies may communicate with servers to obtain images and other content and to relay information about the IP address being used to access our site and information about your browser. We may use the information we obtain through these technologies to serve you targeted ads under “What’s interest based advertising”.
Why we use these technologies
To collect statistical information: These technologies help us collect and evaluate statistical information on how you use our website to help us improve our website, products and services.
To measure engagement: We use these technologies to gain a better understanding of Client behaviours on our website so we can develop engagement strategies to better serve you and make it easier for you to navigate our website and find information about our products and services.
To advertise or make offers: We use these technologies to serve Tangerine advertisements and offers tailored to you, or that may be of interest to you, on third party websites.
For analytics: We may use web analytics services such as Google Analytics to help us analyze how visitors use our website, so that we can better understand and improve our website. These third parties may collect your IP address or device identifier on the date you visit a site as well as the number of visitors to our site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visit. For more information, see
“How Google uses data when you use our partners’ sites or apps” and “Google Analytics and Privacy”
opens in a new tab
.
To authenticate your computer: We use these technologies to gather information such as IP address and browser type to authenticate you and your computer and to detect and prevent fraud.
For security and verification: We use these technologies to help us maintain security and verify your details while you navigate from page to page on our website, which enables you to avoid having to re-enter your details each time you enter a new page.
To personalize content: We use these technologies to remember how you’ve customized your use of our website, such as your preferred currency and time zone, and to personalize your experience on our website and mobile application.
To improve your user experience: We use these technologies to collect information about your activity on our website so we can better understand and improve your user experience on our website. An example of this is a cookie that recognizes if your browser supports specific technology features. This helps, for example, in enabling faster downloading of large files.
How do I manage my preferences?
Please see our
AdChoices Page
for more information.
Change your privacy cookie preferences at any time, on our
Privacy Preference Centre
.
Nous utilisons des témoins (cookies) et d’autres technologies telles que les pixels espions.
Témoin
Un « témoin » est un fichier de données qu’un navigateur Web crée lorsque vous visitez un site Web. Ces données sont des renseignements sur le moment de votre visite et les pages que vous avez consultées. Ils sont placés dans votre ordinateur, téléphone intelligent ou tablette (« appareil en ligne ») sous la forme d’un petit fichier texte.
Il existe deux types de témoins utilisés par Tangerine :
1. Témoins temporaires
Il s’agit de témoins temporaires qui expirent lorsque vous quittez le site. Les témoins temporaires permettent au site Web de vous reconnaître lorsque vous naviguez entre les pages au cours d’une même session de navigation et vous permettent d’utiliser le site Web le plus efficacement possible.
2. Les témoins persistants
Contrairement aux témoins temporaires, les témoins persistants sont conservés sur votre appareil en ligne entre les sessions de navigation jusqu’à leur expiration ou leur suppression. Ils permettent donc au site Web de vous « reconnaître » à votre retour, de se souvenir de vos préférences et de vous personnaliser des services. Ce type de témoin est également utilisé dans le cadre de notre procédure de vérification de votre identité afin de protéger vos opérations bancaires contre les personnes non autorisées.
Pixels
Les pixels espions fournissent des renseignements sur la façon dont vous interagissez avec notre site web, notre appli mobile et nos courriels. Par exemple, les pixels peuvent être utilisés pour déterminer si un courriel a été ouvert ou transféré et quelle partie du courriel a été consultée. Ces technologies peuvent communiquer avec des serveurs pour obtenir des images et d’autres contenus et pour transmettre des renseignements sur l’adresse IP utilisée pour accéder à notre site et des renseignements sur votre navigateur. Nous pouvons utiliser les renseignements obtenus par le biais de ces technologies pour vous proposer des publicités ciblées dans la rubrique « Qu’est-ce que la publicité ciblée par centres d’intérêt ».
Les raisons pour lesquelles nous utilisons ces technologies
Pour recueillir des renseignements statistiques : Ces technologies nous aident à collecter et à évaluer des renseignements statistiques sur la façon dont vous utilisez notre site Web afin de nous aider à améliorer notre site Web, nos produits et nos services.
Pour mesurer l’engagement : Nous utilisons ces technologies pour mieux comprendre les comportements des clients sur notre site Web afin de développer des stratégies d’engagement pour mieux vous servir et vous permettre de naviguer plus facilement sur notre site Web et de trouver des renseignements sur nos produits et services.
Pour faire de la publicité ou des offres : Nous utilisons ces technologies pour diffuser des publicités et des offres de Tangerine adaptées à vous, ou qui pourraient vous intéresser, sur des sites Web tiers.
Pour effectuer des analyses : Nous pouvons utiliser des services d’analyse Web tels que Google Analytics pour nous aider à analyser la façon dont les visiteurs utilisent notre site Web, afin que nous puissions mieux comprendre et améliorer notre site Web. Ces tiers peuvent collecter votre adresse IP ou l’identifiant de votre appareil à la date à laquelle vous visitez un site, ainsi que le nombre de visiteurs de notre site, l’origine des visiteurs et les pages qu’ils visitent. Pour obtenir plus de renseignements, voir
« Comment utilisons-nous les informations collectées via les sites ou applications qui font appel à nos services ? » et « Google Analytics et la confidentialité »
opens in a new tab
.
Pour authentifier votre ordinateur : Nous utilisons ces technologies pour recueillir des renseignements tels que l’adresse IP et le type de navigateur afin de vous authentifier, vous et votre ordinateur, et de détecter et prévenir la fraude.
Pour la sécurité et la vérification : Nous utilisons ces technologies pour nous aider à maintenir la sécurité et à vérifier vos données lorsque vous naviguez d’une page à l’autre sur notre site Web, ce qui vous permet d’éviter de devoir saisir à nouveau vos données chaque fois que vous accédez à une nouvelle page.
Pour personnaliser le contenu : Nous utilisons ces technologies pour nous souvenir de la façon dont vous avez personnalisé votre utilisation de notre site Web, comme votre devise et votre fuseau horaire préférés, et pour personnaliser votre expérience sur notre site web et notre application mobile.
Pour améliorer votre expérience utilisateur : Nous utilisons ces technologies pour recueillir des renseignements sur vos activités sur notre site Web afin de mieux comprendre et d’améliorer votre expérience utilisateur sur notre site web. Un exemple de ceci est un témoin qui reconnaît si votre navigateur prend en charge des fonctionnalités technologiques spécifiques. Cela permet, par exemple, d’accélérer le téléchargement de fichiers volumineux.
Comment puis-je gérer mes préférences?
Pour obtenir plus de renseignements, veuillez consulter notre page
AdChoices
.
Modifiez vos préférences de témoins à tout moment dans notre
Centre de préférences pour la protection de la vie privée
.
By clicking "Accept All", you understand and agree that we and our partners may use cookies and other similar technologies on our sites. These technologies may collect information about you, including browsing patterns, to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. Click "Manage Preferences" to change or deny the use of optional cookies. To learn more about changing your preferences at any time, please click the following link.
Policy
Manage Preferences
Accept All
Privacy Preference Centre
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, in the form of cookies or other similar technologies. This information might be about you, your preferences, or your device, and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. You can choose not to allow some types of cookies and other similar technologies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change your settings; however, blocking some of these technologies may impact your site experience and the services we are able to offer.
Policy
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function, or are used for security and fraud prevention, and cannot be switched off. They are usually only set in response to your actions that amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in, filling in forms or browsing our site. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not work.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count site visits and web-traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. If you do not allow these cookies, we will not know when you have visited our site, will not be able to monitor its performance, and may not be able to assist you with specific issues you may encounter.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies and similar technologies may be set through our site by us and our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant advertisements on other sites. They also allow us to measure the effectiveness of our online advertising and to share information related to applications, or acquisition of our products or services, with these companies. This type of data is, in turn, provided back to us in an aggregated form. These technologies do not store directly identifiable personal information but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these technologies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label