Privacy Policy
Learn about the information we collect and how it's handled.
RocketRoute Limited (“We”, “RocketRoute”, “our”, or “us”) are committed to protecting your (“you” or “your”) personal data, handling it responsibly, and respecting your privacy.
This policy covers the personal data that we collect whenever you interact with us, including when you visit our website or use the
applications
(together the “Apps”) featured on it and when you correspond with us (such as by email or over the phone). It also covers personal data that we may receive from third parties.
The sections below explain in more detail:
the types of personal data we collect from you
the types of personal data we receive from third parties
why we process your personal data
who we share your personal data with
personal data transfers outside of the EEA
how long we retain your personal data and security
your rights to withdraw your consent and to object (including to direct marketing)
your other personal data rights
how to contact us and exercise your rights
Personal data RocketRoute collects from you
We collect personal data from your interactions with us, such as when you engage with our websites and apps, [attend a RocketRoute event], or when you email or phone us.
The personal data we collect from you includes:
the name and contact details that you provide at the time of making an enquiry when you register as a user with us and complete forms on our Apps
subscribe to our services
search for a product or place an order on our Apps
participate in discussion boards or other social media functions
enter a competition, promotion, or survey, and when you report a problem with our Apps.
your financial and credit card information, personal description, aircraft details
your flying qualifications and flight planning data
RocketRoute FlightPlan mobile app collects location data to enable flight data recording and detect take-off and landing times even when the app is closed or not in use.
Personal data RocketRoute receives from third parties
Sometimes we receive personal data from third parties, in particular:
you may have asked someone to subscribe to our services on your behalf
software tell us how you engage with our Apps
data specialists provide us with insights about our members, based on their own aggregated data sets
government and law enforcement authorities may provide us with personal identification and background information when they are involved in official inquiries
Why RocketRoute processes your personal data
This section explains the reasons why we process your personal data and our legal basis for doing so.
Consent
If you’ve opted-in to receive information and offers relating to RocketRoute and our commercial partners (for example by ticking a box on one of our websites or apps), then we’ll provide this information to you by email, post, app notification, or phone. Click here for a list of our
current RocketRoute partners
.
We also rely on your consent to process information about your use of our websites, apps, and social media sites, so that we can improve your browsing experience and deliver online advertising that is relevant to you (for more information, click here to see our Other Information Collection Policy.
Wherever we rely on your consent to process personal data, you have a right to withdraw that consent.  Click here for information on how to contact us and
exercise your rights
.
Legitimate interests
We process your personal data when necessary to pursue our legitimate interests in the following:
to notify you about changes to our services;
to provide you with information about other goods and services we offer that are similar and to provide you with the information, products, and services that you request from us or which are complementary to those that you have already purchased or enquired about;
to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us;
to provide you, or permit selected third parties to provide you, with information about goods or services we feel may interest you. If you are an existing customer, we will only contact you by electronic means (e-mail or SMS) with information about goods and services similar to those that were the subject of a previous sale or negotiation of a sale to you. If you are a new customer, and where we permit selected third parties to use your data, we (or they) will contact you by electronic means only if you have consented to this. Once you have given your consent, if you no longer want us to use your data in this way you will need to contact us at support@rocketroute.com so that we can remove you from this list or alternatively you can follow the unsubscribe option contained in each marketing communication;
to ensure that content from our Apps is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer or device.
to make suggestions and recommendations to you and other users of our Apps about goods or services that may interest you or them and as part of our efforts to keep our Apps safe and secure;
to administer our Apps and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data;
to improve our Apps to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner to allow you to participate in interactive features of our services when you choose to do so;
to measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others and to deliver relevant advertising to you;
to facilitate the necessary and proper recording and registration of flight planning and flight tracking services.
You have a right to object to any processing that we undertake for our legitimate interests. Click here for information on how to contact us and
exercise your rights
.
Contract
We process your personal data when necessary for contractual reasons, such as to administer your account registration and to provide the products and services that you have requested.
Legal obligation
We are legally required to process your personal data in cases where we need to respond to certain requests by government or law enforcement authorities.
Who RocketRoute shares personal data with
We will share your personal data with the following recipients:
commercial partners, so they can advise us on how best to communicate with you on their behalf.  We do not give your data to partners for them to communicate with you directly. Click here for a list of our
current partners
.
third party suppliers involved in data insights; website hosting; advertising; systems maintenance; database management; identity checking; payment processing; delivery logistics;
government authorities to assist with their official requests and comply with our legal obligations
our advisers and any new owners of the business (in the event our business is sold or integrated with another business)
Personal data transfers outside of the EEA
The EEA includes all EU countries, as well as Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway.  Some of the third parties that we share personal data with, may need to transfer personal data outside of the EEA, for example to the United States of America.  Click here to see a list of the
third parties
we share personal data with.
Where your personal data is transferred to a country outside of the EEA and that country is not subject to an EU adequacy decision, we will ensure your data is protected by appropriate safeguards (for example, EU-approved standard contractual clauses, a Privacy Shield certification, or a supplier’s Binding Corporate Rules).  A copy of the relevant safeguard can be provided for your review on request – click here for information on how to contact us and
exercise your rights
.
How long RocketRoute retains personal data and security
We retain personal data about your membership for as long as your account remains active, and for 5 years after (in case you decide to reactivate your membership or have queries about it).
We retain personal data relating to your subscriptions for 5 years from the date of the relevant transaction.  This is to understand your booking preferences and to meet our legal and contractual obligations.
Where you have asked us not to send you direct marketing, we keep a record of that fact to ensure we respect your request in the future.
We also retain information with the potential to give rise to legal disputes for 7 years from the expiry or termination of any contracts.
We seek to use reasonable organizational, technical, and administrative measures to protect personal information within our organization.  Unfortunately, no data transmission or storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.  If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure (for example, if you feel that the security of any account you might have with us has been compromised), please immediately notify us of the problem by contacting us. Click here for information on how to contact us and exercise your rights.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the Internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorized access.
Your rights to withdraw consent and to object (including to direct marketing)
Wherever we rely on your consent to process personal data, you always have a right to withdraw that consent.  Click here to see the situations where we rely on
your consent
.
You also have the right to object to any use of your personal data for direct marketing purposes, as well as to processing that we undertake based on our legitimate interests.
Your other personal data rights
In addition to your rights to withdraw your consent and to object, you have the right to ask us:
for access to information about your personal data or for a copy of your personal data
to correct or delete your personal data
to restrict (i.e. stop any active) processing of your personal data
to provide you with certain personal data in a structured, machine-readable format and to transmit that data to another organisation
These rights may not always apply, for example, if fulfilling your request would reveal personal data about another person, or if you ask us to delete information which we are required by law to keep or have a compelling legitimate interest in keeping.  If this is the case then we’ll let you know when we respond to your request.
How to contact us and exercise your rights
The easiest way to stop receiving information from us is by notifying us at support@rocketroute.com.
We will send you an email confirmation to let you know that your data has been deleted from our Marketing records. Also if you object to any data processing provided by us, you can notify us at
gdpr@rocketroute.com
.
We will do our best to assist with any queries you have about your personal data.  You can contact us at any time using the contact details below.  When you do so, please provide your full name, your preferred contact information, and a summary of your query
RocketRoute LTD
White Building Studios
1-4 Cumberland Place
Southampton, Hampshire SO15 2NP
If you consider our use of your personal information to be unlawful, you have the right to complain to an EU data protection authority where you live, work or where you believe a breach may have occurred. This is likely to be the Information Commissioner’s Office in the UK (please see further information on their website: www.ico.org.uk).
The information set out in this policy is provided to individuals whose personal data we process as data controllers, in compliance with our obligations under Articles 13 and 14 of the General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679.
This privacy policy was last updated on 21 August 2018.
We suggest that you check back here for updates, as we will update this policy from time to time. By continuing to use the Apps after such changes have been made, you acknowledge and agree you have read, understood, and accepted the changes.