Home
Galcon 2
Forums
Games
Support
Create Account
Sign In
Galcon 3: the third --
join the party
Terms of Service and Policies
Privacy Policy
All messages and interactions with the forums, games, chat, or any other features may be logged.  These interactions will be disclosed at the discretion of the owners of this website.  For secure or private communication, you must use some other service.  Your gameplay logs contain your username and become public data.  The gameplay logs are used for high score leader boards, replays, product improvement, and public analysis.  Most data is stored indefinitely.
Game Play
By playing this game you warrant that you will not send any messages that are obscene, vulgar, sexually-oriented, hateful, threatening, or otherwise violate any laws.  You agree to abide by the principles of good sportsmanship and fair play.
Access to the game is subject to your compliance to these rules. The owners of this website have the right to disable any account for any reason. Refunds will not be issued for disabled accounts.
Virtual Stuff
Virtual stuff includes virtual currency ("Galcoins", "Gems", or any in-game currency), user accounts, and virtual items (anything else obtained in-game.)  Virtual stuff may be purchased in-game with real money or obtained in-game through other means.  Virtual stuff has no value.  Selling virtual stuff outside of the game is prohibited.
Lost virtual stuff may not be recovered.  Virtual stuff may be lost for many reasons including: disabled accounts, banned accounts, server error, server shutdown, or any other reason.  Refunds will not be issued for lost virtual stuff.
Age Requirements
All users under the age of 16 may not create an account or access the online components of this game or website.
Forum Rules
Although the administrators and moderators of this forum will attempt to keep all objectionable messages off this forum, it is impossible for us to review all messages. All messages express the views of the author, and neither the owners of the forum or the developers will be held responsible for the content of any message.
By using this forum you warrant that you will not post any messages that are obscene, vulgar, sexually-oriented, hateful, threatening, or otherwise violate any laws.
The owners of this forum have the right to remove, edit, move or close any topic for any reason.  The owners of this website have the right to disable any account for any reason.
Misc
These policies may be subject to change without notice.  You can find the latest version of the policies at
https://www.galcon.com/policy/
.  You may contact
support@galcon.com
with any questions about our terms of service and policies.
Copyright © 2025
Phil Hassey
.  All rights reserved.
|
RSS Feed
|
Contact Us
|
Our Policies
[2 ms]