Privacy Policy
GammaLateral LLC PRIVACY POLICY
Effective date: October 28, 2018
GammaLateral LLC ("GammaLateral", "we", "our" or "us") respects the rights and our obligations regarding the privacy and personal information of our users ("users" or "you"). This Privacy Policy (the "Policy") describes the ways we collect, store, use, and manage the information, including personal information, that you provide or we collect in connection with any GammaLateral game provided on a mobile platform (collectively, the "Service"). Please note that the scope of this Policy is limited to information collected or received by GammaLateral through your use of the Service. GammaLateral is not responsible for the actions of third party people or companies, the content of their sites, the use of information you provide to them, or any products or services they may offer. Any link to those sites does not constitute our sponsorship of, or affiliation with, those people or companies. As used herein, the term "use" shall mean use, access, play, install, sign into, connect with, download, visit or browse our Sites or Services. By using the Service, you are expressing your agreement to this Policy and the processing of your data, including your personal information, in the manner provided in this Policy. You should not use our Services if you do not agree with this Policy.
HOW WE COLLECT AND USE INFORMATION
GammaLateral collects information as described below. GammaLateral's primary goals in collecting and using information is to provide Services to you, improve our Service, conduct research and create reports for internal use. We store only a limited information about game stats in our in house servers.
IOS AND ANDROID PLATFORMS
We may collect and record certain information such as your unique device ID, hardware type, media access control ("MAC") address, the version of your operating system ("OS"), your device name, and your location (based on your Internet Protocol ("IP") address). This information is useful to us for troubleshooting and helps us understand usage trends.
CUSTOMER SERVICE
We may collect your email address when you contact our customer service group and we may use that email address to contact you about your gaming experience with GammaLateral games.
COOKIES
Cookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your computer’s hard drive. We use “cookies” to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some options of our Service.
THIRD PARTY SERVICES
Our services may contain third party tracking tools from our service providers, examples of which include AppLovin, Google Analytics, and GameAnalytics. Such third parties may use cookies, APIs, and SDKs in our services to enable them to collect and analyze user information on our behalf. The third parties may have access to information such as your device identifier, Media Access Control ("MAC") address, International Mobile Equipment Identity ("IMEI"), locale (specific location where a given language is spoken), geo-location information, and IP address.
HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We may use the information we collect through your use of the Services for a variety of purposes, primarily related to providing and improving the quality of our Services. For example, we may use the information we collect in the following ways:
- Analyzing trends and user traffic to improve our Service;
- Notifying you of products, new products, services, features, promotions, enhancements, and updates, including in-game updates, loyalty and rewards programs, and updates to the Services and Privacy Policy;
- Marketing our products and/or services to you regarding new, improved or existing products;
- Resolving site problems; handling or responding to customer support questions and issues;
- Tracking purchases and usage information;
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
GammaLateral does not share your personal information except as approved by you or as described below:
- We may release your information as permitted by law or when we believe that release is appropriate to comply with the law; enforce or apply our rights; or protect the rights, property, or safety of us or our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection.
- If you opt-in or otherwise agree to have your information shared with a third party for marketing purposes, we will share you information with the third party (or third parties) in which case the third party’s use of your information is subject to the third party’s own privacy policy.
- We may share your information with third party companies that perform services on our behalf, including data analysis and marketing services. While providing the services for us, these companies may access your personal information, and are required to use it solely as directed by us for the purpose of our requested service.
- In the event that GammaLateral undergoes a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition, corporate divestiture or dissolution (including bankruptcy), or a sale of all or a portion of its assets, we may share, disclose or transfer all of your information, including personal information, to the successor organization in such transition.
HOW WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SECURE
GammaLateral takes commercially reasonable security measures to protect against unauthorized access to, or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of, sensitive data that you share and we collect and store. Although we make good faith efforts to store the information collected on the Service in a secure operating environment that is not available to the public, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of that information during its transmission or its storage on our systems. Further, while we attempt to ensure the integrity and security of our network and systems, we cannot guarantee that our security measures will prevent third-party "hackers" from illegally obtaining access to this information. We do not warrant or represent that your information will be protected against, loss, misuse, or alteration by third parties.
YOUR CHOICES REGARDING YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We offer you choices regarding the collection, use, and sharing of your personal data and certain anonymous data.
- Changes to Personal Data. You may request deletion of your Personal Data by us, but please note that we may be required to keep this information and not delete it (or to keep this information for a certain time, in which case we will comply with your deletion request only after we have fulfilled such requirements). When we delete any information, it will be deleted from the active database, but may remain in our archives.
CHILDREN UNDER AGE OF 16
We do not intentionally gather personal data from users who are under the age of 16. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 16, we will delete that information as quickly as possible.
CHANGES TO THE POLICY
We reserve the right to change this Policy at any time. If we decide to change this Policy, we will post those changes on this page and update the date at the top of the page. The changes will be effective when posted. Please check this page on a regular basis so that you remain aware of what information we collect and how we use it.
CONTACT INFORMATION
If you have any questions about this Policy, please contact us at support@gammalateral.com.