In this Privacy Policy we explain:
The ways we collect personal data about you and why we do so
How we use your personal data, and
The choices you have about your personal data.
This Privacy Policy applies to all of Alienforce's games, websites and other related services, collectively the “Services”.
The personal data we collect
Data you provide us
Your email address
Player nickname
Other data you choose to give us
Data we collect automatically
Your IP address and mobile device identifiers (such as your device's advertising ID, MAC address)
Data about your device, such as device name and operating system, browser type and language
Data we collect with cookies and similar technologies (see more below)
Coarse location data (country or city-specific)
Data we collect from our partners
Data we receive if you link a third-party tool with the Services (such as login using your Facebook or Google account)
Demographic data (such as to determine the coarse location of your IP address)
Data to fight fraud (such as refund abuse in games)
Data from platforms that the games run on (such as to verify payment)
Data for advertising and analytics purposes
Partners working for Alienforce
Alienforce has partners to perform certain services for us. These partners process your data only at and according to Alienforce’s instructions in order to provide the Service, such as hosting, player support, advertising, analytics and fraud prevention.
Alienforce Partners
Links to the privacy policy of third-party service providers used by the Alienforce's Service
Google Play Services
AdMob
Appodeal
Unity
Yandex
Why we collect your data
To make the Services work (performance of contract)
Create accounts and allow you to play our games and use our Services
Operate the Services
Provide and deliver products and services you request
Send you communication related to the Services
To make the Services more enjoyable for our players (legitimate interests)
We collect and process necessary data to
Update and develop player profiles
Develop and improve the Services and player experience
Manage our relationship with you
Provide social features as part of the Services
Customize your Services experience
Respond to your comments and questions and provide player support
Provide you offers in the Services related to other Alienforce's products and services
Send you related information, such as updates, security alerts, and support messages
Enable you to communicate with other players
To show personalized advertisements (legitimate interests or consent depending on applicable jurisdiction)
We collect, process and transfer to our third-party partners personal data to:
Track the content you access in connection with the Services and your online behavior
Deliver, target and improve our advertising and the Services
To keep the Services safe and fair
Ensuring a level playing field in the Services is a top priority for us.
In order to keep the Services and their social features safe and fair, to fight fraud and ensure acceptable use otherwise, we have a legitimate interest to process necessary data to:
*Analyze and monitor use of the Services and its social features
*Moderate chats either automatically or manually
*Take action against fraudulent or misbehaving players
To analyze, profile, and segment
In all of the above cases and purposes, we may analyze, profile and segment all collected data in anonymized form.
With your consent
With your consent, we may process your data for additional purposes, such as using your location based on your IP address to show you local events.
Who can see your data
Apart from Alienforce, your data can be accessed by others in the following situations:
Other players and users
Social features are a core component of our games. Other players and users may, for example, see your profile data, in-game activities and read the messages you have posted.
Other companies and public authorities
We may also disclose your data based on your consent, to comply with the law or to protect the rights, property or safety of us, our players or others.
Advertising and social media partners
The Services include features from our partners, such as social media interaction tools and in-game advertising. A list of these partners is available at
Alienforce Partners
section of this document. These partners may access your data and operate under their own privacy policies. We encourage you to check their privacy policies to learn more about their data processing practices.
International data transfers
Our Services are global by nature and your data can therefore be transferred to anywhere in the world. Because different countries may have different data protection laws than your own country, we take steps to ensure adequate safeguards are in place to protect your data as explained in this Privacy Policy. Adequate safeguards that our partners may use include standard contractual clauses approved by EU Commission and the Privacy Shield certification in case of transfers to the USA
Your rights and options
Opt-out of targeted advertising
You can always opt-out of directed advertising in our games by checking the privacy settings of your device. Please review your device’s user manual on how to do so. For more information, see also
Alienforce Partners
section of this document
Access the personal data we hold about you
If you request, we will provide you a copy of your personal data in an electronic format.
Your rights and options
Opt-out of targeted advertising
You can always opt-out of directed advertising in our games by checking the privacy settings of your device. Please review your device’s user manual on how to do so. For more information, see also
Alienforce Partners
section of this document
Access the personal data we hold about you
If you request, we will provide you a copy of your personal data in an electronic format.
Your other rights
You also have the right to correct your data, have your data deleted, object how we use or share your data, and restrict how we use or share your data. If certain personal data is processed based on consent given by you, such consent can also be withdrawn by you at any time, for example in the applicable game's settings.
We will respond to all requests within a reasonable timeframe. If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact your local data protection authority within the European Economic Area for unresolved complaints.
Cookies and similar technologies
Like most online services, we and our partners use cookies and similar technologies to provide and personalize the Services, analyse use, target advertisements and prevent fraud. You can disable cookies in your browser or device’s settings, but some parts of the Services may then not function properly.
How do we protect your data
Security Safeguards
In order to help ensure a secure and safe player experience, we are continuously developing and implementing administrative, technical and physical security measures to protect your data from unauthorized access or against loss, misuse or alteration.
We do not sell or share your email address with any third-party.
Data retention
We retain your data for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you the Services. We will for example periodically de-identify unused game accounts and we regularly review and de-identify unnecessary data.
Note that if you ask us to remove your personal data, we will retain your data as necessary for our legitimate business interests, such as to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Advertising
Advertising in our apps is provided by a number of third party ad networks.
Please be aware that any information provided as a result of your interaction with these ads or links  in
Alienforce Partners
section of this document will not be governed by our privacy & cookie policy. Ads may redirect you away from our app, and our privacy & cookie policy will no longer apply outside of our app. We cannot be responsible for the privacy of any information you provide whilst outside of our app, or any information provided to any of these third parties.
Changes to this privacy policy
Alienforce  has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using our apps, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our apps. Your continued use of the apps following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at: support@realchess.club
Last updated on  Dec 10, 2022