Home
Media
About Us
Apps & Games
Brands
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy governs your use of Application/Games on a mobile device that was created by one of your favorite Developer/Publisher AppOn Software Pvt Ltd referred as AppOn. The Application includes various features to improve user experience on a mobile device.
AppOn enforces strict Privacy Policies to protect your rights and maintain the following.
Privacy Practices:
1. No Spyware Policy:
The Application does not collect or transmits personally identifiable information and does not monitor your personal use of the Application.
2. Full control:
You have full control over the Application and can modify your preferences at any time. You can easily deactivate or close the application at any time.
3. Easy uninstall:
Mobile app users can easily uninstall the mobile app at any time by using the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network.
4. Report:
If you have a reason to believe that your rights have been infringed upon while using the Application, please contact AppOn via email at: support@appon.co.in . Once your e-mail is received, AppOn team will review it to ensure that the privacy practices provided herein are enforced.
5. USE OF INFORMATION COLLECTED:
AppOn may use your Personal Information to send you messages about our company or our features, products or services, or promotional material from some of our partners, or to contact you when necessary unless you have not consented to allow AppOn to use your data.
AppOn also may use your Personal Information and Non-Personal Information, both individually or combined together, for editorial and feedback purposes, for marketing and promotional purposes, for statistical analysis of users behavior, for product development, for content improvement, for customer support and technical support, to manage and provide the Services, and to customize content and layout of the Services.
Names, postal and e-mail addresses and phone numbers collected may be added to our databases and used for future calls and mailings regarding site updates, new products and services, upcoming events and the status of orders placed online.
AppOn does not sell or rent your Personal Information to third-parties for marketing purposes without your consent. AppOn may share your Personal Information you provide with AppOn subsidiaries and related companies. AppOn may share Personal Information with business partners that assist AppOn in providing you services. AppOn is committed to giving you the choice of whether or not AppOn uses your information for marketing purposes or shares information with business partners.
Third Party Data Policy
1.	This app contains a software development kit (SDK) from a third party, Red Brick Lane Marketing Solutions Private Limited (RBL). The SDK is integrated with this app for the purposes of profiling the device on media consumption and other device data and utilizing the same to target relevant content and ads to the device ('Services') pursuant to the terms and conditions of RBL Services ('Terms of Use'). Further details can be obtained at http://www.zapr.in/privacy.
2.	If you do not wish for RBL to identify television, radio and other offline content viewing around your mobile device, please opt out of all RBL Services via the following link: http://www.zapr.in/privacy.
3.	RBL does not collect any personally identifiable information or audio/video/image/contact files from your mobile device. For any questions or clarifications please reach out to privacy@zapr.in.
4.	RBL also automatically receives and tracks certain data about your mobile device (such as your device-type, installed software and language preference) or desktop interface, your taps and interests; and may create a unique device or user ID for you. In some cases RBL can automatically detect or infer your location using GPS, your IP address, watermarks and/or Bluetooth, but often your operating system will require you to grant RBL permission to access your GPS or Bluetooth settings; please refer to your device's system settings regarding location services.
Privacy Practices:
BY INSTALLING, USING OR OTHERWISE ACCESSING THE APPLICATION FROM ANY DEVICE, MOBILE OR OTHERWISE, YOU ARE AGREEING TO ABIDE BY THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY.
* The Privacy Policy is subject to change/modify anytime, at our sole discretion without prior notice, so do visit this page periodically to review the most current version of our Privacy Policy.
Effective: April 2012 (Everyone)