We use cookies to improve your browsing experience
We use cookies and similar technologies for optimal site operation and to improve user experience, analyze site traffic and for personalized advertising. By clicking “Accept All” or turning on an option found in “Manage Cookie Preferences”, you agree to this as outlined in our
Privacy Policy
. At any time, you can change your cookie preferences by clicking “Manage Cookie Preferences” or withdraw your consent altogether by clicking “Decline All”.
Manage Cookie Prefences
Reject All
Accept All
Cookie
__cf_bm
Duration
1 hour
Description
This cookie, set by Cloudflare, is used to support Cloudflare Bot Management.
Cookie
_GRECAPTCHA
Duration
6 months
Description
Google Recaptcha service sets this cookie to identify bots to protect the website against malicious spam attacks.
No cookies to display.
Cookie
vuid
Duration
1 year 1 month 4 days
Description
Vimeo installs this cookie to collect tracking information by setting a unique ID to embed videos on the website.
No cookies to display.
No cookies to display.
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last updated: December 3, 2021
The Enghouse Group includes the affiliates and subsidiaries of Enghouse System Limited, based in Ontario, Canada (hereafter, “
Enghouse
”, “
We
” ““
Our
” and/or “
Us
”). More information about Enghouse is available at
https://www.enghouse.com/company/corporate-profile/
.
Enghouse serves a number of distinct vertical markets through its business segments, each developing and selling enterprise-oriented applications software, using a variety of electronic devices, software applications, and other services (collectively, the “
Enghouse Services
“).
Enghouse is committed to safeguarding the privacy of Our partners, distributors, resellers, customers and users of Our websites, protecting the Personal Information that you may share with Us and urges you to take every precaution to protect Your Personal Information when you are online. When We need to collect Your Personal Information to provide services that you request, for other legitimate business interests or when you choose to provide us with Your Personal Information, this Privacy Policy (“
Policy
”) describes how We collect use and disclose Personal Information (as defined below) about you when you use any Enghouse Services that link to this Policy. This Policy describes how We collect, use, and disclose Personal Information (as defined below) about you when you use any Enghouse Services that link to this Policy.
COLLECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
“Personal Information” is any information or a combination of pieces of information that can reasonably permit you to be identified, or that can reasonably be linked to you. Information that is aggregated or de-identified so it is no longer reasonably associated with an identified or identifiable natural person is not Personal Information and may be used for any business purpose.  Personal Information collected by Enghouse may include the following:
Name, gender, date of birth
Contact details for Your work and personal details, such as IP address, email address, postal address and/or telephone number
Your role, position and/or job title within Your employment
We collect Personal Information about you from a variety of sources. We collect information from you directly (e.g., when you contact Us), automatically, (e.g., data collected via cookies and similar technologies when you use the Enghouse Services), and from other sources, including commercially available sources, such as public databases (where permitted by law). We collect, process and use Your Personal Information by using a range of different means which include whenever you:
interact with the Enghouse Services or otherwise use them to access Our products and services;
order products and services from Us;
use the Enghouse Services to contact Us for customer support;
register for a whitepaper, case study, webcast, newsletter, or other download;
register to attend a seminar or participate in an online survey;
ask to be included in an email, newsletter or mailing list;
submit an entry for a promotion;
submit, review and follow up on applications for employment positions at Enghouse; or
submit Your Personal Information to Us for any other reason.
Profile information
You may complete an optional customer registration profile, which may include Your name, gender, birth date, contact phone number and any additional optional information you choose to provide.
Communications
We may also collect information you provide in Your communications to Us, such as when you respond to polls or surveys, or contact Us with a question, comment, or request. You may choose to provide Us with certain information when you fill out a form, submit a request to Us respond to a survey or participate in promotions or contests.
Information We collect from Your use of the Enghouse Services
Usage information
We collect Personal Information when you use or otherwise interact with Our website(s). We collect this information across the various devices, applications, and other tools via which you access and interact with Enghouse.
Device information
We collect certain technical information about Your device, such as Your IP address, device type, device model and manufacturer, device identifier and Your device operating system type and version, and browser type and version.
Information We collect from other sources
We may receive additional information about you from third party advertisers. We may supplement the information We collect with information received from data suppliers and commercially available resources (e.g., additional contact information).
Categories of information We collect
The information We collect via the methods described above includes:
Identifiers
: For example, Your name, email address, , phone numbers, username, IP address, and online identifiers.
Online activities
: For example, browsing and search history; interactions with web or other digital content; whether you open, interact with, or forward Our electronic communications; and how you interact with advertisements offered by Us or third parties.
Inferences
: As noted above, We may use the information We collect to identify Your potential preferences.
HOW WE MAY USE PERSONAL INFORMATION
Enghouse may use Personal Information for the following purposes, under the legal base(s) claimed for such use:
Personalize Your experience on the website;
Helping to develop and improve Our software, products and services;
Detecting fraudulent activities more efficiently;
Internal audits and data analysis;
Respond to Your enquiries and fulfil Your requests, for example reply to a comment or question;
Keep you updated with information about Our products and services;
Provide you with updates, news and announcements concerning Our products and/or promotions;
Send you marketing materials where you have consented to receive them.
Log Files
Enghouse may automatically collect certain information and store it in log files and such information may consist of IP (Internet Protocol) addresses, date and time stamp of access, language, referring page, log-in details, and other data. We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information. Log Files will also help Us ensure security.
Operating the Enghouse Services
We use Personal Information to identify whether products and services are available in Your region. We use information to provide and improve the Enghouse Services, identify and troubleshoot errors, and analyze the Enghouse Services.
Improving the Enghouse Services
We analyze information about how you use the Enghouse Services to provide an improved experience for all users.
Communicating with you
We may use Your Personal Information to communicate with you, for example if We are providing information about changes to the terms and conditions, to issue security alerts or reminders, or if you contact Us with questions.
Marketing
We may use Your Personal Information to learn about the interests of Our target audiences and place you into particular marketing segments and to appropriately personalize the marketing messages We send to you. We may also use Your identifiers to send you marketing communications about the Enghouse Services and other products or services that may be of interest to you, subject to any consent that may be required under applicable law.  This may include information regarding services and offers associated with (i) Our affiliates (within the Enghouse Group) and (ii) Our reseller partners (collectively, “third party business partners”).  We will not require you to consent to receive marketing as a condition of receiving the Enghouse Services, and you may withdraw any consent you have provided at any time.
Personalized Advertising and Re-marketing
Enghouse uses Personal Information to:
serve you with targeted advertising that may interest you, based on Your device activity and inferred interests;
measure the effectiveness of targeted advertising, and
understand the usage of Our Services.
Exercising Our rights
We may use Your Personal Information to exercise or protect Our legal rights where it is necessary to do so, for example to detect, prevent and respond to fraud claims intellectual property infringement claims or violations of law or Our terms and conditions to respond to requests from law enforcement or other third parties, and to secure the Enghouse Services.
Complying with Our obligations
We may process Your Personal Information to comply with legal or regulatory requirements, where this is required by law, such as in response to court orders or to comply with privacy or financial regulations.
Customizing Your experience
When you use the Enghouse Services, We may use Your Personal Information to improve Your experience, such as by providing interactive or personalized elements and providing you with content based on Your interests.
Protecting against harm
We may use Personal Information as necessary to protect the rights and safety of Us, You, or others.
HOW WE MAY SHARE PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT WITH OTHERS
We may disclose certain Personal Information with Our service providers, business partners or affiliates, or by selling it to third parties where such sales are compliant with applicable law. As used in this Policy, the “sale” of Personal Information refers to sharing Your Personal Information with a third party for monetary or other valuable consideration, subject to any exceptions under applicable law. We may share Personal Information with advertisers, digital advertising companies, and other entities that support digital advertising activities.  These third parties may have rights to use the information noted below for their own purposes, which is why We treat such a disclosure as a sale, even though no money changes hands.
The disclose of certain Personal Information with Our service providers may include:
Identifiers
: g. Your name, email address, postal address, username, IP address, and online identifiers.
Online activities
: g. interactions with web or other digital content; whether you open, interact with, or forward Our electronic communications; and how you interact with advertisements offered by Us or third parties.
Personal Information We disclose
To support Our business purposes, We disclose Your Personal Information to service providers and business partners who are data processors. We disclose Your Personal Information with Our service providers that perform business services and/or operations on Our behalf or under Our instructions. For example, We may partner with other companies to optimize Enghouse Services, perform analytics, send Our newsletters white papers and marketing emails, support email and messaging services, administer Our promotions, provide targeted advertising services as a processor to Enghouse, and provide contests and surveys. Some of Our service providers or business partners may engage their own service providers or business partners to further assist Us. Unless otherwise specified, We require these companies to use Personal Information only for the purposes described in this Policy. We may share Your Personal Information (such as, email address, first and last name) within the Enghouse Group companies (affiliates and subsidiaries). All these Enghouse entities are governed by this Policy and bound by appropriate confidentiality agreements.
Legal and regulatory requirements
We may share the information We collect, including any Personal Information. We reserve the right to disclose any Personal Information We have about you with law enforcement or to otherwise comply with any statutory or regulatory requirement or the order of a court or other public authority agency, regulator, government authority or other third party if We determine it is necessary to comply with a requirement, or to protect or defend Our rights or the rights of a third party.
Legal basis for processing Your Personal Information if you are in the EEA
If you use the Enghouse Services in the EEA, We must have a legal basis to process Your Personal Information for the purposes above, including data received from social media platforms, data received from other sources used for statistics or. There are different legal bases that We rely on to use Your Personal Information, namely:
Executing a contract
: The use of Your Personal Information may be necessary to contact you concerning the administration and operation of the Enghouse Services.
Consent
: We will rely on Your given consent (please note You may withdraw Your consent at any time by following an unsubscribe link in any marketing communication you receive from Us) to use
technical information; and
Your Personal Information for marketing and advertising purposes.
Legitimate interests
: We may use Your Personal Information for Our legitimate interests to improve Our products and services. These improvements are dependent on analyzing (for example) how you use the Services, the success rate(s) of any promotion or event, transactional data and customer interactions. We will also use Your Personal Information for security purposes, and to share information with Our affiliates for internal administration based on legitimate interest.
Legal obligation and public interest
: Where compelled by applicable law, We may also have a legal obligation to collect Your Personal Information or may otherwise need Your Personal Information to protect Your vital interests or those of another person.
Your choices and Your rights over Your Personal Information
If you have registered for an account with Enghouse you can help to ensure that Your Personal Information is accurate and up to date by logging into Your account. You may unsubscribe from marketing communications by clicking the “Unsubscribe” link at the bottom of an email, or clicking the “Unsubscribe” button available at the bottom of any electronic communication We may send to you. You may also unsubscribe from any medium of communication by contacting Us using the information set out in the ‘Contact Us’ section below. Please note that even if you opt-out of receiving marketing communication, We may continue to send you non-marketing emails and other types of communications, as permitted by law, such as response to Your support requests, or service email relating to Your account. You are not required to provide any information to Us that is unnecessary to provide the Enghouse Services. You may control the use of cookies at the browser level. If you choose to disable cookies, it may limit Your use of certain features or functions on Our Services. For more information on how We use cookies and how you can manage them please see Our Cookie Policy.
To review, correct, update, erase, object or otherwise limit Our use of Your Personal Information that has been provided to Us, or request portability or other rights you may have in your jurisdiction, and/or details of Your Personal Information held by Us, please contact Us using the contact information listed below in the ‘Contact Us’ section and describe Your request clearly.
If you are visiting an Enghouse website from the EEA or any other jurisdiction with laws similar to the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), you may have certain rights, in accordance with applicable domestic law and limitations, including:
Right to restrict Our use of Your Personal Information;
Right to rectify the Personal Information We hold about you;
Right to access Personal Information: Users exercising this right may request access to the categories and specific pieces of their Personal Information We hold;
Right to data portability: Users exercising this right may receive their Personal Information in a usable electronic format and transmit it to a third party;
Right to object to Our use of Your Personal Information;
Right to disclosure: Users exercising this right can receive additional information regarding the sources from which We collect information, the purposes for which We collect and share Personal Information, the information of theirs We hold, and the categories of parties with whom We share their information;
Additional Rights of California, USA resident
Right to opt-out of sales: You may register Your opt-out (Do Not Sell My Personal Information) by (a) clicking
here
[INSERT LINK] or (b) clicking on the link located in the footer at the bottom of each web page.
Right to know about processing of Personal Information: If you reside in California, USA, you may request that We inform you of the categories of Personal Information We have collected about you; the categories of sources from which We collected the information; Our purpose for collecting or selling the information; and the categories of third parties with which We share personal information.
Right to learn about certain disclosures: If you reside in California, USA and have provided Your personally identifiable information to Us, you may request information once per calendar year about Our disclosures of certain categories of Your personally identifiable information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes.  Such requests must be submitted to Us in writing at the following email address: privacy@enghouse.com; and
Right to be free from discrimination: California residents may freely exercise these rights without fear of being denied goods or services. We may, however, provide a different level of service or charge a different rate reasonably relating to the value of Your data.
You may in some cases have the option to decline providing Us information. However, Your choice to not provide information may impact Your use of certain features or services. You may also have other rights in relation to Your Personal Information under local law. In the event you reside in such a jurisdiction and would like to exercise one of Your rights, please contact Us at
privacy@enghouse.com
. Please note that We may require additional information from you to honor Your request, and We may decline Your request as permitted under applicable law. If contacting Us does not resolve Your complaint, you may have the right to make a complaint to Your data protection authority (if one exists in Your country).
Third party Websites
The Enghouse Services may contain links to websites not owned or controlled by Enghouse. We encourage you to be aware of these other third-party websites and their privacy statements, as We cannot control and are not responsible for privacy policies or practices of third-party websites. This Privacy Policy applies solely to the information collected by Enghouse.
Data Retention
Enghouse will retain any Personal Information it collects for as long as We have a relationship with you. After that time, We will only retain Your Personal Information if We are required to do so to comply with local law, or if there are outstanding claims or complaints that will reasonably require Your Personal Information to be retained. We may also anonymize and aggregate the data and retain the data in that form for analytical purposes.
Security
Enghouse will use reasonable and appropriate technical, administrative and physical safeguards designed to ensure a level of security appropriate to the risk to the Personal Information We collect. We evaluate these safeguards on an ongoing basis to help minimize risks from new security threats as they become known. However, no information system can be 100% secure. Moreover, We are not responsible for the security of information you transmit to Us over networks that We do not control, including the Internet and wireless networks. It is Your responsibility to make sure that Your Personal Information is accurate, and We encourage you to ensure that Your password is unique, secure and not shared with third parties.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data that is stored on the user’s hard drive containing information about the user. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on Our website
.
Once the user closes their browser, the cookie terminates. By setting a cookie on Our website, the user would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while using Our site. In the case where a user rejects the cookie, the user may still use Our website. However, by rejecting cookies, users will be limited in some areas of Our site. For example, they will not be able to participate in Our personalized portals. Cookies can also enable Us to track and target the interests of Our users to enhance the experience on Our website. Please read Our Cookie Policy which follows below.
Social Media
In case you interact with Enghouse via social media networks such as LinkedIn, Facebook, Twitter, and any other similar types of social media, you agree that Enghouse may collect information from You. While We shall collect the information accordingly with the social media’s policy and requirements, We may use such information for reasons such as the improvement of Our Services to the You and to other users, to inform You of Our Product suite and offers, and to contact You. You can choose to opt-out at any time.
Do Not Track Signals
We do not currently respond to web browser “do not track” signals or other mechanisms that provide a method to opt out of the collection of information across websites or other online services.  If We do so in the future, We will update this privacy policy.
Children and Privacy
This website does not target and is not intended to attract children under the age of thirteen (13). Enghouse does not knowingly solicit Personal Information from children who are not at least 16 years old, nor does Enghouse send them requests for Personal Information. If a parent or guardian believes that Enghouse has in its database the Personal Information of a child under the age of 16, please contact Us at
privacy@enghouse.com
and We will remove the information from Our records.
Changes in the Policy
We may update this policy from time to time. The effective date of the current Privacy Policy is noted at the top of this page. We may notify you in writing where We materially change these terms, for example, by posting a banner on the Services, however We encourage you to periodically check this Policy so that you are aware of any changes and/or updates that are made.
Additional Links
This web site may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that We are not responsible for the privacy practices of such third-party sites. We encourage Our users to be aware when they leave Our site and to read the privacy statements of those sites.
How to Contact Us
If you would like to contact us in relation to this Policy or in connection to the Personal Information we may collect or process about you please contact us at
privacy@enghouse.com
COOKIES POLICY
Last Updated:  December 3, 2021
Enghouse Systems Limited (“Enghouse,” “we,” “our,” or “us”) maintain our websites including
https://www.enghouse.com
,
https://www.enghouseinteractive.com
,
https://www.enghousenetworks.com
and our other related websites and other services (collectively, the “Enghouse Services”). We, along with our vendors, use a variety of technologies to learn more about how people use the Enghouse Services. you can find out more about these technologies and how to control them in the information below and by reviewing our Privacy Policy
here
.
Enghouse may use cookies and similar technologies such as cookie IDs and settings, and tracker software tools (“cookies”) from time to time. Some parts of Enghouse’s website use cookies to track how you use and/or navigate around the website. We do this in order to determine how useful the website’s information is to users, how effective the navigational structure is in helping users reach that information.
you will be notified about the use of cookies when you first visit our website. If you prefer not to receive cookies, you can set your browser settings so that cookies are disabled. Certain actions on our website require the use of cookies so you may not be able to fully enjoy our website should you choose to disable cookies. Enghouse may use its own cookies or third-party cookies.
Subject to local law, you may have certain rights regarding information that we have collected from cookies and that is related to you. We encourage you to contact us to update or correct your information if it changes or if you believe that any information that we have collected about you is inaccurate. Please note that we will likely require additional information from you in order to honor your requests. If
you would like to discuss or exercise such rights, send us an email at privacy@enghouse.com. Alternatively, you may have a right to complain to your local data protection authority (if one exists in your country).
Cookies used by Enghouse
We use both session and persistent tracking technologies. Tracking technologies can either be persistent (i.e., they remain on your computer until you delete them) or temporary (i.e., they last only until you leave the site). We also use first and third-party cookies. First party cookies are used and controlled by us to provide services for the Services. Third-party cookies are controlled by third parties, mostly for analytics purposes.
We and our third-party service providers or business partners may collect information about you automatically through the use of cookies and similar technologies, including information over time and across different websites or online services.  We may collect such information when you access content,
advertising
, sites, interactive widgets, applications, and other products (both on and off of our Enghouse Services) where our data collection technologies (such as web development tools,
cookies and other technologies
) are present, including in the emails we send to you. We use browser cookies and similar technologies such as cookie IDs and settings, and tracker software tools (collectively, “cookies”) to collect and store certain information when you use, access or interact with Enghouse Services. These data collection technologies allow us to understand your activity on and off our Enghouse Services and to collect and store information when you interact with Enghouse Services. We automatically collect information from cookies and similar technologies to recognize you, learn how you interact with the Enghouse Services and use your devices, and to serve you with surveys, and other marketing content. you may limit our ability to automatically collect certain types of information by adjusting the cookie settings on your web browser.
Our Services use the following categories of cookies:
Strictly Necessary Cookies
These are cookies which are needed to provide services and features you have specifically requested. We may use cookies and tracking technologies for system administration. We are not required to obtain your consent for cookies that are strictly necessary.
Analytics Cookies
We may use cookies to assess the performance of Our Services, including as part of Our analytics practices to improve the selection of content recommended to you through the Services. These cookies allow Us to count visits and traffic sources, so We can measure and improve the performance of Our site. They help Us know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies, we will not know when you have visited our site.
Functional Cookies
We may use cookies to tell us, for example, whether you have visited the Services before or if you are a new visitor and to help Us identify the features in which you may have the greatest interest. These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalization.  If you do not allow these cookies, then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Targeting Cookies
We may use cookies to deliver content, including ads, relevant to your interests on Our Services.
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant ads on other sites. They do not store personal information directly but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
You have the choice whether to accept the use of cookies. Most browsers are initially set up to accept HTTP cookies. The “help” feature of the menu bar on most browsers will tell you how to stop accepting new cookies, how to receive notification of new cookies and how to disable existing cookies. Controlling the HTML5 local storage on your browser depends on which browser you use. For more information regarding your specific browser please consult the browser’s website (often in the Help section). Please note, however, that without HTTP cookies and HTML5 local storage, you may not be able to take full advantage of all the features of Our Services, and some parts of the Services may not function properly.
You can withdraw your consent to the use of these cookies in whole or part, at any time, by deleting placed cookies and disabling cookies in your browser.
Cookies and Tracking Technologies Used on Our Services
Table A below sets out details of the individual cookies and tracking solutions that We use with our devices, website and applications, including mobile applications, and the purposes for which we use them.
We provide the chart in Table A as a courtesy for all users independent of any rights you may have to consent to the use of cookies, otherwise.  We are not obligated to maintain or update it, nor do We warrant it will be up-to-date, or the linked third-party information will be up-to-date when you view it. We are not responsible for third-party sites and their privacy practices as they relate to any opt-outs from tracking activities that may exist on these sites, many of which may not be compliant for users on our sites who are from the European Economic Area. Table A contains a list of third-parties that collect information from you on Our Services and that have provided notices where you may obtain information on their policies and practices and in some instances, opt-out of certain of their activities directly.
TABLE A
Cookie
Function/Description
PHPSESSID
This cookie is native to PHP applications. The cookie stores and identifies a user’s unique session ID to manage user sessions on the website. The cookie is a session cookie and will be deleted when all the browser windows are closed.
cookieyes-consent
CookieYes sets this cookie to remember users’ consent preferences so that their preferences are respected on subsequent visits to this site. It does not collect or store any personal information about the site visitors.
BIGipServer*
Marketo sets this cookie to collect information about the user’s online activity and build a profile about their interests to provide advertisements relevant to the user.
rc::a
This cookie is set by the Google recaptcha service to identify bots to protect the website against malicious spam attacks.
rc::c
This cookie is set by the Google recaptcha service to identify bots to protect the website against malicious spam attacks.
elementor
The website’s WordPress theme uses this cookie. It allows the website owner to implement or change the website’s content in real-time.
UserMatchHistory
LinkedIn sets this cookie for LinkedIn Ads ID syncing.
visitorId
ZoomInfo sets this cookie to identify a user.
ugid
Unsplash sets this cookie to enable the video content on the website.
vuid
Vimeo installs this cookie to collect tracking information by setting a unique ID to embed videos on the website.
__cf_bm
Cloudflare set the cookie to support Cloudflare Bot Management.
ugid
Unsplash sets this cookie to enable the video content on the website.
pll_language
Polylang sets this cookie to remember the language the user selects when returning to the website and get the language information when unavailable in another way.
warmly_
Warmly Chatbot’s cookie.
_cfuvid
Calendly sets this cookie to track users across sessions to optimize user experience by maintaining session consistency and providing personalized services
MUID
Bing sets this cookie to recognise unique web browsers visiting Microsoft sites. This cookie is used for advertising, site analytics, and other operations.
MSPTC
Bing sets this cookie to recognise unique web browsers visiting Microsoft sites. This cookie is used for advertising, site analytics, and other operations.
MR
This cookie, set by Bing, is used to collect user information for analytics purposes.
_mkto_trk
This cookie, provided by Marketo, has information (such as a unique user ID) that is used to track the user’s site usage. The cookies set by Marketo are readable only by Marketo.
_gcl_au
Google Tag Manager sets the cookie to experiment advertisement efficiency of websites using their services.
_ga
Google Analytics sets this cookie to calculate visitor, session and campaign data and track site usage for the site’s analytics report. The cookie stores information anonymously and assigns a randomly generated number to recognise unique visitors.
_gid
Google Analytics sets this cookie to store information on how visitors use a website while also creating an analytics report of the website’s performance. Some of the collected data includes the number of visitors, their source, and the pages they visit anonymously.
_gat_UA-*
Google Analytics sets this cookie for user behaviour tracking.
_ga_*
Google Analytics sets this cookie to store and count page views.
visitorId
ZoomInfo sets this cookie to identify a user.
lidc
LinkedIn sets the lidc cookie to facilitate data center selection.
li_gc
Linkedin set this cookie for storing visitor’s consent regarding using cookies for non-essential purposes.
_hjSessionUser_*
Hotjar sets this cookie to ensure data from subsequent visits to the same site is attributed to the same user ID, which persists in the Hotjar User ID, which is unique to that site.
_hjSession_*
Hotjar sets this cookie to ensure data from subsequent visits to the same site is attributed to the same user ID, which persists in the Hotjar User ID, which is unique to that site.
demdex
The demdex cookie, set under the domain demdex.net, is used by Adobe Audience Manager to help identify a unique visitor across domains.
_hjTLDTest
To determine the most generic cookie path that has to be used instead of the page hostname, Hotjar sets the _hjTLDTest cookie to store different URL substring alternatives until it fails.
_hjFirstSeen
Hotjar sets this cookie to identify a new user’s first session. It stores the true/false value, indicating whether it was the first time Hotjar saw this user.
u
This cookie is used by Bombora to collect information that is used either in aggregate form, to help understand how websites are being used or how effective marketing campaigns are, or to help customize the websites for visitors.
test_cookie
doubleclick.net sets this cookie to determine if the user’s browser supports cookies.
bcookie
LinkedIn sets this cookie from LinkedIn share buttons and ad tags to recognize browser IDs.
_uetsid
Bing Ads sets this cookie to engage with a user that has previously visited the website.
_uetvid
Bing Ads sets this cookie to engage with a user that has previously visited the website.
ssi
This cookie is set by SiteScout and stores a unique ID that identifies a returning user’s device. The ID is used for targeted ads.
dpm
The dpm cookie, set under the Demdex domain, assigns a unique ID to each visiting user, hence allowing third-party advertisers to target these users with relevant ads.
ab
Owned by agkn, this cookie is used for targeting and advertising purposes.
IDE
Google DoubleClick IDE cookies store information about how the user uses the website to present them with relevant ads according to the user profile.
_li_dcdm_c
LiveIntent sets this cookie to register user behaviour and navigation on the website, as well as any interaction with active campaigns. This information is used for optimizing advertisements and efficient retargeting.
_lc2_fpi
LiveIntent sets this cookie to assign a unique device identifier, enabling targeted advertising.
lidid
This cookie is used to collect data on user behaviour and interaction to make advertisement on the website more relevant.
Third Party Sites
Enghouse’s websites may contain links to third-party customer or product vendor sites. Enghouse does not share your Personal Information with those websites and is not responsible for their privacy practices. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of those companies.
Some of the third-party sites that this website links to may be co-branded with an Enghouse entity logo, even though they are not operated or maintained by Enghouse. Although, we choose our business partners carefully we disclaim responsibility for the privacy practices of websites operated by third parties and we are not in a co- or joint-controller relationship with any of those partners. Once you have left this website, you should check the privacy policy of the third party website to determine how your data will be handled and how information is collected from you.
Contact Us
For any queries in relation to this Cookies Policy please contact us at
privacy@enghouse.com