Breaking News
Trinidad and Tobago's weather: Breezy, chance of showers
Temporary traffic disruption: Don Miguel Road
Nursing Association calls for clarity on Cuban Healthcare Partnership
Donatella to step aside as creative director of Versace
Indarsingh questions WASA CEO over attendee limit at meeting
POS air quality remains 'unhealthy' for sensitive groups
Over TT$250M worth of cocaine seized from shipping vessel
Weekend water supply interruptions for parts of North-east Trinidad
Overnight 3.5 earthquake recorded near Port of Spain
Police seize marijuana during operation in Beetham Gardens
Trinidad and Tobago's weather: Breezy, chance of showers
Temporary traffic disruption: Don Miguel Road
Nursing Association calls for clarity on Cuban Healthcare Partnership
Donatella to step aside as creative director of Versace
Indarsingh questions WASA CEO over attendee limit at meeting
POS air quality remains 'unhealthy' for sensitive groups
Over TT$250M worth of cocaine seized from shipping vessel
Weekend water supply interruptions for parts of North-east Trinidad
Overnight 3.5 earthquake recorded near Port of Spain
Police seize marijuana during operation in Beetham Gardens
‹
›
Friday Mar 14
0°C
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Welcome to Loop's Privacy Notice.
At Trend Media Limited, we respect your privacy and we are committed to protecting your personal data and earning your trust. This privacy notice is to give you clarity and transparency on the ways we may use your personal data.
Our goal is for you to understand i) how we look after your personal data when you visit or interact with our Loop websites or android and iOS applications and ii) your privacy rights and how the law protects you.
This Privacy Notice applies to all interactions with our android and iOS applications, available only through Google Play and App Store, respectively (collectively referred hereinafter as “Application”), and the following Loop websites and any related webpages (hereinafter referred as “Websites”):
Loop TT -
https://tt.loopnews.com
Loop Jamaica -
https://jamaica.loopnews.com
Loop Cayman -
https://cayman.loopnews.com
Loop St Lucia -
https://stlucia.loopnews.com
Loop Barbados -
https://barbados.loopnews.com
Loop Haiti -
https://haiti.loopnews.com
Loop Caribbean -
https://caribbean.loopnews.com
Loop Advertising -
https://loopadvertising.trnd.ly/
1. Scope of This Notice and Who We Are
Who we are
We are
Trend Media Limited
, a company registered under the laws of Jamaica, with registered office at 14 Ocean Boulevard, Kingston.
Trend Media Limited (referred to as “Trend”, “Trend Media, "we", "us" or "our" in this privacy notice) is a digital media, strategy and advertising agency in the Caribbean that owns and operates several news, journalism and content sharing websites and mobile applications. We are a subsidiary of the Digicel Group of Companies.
Purpose of this Privacy Notice
This Privacy Notice aims to give you information on how Trend Media collects and processes your personal data through your use of our Loop application or website. This includes any data you may provide through our application or website when you register, browse or utilise our services within the application or via the website, take part in a promotion or competition, or get in contact with us.
Personal data is collected for all users of the website and application. We do not knowingly collect data from or about individuals under the legal minimum age without the permission of their parent or guardian. When we do collect that data, we might do it directly, like when you sign up for a service or initiate a transaction. We might also collect it automatically if your child uses the products or services we offer.
Different products and services collect different kinds of data. It is important that you read this Privacy Notice together with any other privacy, customer or regulatory notices we may provide for specific products and services, and on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing personal data about you, so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your data. This privacy notice supplements other Trend notices and Digicel privacy notices and is not intended to override them.
Controller
Trend Media Limited is the Data Controller of data collected solely for and through the use of the Loop application and website.
We have a Privacy Team responsible for handling all enquiries in relation to Trend Media’s privacy practices. If you have any questions about this privacy notice, including any requests to exercise your legal rights, you may contact our Privacy Team using the details set out below.
Contact details
For all queries regarding this privacy notice or our privacy practices, please contact the Privacy Team in the following ways:
Full name of legal entity: Trend Media Limited
Email address:
privacy@digicelgroup.com
Postal address: 14 Ocean Boulevard, Kingston, Jamaica
Attn: Legal & Regulatory Department (Privacy)
Depending on the market or territory within which you reside, you may have the right to make a complaint to your regulator of privacy rights or data protection issues. However, we would appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach your regulator, so please contact us in the first instance.
Changes to the privacy notice and your duty to inform us of changes
We endeavour to keep our privacy notice under annual review. This version was last updated on
1st June, 2023.
It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us.
Third-party links
Our Loop application and website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites, plug-ins or applications and are not responsible for their privacy statements. Where necessary, we will provide a notice and link to the third party’s notice. When you leave our application or website, we encourage you to read the privacy notice of every other application and website you visit.
2. The Data We Collect About You
Personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. Depending on your country or market, this definition may extend to personally identifiable information for individuals who have been deceased for less than thirty (30) years.
Personal data shall not be extended to or include any data where identifiable information has been removed (anonymous data) or an individual’s identity is not ascertainable from the data set, whether on its own or combined with other known information.
We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you, which we have grouped together as follows:
Identity Data
includes full name; personal brand name; username or similar identifier.
Contact Data
includes email address; telephone numbers.
Financial Data
includes payment card details; any other information provided for the provision of payment services, administration and billing processes.
Transaction Data
includes details about payments to and from you; other details of products and services, advertising plans and/or subscriptions you have purchased from us.
Job-related contact and (work) organisation data
includes your company’s name.
Technical Data
includes internet protocol (IP) address; your login data; unique device ID; browser type and version; location; browser plug-in types and versions; device model and settings; operating system and platform; software development kits (SDKs); other technology on the devices you use to access our application or website.
Profile Data
includes your username; password; interests, and preferences.
Usage Data
includes information about how you use our website or application, products and services, such as the page(s) visited before and after visiting website; traffic data; communication data; the pages accessed within the website; the services, products or features used the most; the videos that are streamed and ads that are viewed or clicked.
Marketing and Communications Data
includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties and your communication preferences.
Any Other Volunteered Information
shared through comments on articles on the website or in the application, which you understand and acknowledge as information made public by you.
Other Data
deemed necessary for any of the purposes noted under Section 4, which may be collected from our Internal and External Third Parties, as defined in the Glossary, with or upon your consent.
We also collect, use and share Aggregated Data such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose.
Aggregated Data
could be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data in law as this data will not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate your Usage Data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific application or website feature. However, if we combine or connect Aggregated Data with your personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this privacy notice.
We do not intentionally seek to collect any
Special Categories of Personal Data
about you (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health, and genetic and biometric data). Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.
If you fail to provide personal data
Where we need to collect personal data by law, or under the terms of a contract we have with you, and you fail to provide that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you (for example, to provide you with goods or services). In this case, we may have to cancel a subscription, product or service you have with us but we will notify you if this is the case at the time.
3. How Is Your Personal Data Collected?
We use different methods to collect data from and about you including through:
Direct interactions.
You may give us your Identity and Contact Data by filling out online forms or by corresponding with us via post, phone, email, or otherwise. This includes personal data you provide when you:
browse, use or subscribe to our services or products available;
sign-up or create an account on our application or website;
interact with our application or website, including posting comments;
request marketing to be sent to you;
enter a competition, promotion or survey, provide feedback, or respond to communications from us (such as SMS, emails, questionnaires); or
contact us and provide your information via any online support desk, customer call centres or our physical locations.
Automated technologies or interactions.
As you interact with our application and our website, we will automatically collect Technical Data about your equipment, browsing actions, in-app and web activity and patterns. We collect this personal data by using application permissions where applicable, cookies, software development kits (SDKs), and other similar technologies. Some of these technologies may also receive Technical Data about you if you visit other websites. Please see our
cookie notice
for further details.
Third parties or publicly available sources.
To assist us in providing you with the best experience, we may receive and/or share any personal data about you deemed necessary for any of the purposes noted under Section 4. Generally, we receive or share your personal data from and/or with various public sources, and our Internal, External and Specific Third Parties, as defined in the Glossary, with or upon your consent.
4. How We Use Your Personal Data
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:
Where we need to perform the contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you.
Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
Where we need to comply with a legal obligation such as law enforcement disclosures, or meeting regulatory obligations that are subject to strict internal policies and procedures (such as retention periods).
Where you provide consent to the use of your information. Consent may be withdrawn at any time by notifying us or by terminating or cancelling your Service with us.
Purposes for which we will use your personal data
We have set out below, in a table format, a description of all the ways we plan to use your personal data, and which of the legal bases we rely on to do so. We have also identified what our legitimate interests are, where appropriate.
Note that we may process your personal data for more than one lawful ground depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your data. Please contact us if you need details about the specific legal ground we are relying on to process your personal data where more than one ground has been set out in the table below.
Table 1: Purposes for use of your personal data
Purpose/Activity
Type of data
Lawful basis for processing including basis of legitimate interest
To register you as a new customer for a product and/or service
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Job-related contact and (work) organisation data
(a) Performance of a contract with you
(b) Consent
To process and deliver your order including:
(a) Manage payments, fees and charges
(b) Collect and recover money owed to us
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Financial
(d) Transaction
(e) Marketing and Communications
(a) Performance of a contract with you
(b) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to recover debts due to us)
(c) Consent
To manage our relationship with you which will include:
(a) Notifying you about changes to our terms or privacy notice
(b) Asking you to leave a review or take a survey
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Marketing and Communications
(a) Performance of a contract with you
(b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
(c) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to keep our records updated and to study how customers use our products/services)
(d) Consent
To enable you to partake in a prize draw, competition or complete a survey
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Usage
(e) Marketing and Communications
(a) Performance of a contract with you
(b) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them and grow our business)
(c) Consent
To administer and protect our business and our application and website (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data)
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Technical
(a) Necessary for our legitimate interests (for running our business, provision of administration and IT services, network security, to prevent fraud and in the context of a business reorganisation or group restructuring exercise)
(b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
(c) Consent
To deliver relevant application and website content and advertisements to you and measure or understand the effectiveness of the advertising we serve to you
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Usage
(e) Marketing and Communications
(f) Technical
(a) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them, to grow our business and to inform our marketing strategy)
(b) Consent
To use data analytics to improve our application and website, products/services, marketing, customer relationships and experiences
(a) Technical
(b) Usage
(a) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to define types of customers for our products and services, to keep our application and website updated and relevant, to develop our business and to inform our marketing strategy)
(b) Consent
To make suggestions and recommendations to you about goods or services (i.e. advertising plans and/or subscriptions) that may be of interest to you
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Technical
(d) Job-related contact and (work) organisation data
(e) Usage
(f) Profile
(g) Marketing and Communications
(a) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to develop our products/services and grow our business)
(b) Consent
Marketing
We strive to provide you with choices regarding certain personal data uses, particularly around marketing and advertising.
Promotional Offers From Us
We may use your Identity, Contact, Technical, Usage and Profile Data to form a view on what we think you may want or need, or what may be of interest to you. This is how we decide which products, services and offers may be relevant for you (we call this marketing).
You will receive marketing communications from us if you have requested information from us or purchased goods or services (including advertising plans and/or subscriptions) from us and you have not opted out of receiving direct marketing communications.
Third-Party Marketing
We will get your express opt-in consent before we share your personal data with any third party for marketing purposes.
Opting Out
You can ask us to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by following the opt-out links or directions on any marketing message sent to you, or by contacting us at any time.
Where you opt out of receiving these marketing messages, this will not apply to personal data provided to us as a result of a product/service purchase, product/service experience or other transactions.
Cookies
Cookies are small text files placed on your computer, tablet or smartphone, by websites you visit, generally used to make websites function efficiently.
You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this website may become inaccessible or not function properly. For more information about the cookies we use, please see Cookie Notice.
Change Of Purpose
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If you wish to get an explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please contact us.
If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
Please note that we may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law.
5. Disclosures Of Your Personal Data
We may share your personal data with the parties set out below for the purposes set out in the Table 1: Purposes for use of personal data above.
Internal Third Parties as set out in the Glossary.
External Third Parties as set out in the Glossary.
Specific Third Parties as set out in the Glossary.
Third parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer or merge parts of our business or our assets. Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. If a change happens to our business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this privacy notice.
We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
6. International Transfers
We share your personal data within entities throughout the Digicel Group of Companies.
Whenever we transfer your personal data out of the country of origin, however, we ensure a similar degree of protection is afforded to it by ensuring at least one of the following safeguards is implemented:
We will only transfer your personal data to countries that have been deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for personal data.
Where we use certain service providers, we may use specific contracts that ensure an adequate level of protection through the use of technical and organizational measures.
Please contact us if you want further information on the specific mechanism used by us when transferring your personal data internationally.
7. Data Security
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
8. Data Retention
How Long Will You Use My Personal Data For?
We will only retain your personal data for as long as reasonably necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or reporting requirements. We may retain your personal data for a longer period in the event of a complaint or if we reasonably believe there is a prospect of litigation in respect to our relationship with you.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or other requirements.
Where you have decided to withdraw the consent you have given, we will delete your personal data unless we are required to keep it for the reasons explained herein. We may need to keep a piece of your contact information e.g. email address, in our records, so we know that you have withdrawn your consent and therefore ensure we honour your choice.
Details of retention periods for different aspects of your personal data are available in our retention schedule which you can request from us by contacting us at
privacy@digicelgroup.com
.
9. Your Legal Rights
In some countries and under certain circumstances, you have rights in relation to your personal data. You may have the right to:
Request access
to your personal data (commonly known as a "data subject access request"). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
Request correction
of the personal data that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us.
Request erasure
of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have successfully exercised your right to object to processing (see below), where we may have processed your information unlawfully or where we are required to erase your personal data to comply with local law. Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request.
Object to processing
of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights and freedoms.
Request restriction of processing
of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in the following scenarios:
If you want us to establish the data's accuracy.
Where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it.
Where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims. In order to exercise any such legal claim, we may require a court or administrative order, subpoena or other such legal or regulatory proclamation.
You have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.
Request the transfer
of your personal data to you or to a third party. We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you.
Withdraw consent at any time
where we are relying on consent to process your personal data. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact the Group Privacy Team at
privacy@digicelgroup.com
.
What we may need from you
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
Time limit to respond
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within sixty (60) days. Occasionally it could take us longer than sixty (60) days if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
10. Glossary
i. LAWFUL BASIS
Legitimate Interest
means the interest of our business in conducting and managing our business to enable us to give you the best service/product and the best and most secure experience. We make sure we consider and balance any potential impact on you (both positive and negative) and your rights before we process your personal data for our legitimate interests. We do not use your personal data for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law). You can obtain further information about how we assess our legitimate interests against any potential impact on you in respect of specific activities by contacting us.
Performance of Contract
means processing your data where it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party or to take steps at your request before entering into such a contract.
Comply with a legal obligation
means processing your personal data where it is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation that we are subject to.
ii. THIRD PARTIES
Internal Third Parties
Other companies in the Digicel Group may act as joint controllers or processors, and may provide IT and system administration services, and/or process personal data through leadership reporting. The list includes:
Data Controllers/ Digicel Affiliates
Territory
Wireless Ventures (Anguilla) Ltd.
Caribbean Cable Communications (Anguilla) Ltd.
Anguilla
Antigua Wireless Ventures Limited
Antigua & Barbuda
New Millennium Telecom Services N.V T/A Digicel Aruba
Aruba, Netherland Antilles
Digicel (Barbados) Limited
Digicel Caribbean Limited
Barbados
The Bermuda Telephone Company Ltd.
Telecommunications (Bermuda and West Indies) Ltd.
Bermuda
Digicel Suriname N.V.
Suriname
Antilliano Por N.V. T/A Digicel Bonaire
Bonaire
Digicel (BVI) Limited
British Virgin Islands
Digicel SVG Limited
St. Vincent & The Grenadines
Digicel Panama S.A
Panama
Digicel (Cayman) Limited
Cayman Islands
Digicel (Trinidad & Tobago) Limited
Trinidad & Tobago
Curacao Telecom N.V. T/A Digicel Curaçao
Digicel Bonaire Antilliano Por N.V.
Santa Barbara Utilities N.V. T/A Tres Networks
Curaçao
Wireless Ventures (Dominica) Limited
Dominica
Digicel S.A. de C.V.
El Salvador
Digicel (Grenada) Limited
Grenada
U-Mobile Cellular Inc
Guyana
Unigestion Holding S.A
Haïti
Digicel (Jamaica) Limited
Jamaica
Caribbean Cable Communications (Montserrat) Limited
Montserrat
Digicel (St Lucia) Limited
Prism Services Holdings Limited
St. Lucia
Digicel Antilles Françaises Guyane
Idom Technologies SAS (c/o Digicel Antilles Françaises Guyane)
Digicel French Caribbean
Martinique
Southern Caribbean Fiber
Digicel Investments France
Guadeloupe
Digicel St. Kitts Wireless Ventures (St. Kitts & Nevis )
Limited T/A Digicel St. Kitts & Nevis
St. Kitts & Nevis
Digicel Turks and Caicos Ltd
Caicos Television Holdings Ltd
Turks and Caicos Islands
External Third Parties
Service providers acting as processors who provide IT and system administration services.
Professional advisers acting as processors or joint controllers including lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers who provide consultancy, banking, legal, insurance and accounting services.
Relevant regulators and other authorities as required by law (that may be acting as processors or joint controllers), who may require reporting of processing activities in certain circumstances.
Specific Third Parties
Third Party
Services
Microsoft Azure (Microsoft Corporation)
Data storage provider
Parse.ly (WPVIP Inc.)
Google Analytics (Google LLC)
Web analytics and content optimization
Silverstone Pty Ltd.
Swrve Inc.
Branch Metrics Inc.
Vuukle Ltd
Customer Experience (CX) engagement vendor
MParticle, Inc.
Customer data platform
Firebase (Google LLC)
Application development vendor (analytics & performance management tool)
JW Player (Longtail Ad Solutions, Inc.)
Video management software
Qualtrics International, Inc.
Experience management software
Google Play Console (Google LLC)
Android developer/ Digital distribution service
Apple Connect (Apple, Inc.)
Apple developer/ Digital distribution service
Beyond Words_IO
Frictionless text-to-speech publishing
Google Ad Manager (Google LLC)
Integrated Advertising management
Meta Platforms, Inc.
User analytical data storage
mediarithmics SAS
Digital and data marketing cloud application
Smart AD d.o.o.
Creative advertising agency
pubGENIUS, Inc.
Full-stack web and mobile development
Hootsuite Media, Inc.
Social media marketing and management tool
Recent Articles
T&T News
POS air quality remains 'unhealthy' for sensitive groups
4 minutes ago
Crime
Over TT$250M worth of cocaine seized from shipping vessel
15 minutes ago
Politics
Rowley calls Service Commissions ‘antiquated’ and urges reform
17 minutes ago
Trending
Argument over missing groceries leads to shooting
21 hrs ago
Pieter Verkade announced as new CEO of Digicel Trinidad and Tobago
21 hrs ago
Watch: Barbados PM Mia Mottley stands by Cuban doctors, nurses
22 hrs ago
Take note: 'Unhealthy' air quality recorded in Port of Spain
23 hrs ago
We use cookies on this site to enhance your user experience
By clicking the Accept button, you agree to us doing so.
More info
Ok