Privacy Policy
atWork Time Tracking
·
Follow
4 min read
·
May 27, 2018
6
Listen
Share
Version française
🇫🇷 •
Versión en español
🇪🇸 •
Versione italiana
🇮🇹 •
Versão portuguesa
🇵🇹 •
Wersja polska
🇵🇱 •
Nederlandse versie
🇳🇱 •
Svensk version
🇸🇪 •
Dansk version
🇩🇰 •
Norsk versjon
🇳🇴 •
Suomalainen versio
🇫🇮 •
Česká verze
🇨🇿 •
Slovenská verzia
🇸🇰 •
Русская версия
🇷🇺 •
日本語版
🇯🇵 •
한국어 버전
🇰🇷 •
中文版
🇨🇳
atWork is designed to require less personal information compared to other apps. We do not share your data with any third-party tools for any reason. Additionally, atWork is fully GDPR compliant.
We believe that data transparency is an important aspect of building a healthy relationship between app makers and their users. Therefore, we kindly request you to review the relevant data privacy aspects outlined below.
What data do we collect?
Since atWork does not require an account, we do not ask for any personal data such as your real name, email address, billing address, or phone number.
When you use our contact form or send us an email, we only see your email address and the associated name. You are free to choose any email address to contact us. Alternatively, you can also seek support via X (Twitter) if you prefer not to share your email address.
How is your data stored?
By default, your data will be stored as a database locally on your device. If you activate the option, it can also be stored in your iCloud account. Please note that we do not have access to your data.
Every database in atWork can be exported as a backup copy. This backup copy includes all the information you have entered, such as entries and categories (clients, projects, tasks), along with their attributes. It also includes special days (vacation, sickness, public holidays), the list of workplaces, regular working hours, and the rules for automatic breaks.
The backup copy is a snapshot of your database at the time it was created. It has the file extension .atwork and is not password-protected. This means you can open it in the latest version of atWork on any device. It is important to keep this in mind if you plan to share it with someone else.
There are two options to backup your data:
Create a backup copy in iCloud.
Send a backup copy via email.
Share a backup copy with third-party apps such as Google Drive, Dropbox, etc.
Please note that we do not have access to your backup copy under any circumstances. Make sure to create and store it appropriately and securely.
How to get a copy of your data?
You can export your data as a CSV file and open it later on another device using applications like Apple Numbers, Microsoft Excel, Open Office, etc (Data Export functionality is an app extension). The file contains information such as entries and categories (clients, projects, tasks) with all attributes and special days. This allows you to transfer your data from atWork in a readable form as a table.
Alternatively, you can view all your data within the app itself. There is no hidden information.
How to delete your data?
To delete the database that contains all your data, you need to remove atWork from your device. If you have used the iCloud backup functionality, you should go to the Files app on your iPhone or iPad, or the Finder app on your Mac, and delete all files in the folder iCloud Drive > atWork.
What permissions does atWork have?
N
otifications
We may ask for your permission to send you notifications regarding your location updates or any relevant app features. If you prefer not to receive these types of communications, you can disable them in your device’s settings. To do so, go to Settings > atWork > Notifications. Please note that if you disable notifications completely, you will not be able to see the number of active entries indicated by the red badge on the app icon. Additionally, location-based time tracking will not function.
Location data
We may ask for permission to track location-based information from your device to provide location-based services like automatic time tracking. If you want to change access or permissions, you can do so in your device’s settings: Go to Settings > atWork > Location. In any case, your location data is stored on your device.
Calendar
We may request calendar access to import public holidays from it. You can change our access in your device's settings if you wish to change our access. Go to Settings > atWork > Calendar.
How can we offer support?
To ensure excellent customer service, we may request that you provide us with a backup copy via email. Once the issue has been clarified, the backup copy will be promptly deleted.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
We may update this privacy policy periodically. The updated version will be indicated by the “Last updated” date and will become effective as soon as it is accessible. If we make significant changes to this privacy policy, we will notify you through release notes of a new version of atWork in the App Store app or within atWork itself.
How can you contact us regarding this Privacy Policy?
If you have any questions or comments about this policy, email us at
support@atworkapp.com
.
Last updated: December 26th, 2023
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://policy.medium.com/medium-privacy-policy-f03bf92035c9?source=post_page-----547a1dc5ec29---------------------------------------:
Open in app
Sign up
Sign in
Write
Sign up
Sign in
500
Apologies, but something went wrong on our end.
Refresh the page, check
Medium’s site status
, or
find something interesting to read
.