Types of Data NOT collected
First and foremost, we respect our user’s privacy.
Explicitly, we do NOT collect and keep these data on our servers:
GPS location
Personal information
Types of Data collected
When we do collect data, it is for analytical purposes to help in improving the Application.
These data are collected:
Interactions with the Application user interface (UI) such as:
how many times you take a photo
how long you spent per session
Crashes and errors
We may also use your data for
training AI models
. For such data collection, random selected photos of your poop with the metadata (type, speed, amount and notes) will be sent to our server. These data will not be linked to your identity. It will be fully anonymous and used solely for the purpose of training AI models, helping us to identify poop properties automatically. Specifically these are the data that we may collect for training AI models:
Photos of your poop, in media format such as JPG/PNG/MOV/DNG/HEIC
Metatdata (type, speed, amount and notes) of the poop
Place of processing the Data
The Data is processed at the Data Controller’s operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved with the processing are located. The parties involved includes:
Apple
Google’s Firebase
Google’s Admob (if there are ads)
Data Retention & Deletion
You may at any time request for your data to be deleted. Consequently we will forward your request to the parties aforemention that process your data. To request a deletion, please email
support+privacy@just2us.com
.
System Logs and Maintenance
For operation and maintenance purposes, this Application and any third party services may collect files that record interaction with this Application (System Logs) or use for this purpose other than Personal Data (such as IP Address).
Changes to this privacy policy
The Data Controller reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time by giving notice to its Users on this page. It is strongly recommended to check this page often, referring to the date of the last modification listed at the bottom. If a User objects to any of the changes to the Policy, the User must cease using this Application and can request that the Data Controller remove the Personal Data. Unless stated otherwise, the then-current privacy policy applies to all Personal Data the Data Controller has about Users.
Data Controller and Owner
Any aforemention data collected will be owned by Just2us. If you have any privacy and data related enquiry, email
support+privacy@just2us.com
.
Last Modified on 12-Jul-2024