Privacy Policy
Privacy policy
Vistair Systems Limited is a private limited company, registered office Is Springfield House, 45 Welsh Back, Bristol,
BS1 4AG
,
Unite
d Kingdom
(
No:
05418081 Registered In England & Wales). This privacy policy outlines how we use any personal information we collect about you and provides a notification regarding material and information contained on our website (with particular reference to vistair.com)
Vistair website
The material and information contained on this website or in any of our mobile applications are for general information purposes only. You should not rely upon the material or information on the website or in any of our mobile applications as a basis for making business, legal or any other decisions.
Whilst we endeavour to keep the information up to date and correct, VISTAIR makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability or availability with respect to the website or the information, products or services contained on the website or app for any purpose.
VISTAIR will not be liable for any false, inaccurate, inappropriate or incomplete information presented on the website or in our mobile applications.
Although every effort is made to keep the website up and running, due to the nature of the Internet and the technology involved VISTAIR takes no responsibility for and will not be liable for the website being temporarily unavailable due to technical issues (or otherwise) beyond its control or for any loss as a result of the use of or access to, or inability to use or access this website whatsoever.
Certain links in this website will lead to websites which are not under the control of VISTAIR. When you activate these you will leave this website. VISTAIR has no control over and accepts no liability in respect of materials, products or services available on any website which is not under the control of VISTAIR.
To the extent not prohibited by law, in no circumstances shall VISTAIR be liable to you or any other third parties for any loss or damage (including, without limitation, damage for loss of business or loss of profits) arising directly or indirectly from your use of, or inability to use, this site or any of the material contained in it.
These disclaimers and exclusions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with English law.
Data protection and Privacy
VISTAIR recognizes that your privacy is important to you and is committed to respecting your online privacy. We will apply appropriate protection and management of any personally identifiable information you share with us. The information you submit will be kept confidential and with the highest standards of security once it reaches our server.
Any personal information provided by you to VISTAIR through your use of this website or any other online channel will only be used for the following purposes by VISTAIR:
Defining areas of interest to you and improving the website to meet users' habits and requirements and compiling information relating to users' movements across the website
Advising you of other products or services, which may be of interest
Providing news and information, which may be of interest
Any personal information received from you will be retained by us and not sold, transferred or otherwise disclosed to any third party. We shall also give you the opportunity to remove yourself or update your preferences from any of our mailing lists at any time.
Our mobile applications may share usage information with some 3rd party suppliers, no personal information will be shared.
This data protection and privacy policy statement relates solely to the information provided by you on this website. This information includes your registration details, any additional information you choose to submit and the information VISTAIR gathers by tracking your movements across the website.
This privacy policy is not intended to, and does not, create any contractual or other legal rights.
From 25th May 2018 when new Data Protection legislation comes into force Vistair will be categorised as a B2B communicator and will continue to abide by both Data Protection and PECR regulations. Our GDPR Policy is available upon request.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information, that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Cookies
We use "cookies" on the Vistair website. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor's hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users, in order to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site. For more information please refer to our
"Cookies Policy"
page.
Updates
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time and all updates will be posted on this page.
How to contact us
Please contact us if you have any questions about our Privacy Policy or information we hold about you:
By Email (use
info@vistair.com
)
By Mail (c/o Rob Morgan, Vistair Systems Ltd, Broadway House, Almondsbury Business Centre, Woodlands, Bristol, BS32 4QH
Cookie Policy
Vistair’s Cookie Policy is set down in the following statement. This is available on the Vistair website.