Privacy Policy
PlayGem
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the privacy practices with respect to your use of the PlayGem software application (hereinafter: "the Software") and the gaming service offered therein (hereinafter: "the Service").
This Privacy Policy constitutes part of the PlayGem Terms of Use available at https://www.playgem.coand constitutes part thereof. The Software and Service are operated by PlayGem Technologies Ltd. PlayGem technologies Ltd. is not affiliated with or endorsed by Facebook in any manner whatsoever.
DESCRIPTION OF THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
When you choose to download the Software and use the Service, you are requested to allow us to extract basic information about you from your Facebook profile (such as, gender, age, photo, etc. as well as your email address), in accordance with your privacy preferences within Facebook allowing Facebook to provide certain information about you through the Facebook API.
When you use the Software and the Service, we may collect anonymous information such as IP address, web browser, etc., to improve the functionality of the Software.
When using the Software and the Service, you may also elect to purchase "Facebook Credits" for using certain features of the Software. Please refer to our Terms of Use with respect to our policy with regard to such purchases.
WHAT WE DO WITH THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
The anonymous information collected through the Software is used for the purpose of operating the Software and improvements thereof.
The information you provide from your Facebook Profile will be displayed to other Users.
You agree that we may use your email to send you notices relating to your use of the Software and the Service (such as notices about new features, etc.). In the event that you choose to allow us to do so (in an opt-in manner), we may send emails on your behalf to the contact people in your email account or in your Facebook profile, notifying them about the Software and the Service, or send you emails notifying about our additional products and features.
While you use the Software and the Service, we may refer to your profile (including your profile name and photo) in statistics we shall publish regarding usage of the Software, offers to other Facebook users to join and play the Software and additional promotional methods as permitted and customary under the applicable policies of Facebook.
YOUR CONTROL OF THE INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE TO US
At any time, you may inspect and alter the information you provided to us through accessing the profile settings in your Facebook profile. If you have any questions in this regard, or wish to remove part or all of the information from the Service, you may contact us and we will attend to your approach and shall assist you in doing so promptly.
ACCOUNT DELETION PROCEDURE
You may request to delete your account at any time. In order to do so, please email us to support@playgem.co and state in the subject "Account deletion request".   Please state in the mail body your Facebook profile link.  Account deletion will take up to 5 business days.  Once your account is deleted,  all previous game data will be lost, and the next time you login to PlayGem Backgammon will result in new account creation.
INFORMATION SHARING PRACTICES
We do not share any information we collect (including your personal e-mail address) with third parties, unless (a) you authorized us to do so under the terms of this Privacy Policy; or (b) we believe in good faith that the disclosure of the information is required by any applicable law, regulation, court order, legal proceedings or governmental demand; or (c) it is required to handle security breach or fraud investigations, or to enforce the terms of our Terms of Use.
For the avoidance of doubt, and as detailed in the PlayGem Terms of Use, we are not related to Facebook, Inc. do not share with it any information we collect from you, and act in accordance with the applicable policies of Facebook (including Facebook's Terms of Use). If you have any questions with respect to our information sharing practices, you are welcome to contact us at support@playgem.co.
In the event that you click on a link to one of the business partners advertising its Facebook application within the Software, such third party shall receive the information about you from your Facebook profile in accordance with the applicable Facebook policies and such third party's disclosures to you when you choose to use its service.
SERVICE PROVIDERS
We share your information to others who help us provide and improve our Product. Service providers will have access to your information as reasonable necessary to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for other purposes. We use 3rd party tools providers as:
Appsflyer
Google
Facebook
Pushwoosh Inc
COOKIES
Company uses cookies to store users' preferences, and collect aggregated demographic data. You may configure your browser to accept or deny such cookies. Use the help div of your browser to learn how to disable cookies or deny cookies.
AGE REQUIREMENT
You must be at least 13 years old to use the Software. By accepting the terms of this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use presented to you before downloading or presenting the Software and while using it, you represent that you are over 13 years old. In the event that you are between the ages 13 and 18, your lawfully legal guardian must review and agree to the terms of our Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy. We will not knowingly collect personal information from a user who is younger than 13 years old and, if we have reason to believe that you are younger than 13 years old, we will delete your information from our servers.
INFORMATION SECURITY
We store and process your information on our servers in. We protect it by undertaking appropriate security measures designed to secure your information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, change or disclosure. We allow access to it only to those of our employees (or third party service providers we may engage for the sole purpose of assisting us) who need to have access to this information in order to perform their duties. While we have made reasonable technical and organizational information security measure, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to overcome those measures, and strongly recommend that you be cautious when communicating with others through the Service.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post the updated Privacy Policy on the Software, and will notify you of any material changes by email.
In the event that Company sells substantially all of its assets or is acquired, the Software and Service and all information you provide to us will be transferred to the acquiring party. In such case, the information you provide would remain subject to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy applicable to the Software and the Service at the time it was collected.
HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have any questions relating to this Privacy Policy, feel free to contact us with any query at support@playgem.co and we will answer you shortly.