Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is provided in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy and privacy-related concerns. This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason; each version will apply to information collected while it was in place. and you are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes.
We (the dbw team) provide apps on google play and App Store Such as (2048+#,藏头诗)， and this Privacy Policy is for all of them.
On 2048+# we gather the scores to get into the Leaderboard.
The following sets  information gathering, use and dissemination practices. If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy or our use of your personally identifiable information, please contact us at
cocos2dee@gmail.com
.
We do not collect personal information -- names, addresses, phone numbers, e-mail addresses, and specific location -- about you except when you specifically provide such information on a voluntary basis; for example, when you provide us with information in connection with a web site registration.
A Special Note About Children.
Children are not eligible to use our services and we ask that minors do not submit any personal information to us. If you are a minor, you can use this service only in conjunction with your parents or guardians. If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with personal identifiable Information, we will delete such information from our files. We use your email address and, in rare situations your mailing address or phone number, to contact you regarding administrative notices from time to time.
Information Collection and Use
We don't collect any personal information from you. But for your information, for Analytics we have intigrated some analytics SDK in our app as Facebook SDK. Based on Analytics data we see your uses of Apps various features and we update our app accordingly your usability and problems you faced.
Cookies
We use "cookie" technology to collect non-personal website usage data and to improve the Site and our service. Cookies are files a web site can use to recognize repeat users, and allow a web site to track web usage behavior. Cookies take up minimal room on your computer and cannot damage your computer’s files. We may use both session cookies and persistent cookies to better understand how you interact with the web site and services, to monitor aggregate usage by our users and web traffic routing on the website, and to improve the web site and our services.  Persistent cookies can be removed by following your web browser help file directions. Most Internet browsers automatically accept cookies. You can instruct your browser, by editing its options, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit.
Information Sharing Disclosure
We
do not sell or rent personal information about its customers to any third parties at this time. In the event we do engage in such commerce in the future, you will have an opportunity to remove yourself from any such lists prior to your inclusion therein by emailing us at kitegamesstudio@gmail.com. Please exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information. This web site also contains links to other web sites. Kite Games Studio Ltd. is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites.
We
uses third-party advertising companies to serve ads and the third-party advertising companies may use non-personally identifiable information  in order to provide advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to users.
Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement
We
cooperates with all law enforcement inquires and with all third parties to enforce their intellectual property or other rights. We may disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate to respond to claims, legal process (including subpoenas), to protect the property and rights of Our App or a third party, the safety of the public or any person, to prevent or stop any illegal, unethical, or legally actionable activity, or to comply with the law.
We
takes your privacy concerns very seriously. If you still have concerns about privacy issues after reading this Privacy Policy, please contact us at kitegamesstudio@gmail.com.. This Privacy Policy is not intended to and does not create any contractual or other legal rights in or on behalf of any party. We reserve the right, at any time and without notice, to add to, change, update or modify this Privacy Policy, simply by posting such change, update or modification on the Site. Any such change, update or modification will be effective immediately upon posting on the Site.
Google Sites
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it