Airtraq Plus VL
Channeled VL
AIRTRAQ SP: Ready to use
AIRTRAQ AVANT: For routine intubations
Wi-Fi Camera
Other visualization options
Max View
Clinical
How Channel simplifies Video Laryngoscopy
Clinical evidence
Airtraq SP Clinical Cases Summary
Key clinical studies
Videos
Trainning
Channeled VL Technique
Instructional videos
FAQs
Training portal
Where to buy
Downloads
Privacy policy
Data processing
The User warrants that the Personal Data given to
AIRTRAQ
are true and correct, and undertakes to notify them of any changes in the said data.
At
PRODOL MEDITEC
we are particularly sensitive regarding security and anxious to ensure the confidential nature of our clients’ data. Therefore, we warrant the security and confidentiality of any information you give us. Your data will be used to handle consultations, contacts, and to send you commercial offers for products and services that may interest you.
Purpose and cession of data
Personal data shall be processed for the purpose of handling, managing and providing the services that
PRODOL MEDITEC
offers our users.
For identical purposes, the party concerned authorises the cession of his/her data to the Regional Council of Biscay, their attachd companies and any other companies/bodies that have entered into collaboration agreements with
PRODOL MEDITEC
Use of cookies
First-party cookies.
This website uses cookies when a user navigates between its pages in order to improve your user experience by enabling that website to ‘remember’ you, either for the duration of your visit (using a ‘session cookie’) or for repeat visits (using a ‘persistent cookie’). In the same way, website’s server detects user’s IP and network automatically. This information is collected for statistical purposes only.
Third-party cookies.
Besides website’s own cookies, third party statistical tools are used. These tools are hosted in  www.airtraq.com as well as in Google Analytics’ website, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. Google Analytics uses cookies to help the website analyzing how the users navigate thru the website. The data generated by the cookie will be directly transmitted to Google’s server in the USA. Google could transfer this information to third parties by legal  requirement, or when other parties process the information by Google’s order. Google will not associate your IP address to any other data held by Google. You can you can restrict the behavior of first-party and third-party cookies or even block them completely by setting the appropriate configuration in your web browser. However, you should know that doing so may affect the functionality of the website. Using this website you consent the processing of the data about you for the purposes described above.
Responsability.
The user has the ability to configure your browser to prevent the entry of cookies, block them or eliminate them. To use the website, it is not necessary to allow the installation of cookies by the website. However, Prodol Meditec is not  responsible for any malfunctioning of the website caused by deactivation of the cookies.
Right to access, change, cancel and oppose
You may send messages and make use of your rights to access, change, cancel and oppose at the e-mail address info@airtraq.com.
Legal data
The intellectual property rights of the website and its contents belong to Prodol Meditec S.A., except the rights for the clinical studies, which belong to their authors. It is strictly forbidden to make any changes to this page. Prodol Meditec S.A. does not  assume any liability that may arise from unauthorized alterations. Total or partial reproduction of the contents of this website without citing the source and without express authorization is strictly forbidden. The unauthorized use of the information  contained on this website, and any harm caused to the intellectual and industrial property rights of Prodol Meditec S.A. will entail the appropriate actions by the owner.
Trademarks
Android is a trademark of Google Inc.
Apple and the Apple logo, iPad and iPhone are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc.
Skype and Skype logo are trademarks of Skype, and Prodol Meditec S.A. is not affiliated, sponsored, authorised or otherwise associated by/with Skype group of companies.
Wi-Fi and the Wi-Fi logo are registered trademarks of the Wi-Fi Alliance.
All other trademarks and copyrights are the property of their respective owners.
↑
This site uses own and third-party cookies to store information on your computer, which allow proper operation and also give us information on how the site is used. By using our website, you accept the use of cookies.
More info
Accept
Deny