Approve
Reject
View details
Request a review
Learn more
Signature pending
Sign
Reject
View details
Review
Not spam
Remove forever
Not spam
Page
/
3
Loading…
{"id": "1i3pnDF_biOptEy9vM8CsYf1bmtIdIahS", "title": "PRIVACY POLICY TAXOFARE.pdf", "mimeType": "application\/pdf"}
Page 1 of 3
PRIVACY POLICY
Last Updated: January 1, 2019
TaxoFare Team (“we” or “us” or “our”) respects the privacy of our users (“user” or “you”). This
Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, disclose, and safeguard your information when you
visit our mobile application (the “Application”). Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. IF
YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO
NOT ACCESS THE APPLICATION.
We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy at any time and for any reason. We
will alert you about any changes by updating the “Last updated” date of this Privacy Policy. You
are encouraged to periodically review this Privacy Policy to stay informed of updates. You will
be deemed to have been made aware of, will be subject to, and will be deemed to have
accepted
the changes in any revised Privacy Policy by your continued use of the Application after the
date
such revised Privacy Policy is posted.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the third-party online/mobile store from which you install
the Application or make payments, including any in-game virtual items, which may also collect
and use data about you. We are not responsible for any of the data collected by any such third
party.
COLLECTION OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may collect information about you in a variety of ways. The information we may collect via
the Application depends on the content and materials you use, and includes:
Derivative Data
Information our servers automatically collect when you access the Application, such as your
native actions that are integral to the Application, including liking, re-blogging, or replying to a
post, as well as other interactions with the Application and other users via server log files.
Mobile Device Access
We may request access or permission to certain features from your mobile device, including
your
mobile device’s camera, microphone, social media accounts, photos and videos, and other
features. If you wish to change our access or permissions, you may do so in your device’s
settings.
Mobile Device Data
Device information such as your mobile device ID number, model, and manufacturer, version of
your operating system, phone number, country, location, and any other data you choose to
provide.
USE OF YOUR INFORMATION
Having accurate information about you permits us to provide you with a smooth, efficient, and
customized experience. Specifically, we may use information collected about you via the
Application to:
Page 2 of 3
• Assist law enforcement and respond to subpoenas.
• Compile anonymous statistical data and analysis for use internally or with third parties.
• Create and manage your account.
• Email you regarding your account or order.
• Generate a personal profile about you to make future visits to the Application more
personalized.
• Increase the efficiency and operation of the Application.
• Monitor and analyze usage and trends to improve your experience with the Application.
• Notify you of updates to the Application.
• Offer new products, services, mobile applications, and/or recommendations to you.
• Perform other business activities as needed.
• Request feedback and contact you about your use of the Application.
• Resolve disputes and troubleshoot problems.
• Respond to product and customer service requests.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may share information we have collected about you in certain situations. Your information
may be disclosed as follows:
By Law or to Protect Rights
If we believe the release of information about you is necessary to respond to legal process, to
investigate or remedy potential violations of our policies, or to protect the rights, property, and
safety of others, we may share your information as permitted or required by any applicable
law,
rule, or regulation. This includes exchanging information with other entities for fraud protection
and credit risk reduction.
Sale or Bankruptcy
If we reorganize or sell all or a portion of our assets, undergo a merger, or are acquired by
another entity, we may transfer your information to the successor entity. If we go out of
business
or enter bankruptcy, your information would be an asset transferred or acquired by a third
party.
You acknowledge that such transfers may occur and that the transferee may decline honor
commitments we made in this Privacy Policy. We are not responsible for the actions of third
parties with whom you share personal or sensitive data, and we have no authority to manage
or
control third-party solicitations. If you no longer wish to receive correspondence, emails or
other
communications from third parties, you are responsible for contacting the third party directly.
TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION
We use administrative, technical, and physical security measures to help protect your personal
Page 3 of 3
information. While we have taken reasonable steps to secure the personal information you
provide to us, please be aware that despite our efforts, no security measures are perfect or
impenetrable, and no method of data transmission can be guaranteed against any interception
or
other type of misuse. Any information disclosed online is vulnerable to interception and misuse
by unauthorized parties. Therefore, we cannot guarantee complete security if you provide
personal information.
POLICY FOR CHILDREN
We do not knowingly solicit information from or market to children under the age of 13. If you
become aware of any data we have collected from children under age 13, please contact us
using
the contact information provided below.
© Copyright Nandan Jadhav 2019. All rights reserved.
PRIVACY POLICY TAXOFARE.pdf
PRIVACY POLICY TAXOFARE.pdf
Open
Open
Open with
Save changes
Sign in
Details
Comments
General Info
Type
Dimensions
Size
Duration
Location
Modified
Created
Opened by me
Sharing
Description
Couldn't preview file
There was a problem loading the details.
Loading…
Sign in
Copy
Add a comment
Displaying PRIVACY POLICY TAXOFARE.pdf. Page 1 of 3