These terms of service illustrate the manner in which HipVan collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of the www.hipvan.com website ("Site"). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by HipVan.
Delivery Fees
For orders above $300, you get to enjoy free delivery! For orders below $300, delivery fees range from $2.99 to $25 (Delivery fees stated are inclusive of GST), depending from product to product.
You will find the delivery fee for an item on the item's page, below the price of the product.
If you are buying more than one item, you will only be charged the highest delivery fee out of all the items in your order.
Do note that discounts are not applicable on delivery fees, unless it is a free delivery promotions.
Price Protection Policy
If you find that the item(s) you bought is of a lower price than the original price (with no discount code applied) on HipVan.com within 30 days of placing your order, you may write in to us at
wecare@hipvan.com
with your order and the item with a price change to get the difference refunded to your original mode of payment.
Disclaimer:
The 30 Day Price Protection will only apply if you have bought your item from us at HipVan.com with no discount code applied.
This is not applicable for any promotional discount codes that we run. We cannot give you the difference between a promotion code you used and another promotion code which we are running, e.g.
10% off
and you want to change it to
Payday 15%
.
Only one discount code can be applied per order.
Privacy Policy
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, email address. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
If you wish to contact us to request for deletion of any data, you can reach out to us by via email to
wecare@hipvan.com
. You may see view additional PDPA policy
here
.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
HipVan may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
To improve our Site
We may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.
To run a promotion, contest, survey or other Site feature
To send Users information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them.
To send periodic emails
If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How we protect your information
We will never share your information with any third parties. We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have given us your permission.
Using Our Content and Community Services
General Rules – For all users
1. Your Relationship with Us
You are reading the terms of service (the “Terms”), which govern the relationship and serve as an agreement between you and us and set forth the terms and conditions by which you may access and use the Platform and our related websites, services, applications, products and content (collectively, the “Services”). The “Service” includes all of HipVan products, features, applications, services, technologies and software that we provide. Our Services are provided for private, non-commercial use. For purposes of the Terms, “you” and “your” means you as the user of the Services. The Terms form a legally binding agreement between you and us.
2. Accepting the Terms
By accessing or using our Services, you confirm that you can form a binding contract with HipVan, that you accept the Terms and that you agree to comply with them. Your access to and use of our Services is also subject to our Privacy Policy and Community Guidelines, the terms of which can be found directly on the Platform, or where the Platform is made available for download, on your mobile device’s applicable app store, and are incorporated herein by reference. By using the Services, you consent to the terms of the Privacy Policy. If you access or use the Services from within a jurisdiction for which there are separate supplemental terms, you also agree to the supplemental terms applicable to you in the applicable jurisdiction as outlined below and agree to comply with them. If there is a conflict between the provisions of the supplemental terms that are applicable to you, and the rest of the Terms, the relevant jurisdictions’ supplemental terms will supersede and control. If you do not agree to the Terms, you must stop accessing or using the Services. If you are accessing or using the Services on behalf of a business or entity, then (a) “you” and “your” includes you and that business or entity, (b) you represent and warrant that you are an authorised representative of the business or entity with the authority to bind the entity to the Terms, and that you agree to the Terms on the entity’s behalf, and (c) your business or entity is legally and financially responsible for your access or use of the Services as well as for the access or use of your account by others affiliated with your entity, including any employees, agents or contractors. You can accept the Terms by accessing or using our Services. You understand and agree that we will treat your access or use of the Services as acceptance of the Terms from that point onwards. You should print off or save a local copy of the Terms for your records.
3. Your Account with Us
To access or use our Services, you must create an account with us. When you create this account, you must provide accurate and up-to-date information. It is important that you maintain and promptly update your details and any other information you provide to us, to keep such information current and complete. It is important that you keep your account password confidential and that you do not disclose it to any third party. If you know or suspect that any third party knows your password or has accessed your account, you must notify us immediately at: wecare@hipvan.com. You agree that you are solely responsible (to us and to others) for the activity that occurs under your account. We reserve the right to disable your user account at any time, including if you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of the Terms, or if activities occur on your account which, in our sole discretion, would or might cause damage to or impair the Services or infringe or violate any third-party rights, or violate any applicable laws or regulations. If you no longer want to use our Services again, and would like your account to be deleted, contact us at: wecare@hipvan.com. We will provide you with further assistance and guide you through the process. Once you choose to delete your account, you will not be able to reactivate your account or retrieve any of the content or information you have added or posted to your account.
4. Your Access to and Use of Our Services
Your access to and use of the Services is subject to the Terms and all applicable laws and regulations. You may not:
A. access or use the Services if you are not fully able and legally competent to agree to the Terms;
B. make unauthorised copies, modify, adapt, translate, reverse engineer, disassemble, decompile or create any derivative works of the Services or any content included therein, including any files, tables or documentation (or any portion thereof) or determine or attempt to determine any source code, algorithms, methods or techniques embodied by the Services or any derivative works thereof;
C. distribute, license, transfer, or sell, in whole or in part, any of the Services or any derivative works thereof;
D. market, rent or lease the Services for a fee or charge, or use the Services to advertise or perform any commercial solicitation;
E. use the Services, without our express written consent, for any commercial or unauthorised purpose, including communicating or facilitating any commercial advertisement or solicitation or spamming;
F. interfere with or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Services, disrupt our website or any networks connected to the Services, or bypass any measures we may use to prevent or restrict access to the Services;
G. incorporate the Services or any portion thereof into any other program or product. In such case, we reserve the right to refuse service, terminate accounts or limit access to the Services in our sole discretion;
H. use automated scripts to collect information from or otherwise interact with the Services;
I. impersonate any person or entity, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent you or your affiliation with any person or entity, including giving the impression that any content you upload, post, transmit, distribute or otherwise make available emanates from the Services;
J. intimidate or harass another, or promote sexually explicit material, violence or discrimination based on race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation or age;
K. use or attempt to use another’s account, service or system without authorisation from HipVan, or create a false identity on the Services;
L. use the Services in a manner that may create a conflict of interest or undermine the purposes of the Services, such as trading reviews with other users or writing or soliciting fake reviews;
M. use the Services to upload, transmit, distribute, store or otherwise make available in any way:
files that contain viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material that is malicious or technologically harmful;
any unsolicited or unauthorised advertising, solicitations, promotional materials, “junk mail,” “spam,” “chain letters,” “pyramid schemes,” or any other prohibited form of solicitation;
any private information of any third party, including addresses, phone numbers, email addresses, number and feature in any personal identity document (e.g., NIK numbers, passport numbers) or credit card numbers;
any material which does or may infringe any copyright, trademark or other intellectual property or privacy rights of any other person;
any material which is defamatory of any person, obscene, offensive, pornographic, hateful or inflammatory;
any material that would constitute, encourage or provide instructions for a criminal offence, dangerous activities or self-harm;
any material that is deliberately designed to provoke or antagonise people, especially trolling and bullying, or is intended to harass, harm, hurt, scare, distress, embarrass or upset people;
any material that contains a threat of any kind, including threats of physical violence;
any material that is racist or discriminatory, including discrimination on the basis of someone’s race, religion, age, gender, disability or sexuality;
any answers, responses, comments, opinions, analysis or recommendations that you are not properly licensed or otherwise qualified to provide; or
material that, in the sole judgement of HipVan, is objectionable or which restricts or inhibits any other person from using the Services, or which may expose HipVan, the Services or its users to any harm or liability of any type.
In addition to the above, your access to and use of the Services must, at all times, be compliant with our Community Guidelines. We reserve the right, at any time and without prior notice, to remove or disable access to content at our discretion for any reason or no reason. Some of the reasons we may remove or disable access to content may include finding the content objectionable, in violation of the Terms or our Community Guidelines, or otherwise harmful to the Services or our users. Our automated systems analyse your content (including emails) to provide you personally relevant product features, such as customised search results, tailored advertising, and spam and malware detection. This analysis occurs as the content is sent, received, and when it is stored.
5. Intellectual Property Rights
The Services are protected under the laws of copyright, patent, trademarks and other intellectual property rights of the countries where Services are available. All intellectual property rights in the Services are owned by us or our third-party licensors to the full extent permitted under all applicable laws. Consistent with the other terms in this document, you may not publish, reproduce, distribute, display, perform, edit, adapt, modify, or otherwise exploit any part of the Services without our written consent. We respect intellectual property rights and ask you to do the same. As a condition of your access to and use of the Services, you agree not to infringe intellectual property rights of any person while accessing or using the Services, and agree to the terms of our Intellectual Property Policy. We reserve the right, with or without notice to you, at our discretion, to disable access to or terminate user accounts which infringe or are alleged to be infringing any copyright or other intellectual property rights.
6. Content
A. HipVan Content
As between you and HipVan, all content, design software, images, text, graphics, illustrations, logos, patents, trademarks, service marks, copyrights, photographs on and “look and feel” of the Services, and all intellectual property rights related thereto (the “HipVan Content”), are either owned or licensed by HipVan, it being understood that you or your licensors will own any User Content (as defined below) you upload or transmit through the Services. Use of the HipVanContent or materials on the Services for any purpose not expressly permitted by the Terms is strictly prohibited. Such content may not be downloaded, copied, reproduced, distributed, transmitted, broadcast, displayed, performed, adapted, edited, published, sold, licensed or otherwise exploited for any purpose whatsoever without our or, where applicable, our licensors’ prior written consent. We and our licensors reserve all rights not expressly granted in and to their content. You acknowledge and agree that we may generate revenues, increase goodwill or otherwise increase our value from your use of the Services, including, by way of example and not limitation, through the sale of advertising, sponsorships, promotions and usage data, and except as specifically permitted by us in the Terms or in another agreement you enter into with us, you have no right to share in any such revenue, goodwill or value whatsoever. You further acknowledge that, except as specifically permitted by us in the Terms or in another agreement you enter into with us, you (i) have no right to receive any income or other consideration from any User Content (defined below) or your use of any musical works, sound recordings or audiovisual clips made available to you on or through the Services, including in any User Content created by you, and (ii) are prohibited from exercising any rights to monetise or obtain consideration from any User Content within the Services or on any third party service (e.g. you cannot claim User Content that has been uploaded to a social media platform such as YouTube for monetisation). Subject to the terms and conditions of the Terms, you are hereby granted a non-exclusive, limited, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, revocable, worldwide licence to access and use the Services, including to download the Platform on a permitted device, and to access the HipVan Content solely for your personal, non-commercial use through your use of the Services and solely in compliance with the Terms. HipVan reserves all rights not expressly granted herein in the Services and the HipVan Content. You acknowledge and agree that HipVan may terminate this licence at any time for any reason or no reason. No rights are licensed with respect to sound recordings and the musical works embodied therein that are made available from or through the service. You acknowledge and agree that when you view content provided by others on the Services, you are doing so at your own risk. The content on our Services is provided for general information only. It is not intended to amount to advice on which you should rely. You must obtain professional or specialist advice before taking, or refraining from, any action on the basis of the content on our Services. We make no representations, warranties or guarantees, whether expressed or implied, that any HipVan Content (including User Content) is accurate, complete or up to date. Where our Services contain links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only. We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources. Such links should not be interpreted as approval by us of those linked websites or information you may obtain from them. You acknowledge that we have no obligation to pre-screen, monitor, review, or edit any content posted by you and other users on the Services (including User Content).
B. User-Generated Content
Users of the Services may be permitted to upload, post or transmit (such as via a stream) or otherwise make available content through the Services including, without limitation, any text, photographs, videos, sound recordings and the musical works embodied therein. videos that incorporate locally stored sound recordings from your personal music library and ambient noise (“User Content”). Users of the Services may also extract all or any portion of User Content created by another user to produce additional User Content, including collaborative User Content with other users, that combine and intersperse User Content generated by more than one user. Users of the Services may also overlay music, graphics, stickers and other elements provided by HipVan (“HipVan Elements”) onto this User Content and transmit this User Content through the Services. The information and materials in the User Content, including User Content that includes HipVan Elements, have not been verified or approved by us. The views expressed by other users on the Services do not represent our views or values. Whenever you access or use a feature that allows you to upload or transmit User Content through the Services (including via certain third-party social media platforms such as Instagram, Facebook, YouTube, Twitter), or to make contact with other users of the Services, you must comply with the standards set out at “Your Access to and Use of Our Services” above. You may also choose to upload or transmit your User Content, on sites or platforms hosted by third parties. If you decide to do this, you must comply with their content guidelines as well as with the standards set out at “Your Access to and Use of Our Services” above. You warrant that any such contribution does comply with those standards, and you will be liable to us and indemnify us for any breach of that warranty. This means you will be responsible for any loss or damage we suffer as a result of your breach of warranty. Any User Content will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary. You must not post any User Content on or through the Services or transmit to us any User Content that you consider to be confidential or proprietary. When you submit User Content through the Services, you agree and represent that you own that User Content, or you have received all necessary permissions, clearances from, or are authorised by, the owner of any part of the content to submit it to the Services, to transmit it from the Services to other third-party platforms, and/or adopt any third-party content. If you only own the rights in and to a sound recording, but not to the underlying musical works embodied in such sound recordings, then you must not post such sound recordings to the Services unless you have all permissions, clearances from, or are authorised by, the owner of any part of the content to submit it to the Services. You or the owner of your User Content still own the copyright in User Content sent to us, but by submitting User Content via the Services, you hereby grant us an unconditional, irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free, fully transferable and sublicensable, perpetual, worldwide licence to use, modify, adapt, reproduce, perform, display, make derivative works of, publish and/or transmit, and/or distribute and to authorise other users of the Services and other third-parties to view, access, use, download, modify, adapt, reproduce, perform, display, make derivative works of, publish and/or transmit your User Content in any format and on any platform, either now known or hereinafter invented. You further grant us a royalty-free licence to use your username, image, voice, and likeness to identify you as the source of any of your User Content. The rights granted in the preceding paragraphs of this Section (7.B) include, but are not limited to, the right to reproduce sound recordings (and make mechanical reproductions of the musical works embodied in such sound recordings), and publicly perform, publicly display and communicate to the public sound recordings (and the musical works embodied therein), all on a royalty-free basis. This means that you are granting us the right to use your User Content without the obligation to pay royalties to any third party, including, but not limited to, a sound recording copyright owner (e.g., a record label), a musical work copyright owner (e.g., a music publisher), a performing rights organisation (e.g., ASCAP, BMI, etc.) (a “PRO”) or a collective management organisation (e.g. JASARC, NextTone, etc.) （a “CMO”）, a sound recording PRO (e.g., SoundExchange), any unions or guilds, and engineers, producers or other royalty participants involved in the creation of User Content. Specific Rules for Musical Works and for Recording Artists. If you are a composer or author of a musical work and are affiliated with a PRO/CMO, then you must notify your PRO/CMO of the royalty-free licence you grant through the Terms in your User Content to us. You are solely responsible for ensuring your compliance with the relevant PRO/CMO’s reporting obligations. If you have assigned your rights to a music publisher, then you must obtain the consent of such music publisher to grant the royalty-free licence(s) set forth in the Terms in your User Content or have such music publisher enter into the Terms with us. Just because you authored a musical work (e.g., wrote a song) does not mean you have the right to grant us the licences in the Terms. If you are a recording artist under contract with a record label, then you are solely responsible for ensuring that your use of the Services is in compliance with any contractual obligations you may have to your record label, including if you create any new recordings through the Services that may be claimed by your label. Through-To-The-Audience Rights. All of the rights you grant in your User Content in the Terms are provided on a through-to-the-audience basis, meaning the owners or operators of third-party services will not have any separate liability to you or any other third party for User Content posted or used on such third-party service via the Services. Waiver of Rights to User Content. By posting User Content to or through the Services, you waive any rights to prior inspection or approval of any marketing or promotional materials related to such User Content. You also waive any and all rights of privacy, publicity, or any other rights of a similar nature in connection with your User Content, or any portion thereof. To the extent any moral rights are not transferable or assignable, you hereby waive and agree never to assert any and all moral rights, or to support, maintain or permit any action based on any moral rights that you may have in or with respect to any User Content you post to or through the Services. We also have the right to disclose your identity to any third party who is claiming that any User Content posted or uploaded by you to our Services constitutes a violation of their intellectual property rights, or of their right to privacy. We, or authorised third parties, reserve the right to cut, crop, edit or refuse to publish your content at our or their sole discretion. We have the right to remove, disallow, block or delete any posting you make on our Services if, in our opinion, your post does not comply with the content standards set out at “Your Access to and Use of Our Services” above. In addition, we have the right – but not the obligation – in our sole discretion to remove, disallow, block or delete any User Content (i) that we consider violates the Terms, or (ii) in response to complaints from other users or third parties, without any liability to you. We may or may not notify you of such removal, disallowance, blocking or deletion. As a result, we recommend that you save copies of any User Content that you post to the Services on your personal device(s) in the event that you want to ensure that you have permanent access to copies of such User Content. We do not guarantee the accuracy, integrity, appropriateness or quality of any User Content, and under no circumstances will we be liable in any way for any User Content. You control whether your User Content is made publicly available on the Services to all other users of the Services or only available to people you approve. To restrict access to your User Content, you should select the privacy setting available within the Platform or contact us at: wecare@hipvan.com We accept no liability in respect of any content submitted by users and published by us or by authorised third parties. If you wish to file a complaint about information or materials uploaded by other users, contact us at: wecare@hipvan.com HipVan takes reasonable measures to expeditiously remove from our Services any infringing material that we become aware of. It is HipVan’s policy, in appropriate circumstances and at its discretion, to disable or terminate the accounts of users of the Services who repeatedly infringe copyrights or intellectual property rights of others. While our own staff is continually working to develop and evaluate our own product ideas and features, we pride ourselves on paying close attention to the interests, feedback, comments, and suggestions we receive from the user community. If you choose to contribute by sending us or our employees any ideas for products, services, features, modifications, enhancements, content, refinements, technologies, content offerings (such as audio, visual, games, or other types of content), promotions, strategies, or product/feature names, or any related documentation, artwork, illustration, computer code, diagrams, or other materials (collectively “Feedback”), then regardless of what your accompanying communication may say, the following terms will apply. Accordingly, by sending Feedback to us, you agree that:
HipVan has no obligation to review, consider, or implement your Feedback, or to return to you all or part of any Feedback for any reason;
Feedback is provided on a non-confidential basis, and we are not under any obligation to keep any Feedback you send confidential or to refrain from using or disclosing it in any way; and
*You irrevocably grant us perpetual and unlimited permission to reproduce, distribute, create derivative works of, modify, publicly perform (including on a through-to-the-audience basis), communicate to the public, make available, publicly display, and otherwise use and exploit the Feedback and derivatives thereof for any purpose and without restriction, free of charge and without attribution of any kind, including by making, using, selling, offering for sale, importing, and promoting commercial products and services that incorporate or embody Feedback, whether in whole or in part, and whether as provided or as modified.*
7. Indemnity
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless HipVan, its parent companies, subsidiaries, and affiliates, and each of their respective officers, directors, employees, agents and advisors from any and all claims, liabilities, costs, and expenses, including, but not limited to, attorneys’ fees and expenses, arising out of a breach of the Terms by you or any user of your account or arising out of negligence or a breach by you or any user of your account of the Terms (including but not limited to your obligations, representations and warranties hereunder).
8. Exclusion Of Warranties
Nothing in the terms shall affect any statutory rights that you cannot contractually agree to alter or waive and are legally always entitled to as a consumer. Save as expressly set forth in the terms and to the fullest extent permitted by law, the services are provided “as is” and we make no warranty or representation to you with respect to them. In particular we do not represent or warrant to you that:
A. your use of the services will meet your requirements;
B. your use of the services will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or free from error;
C. any information obtained by you as a result of your use of the services will be accurate or reliable; and
D. defects in the operation or functionality of any software provided to you as part of the services will be corrected.
Save as expressly set forth in the terms and to the fullest extent permitted by law, no conditions, warranties or other terms (including any implied terms as to satisfactory quality, fitness for purpose or conformance with description) apply to the services except to the extent that they are expressly set out in the terms. We may change, suspend, withdraw or restrict the availability of all or any part of our platform for business and operational reasons at any time without notice.
9. Limitation Of Liability
Nothing in the terms shall exclude or limit our liability for losses which may not be lawfully excluded or limited by applicable law. This includes liability for death or personal injury caused by our negligence or the negligence of our employees, agents or subcontractors, for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, and for any losses or damages arising out of our wilful misconduct or gross negligence. Subject to the paragraph above and to the fullest extent permitted by law, we shall not be liable to you for the following losses, whether based on contract, tort (including negligence) or any other legal or equitable theory:
A. (i) any loss of profit (whether incurred directly or indirectly); (ii) any loss of goodwill; (iii) any loss of opportunity; (iv) any loss of data suffered by you; or (v) any indirect or consequential losses which may be incurred by you. any other loss will be limited to the amount paid by you to HipVan within the last 12 months; and
B. any loss or damage which may be incurred by you as a result of:
C. any reliance placed by you on the completeness, accuracy or existence of any advertising, or any reliance arising out of any relationship or transaction between you and any advertiser or sponsor whose advertising appears on the service;
D. any changes which we may make to the services, or for any permanent or temporary cessation in the provision of the services (or any features within the services);
E. the deletion of, corruption of, or failure to store, any content and other communications data maintained or transmitted by or through your use of the services;
F. your failure to provide us with accurate account information; or
G. your failure to keep your password or account details secure and confidential.
Please note that we only provide our platform for domestic and private use. You agree not to use our platform for any commercial or business purposes, and we have no liability to you for any loss of profit, loss of business, loss of goodwill or business reputation, business interruption, or loss of business opportunity. If defective digital content that we have supplied damages a device or digital content belonging to you and this is caused by our failure to use reasonable care and skill, we will either repair the damage or pay you compensation. However, we will not be liable for damage that you could have avoided by following our advice to apply an update offered to you free of charge or for damage that was caused by you failing to correctly follow installation instructions or to have in place the minimum system requirements advised by us. These limitations on our liability to you shall apply whether or not we have been advised of or should have been aware of the possibility of any such losses arising. You are responsible for any mobile charges that may apply to your use of our service, including text-messaging and data charges. If you are unsure what those charges may be, you should ask your service provider before using the service. To the fullest extent permitted by law, any dispute you have with any third party arising out of your use of the services, including, by way of example and not limitation, any carrier, copyright owner or other user, is directly between you and such third party, and you irrevocably release us and our affiliates from any and all claims, demands and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown, arising out of or in any way connected with such disputes.
10. Other Terms
A. Governing Law and Jurisdiction. Subject to the Supplemental Terms – Jurisdiction-Specific, the Terms, their subject matter and their formation are governed by the laws of Singapore. Any dispute arising out of or in connection with these Terms, including any question regarding existence, validity or termination of these Terms, shall be referred to and finally resolved by arbitration administered by the Singapore International Arbitration Centre (“SIAC”) in accordance with the Arbitration Rules of the Singapore International Arbitration Centre ("SIAC Rules") for the time being in force, which rules are deemed to be incorporated by reference in this clause. The seat of the arbitration shall be Singapore. The Tribunal shall consist of three (3) arbitrators. The language of the arbitration shall be English.
B. Open Source. The Platform contains certain open-source software. Each item of open-source software is subject to its own applicable license terms.
C. Entire Agreement. The Terms constitute the whole legal agreement between you and HipVanand govern your use of the Services and completely replace any prior agreements between you and HipVanin relation to the Services.
D. Links. You may link to our home page, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it. You must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists. You must not establish a link to our Services in any website that is not owned by you. The website in which you are linking must comply in all respects with the content standards set out at “Your Access to and Use of Our Services” above. We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice.
E. Age Restrictions. The Services are only for users who are 13 years old and over (with additional limits that may be set forth in the Supplemental Terms – Jurisdiction-Specific). By using our Services, you warrant that you are over the relevant age specified herein. If we learn that someone under the relevant age specified above is using the Services, we will terminate the account of such a user.
F. No Waiver. Our failure to insist upon or enforce any provision of the Terms shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right.
G. Security. We do not guarantee that our Services will be secure or free from bugs or viruses. You are responsible for configuring your information technology, computer programmes and platform to access our Services. You should use your own virus protection software.
H. Severability. If any court of law, having jurisdiction to decide on this matter, rules that any provision of the Terms is invalid, then that provision will be removed from the Terms without affecting the rest of the Terms, and the remaining provisions of the Terms will continue to be valid and enforceable.
I. Any Questions? Contact us at: wecare@hipvan.com
11. Supplemental Terms – Jurisdiction-Specific
Singapore/ Malaysia. If you are using our Services in Singapore/ Malaysia, the following additional terms apply. In the event of any conflict between the following additional terms and the provisions of the main body of these Terms, the following terms shall prevail.
A. Accepting the Terms. By participating in the Services, you represent that you are at least aged 18 and above. If you are below 18 years old, your account must be opened under the name of your parent(s) or guardian(s). Further, you represent and warrant that you have obtained consent from your parent(s) or legal guardian(s). By consenting, your parent(s) or legal guardian(s) are agreeing to take responsibility for: (i) all your actions in connection with your access to the Services; (ii) any fees or charges associated with your use of any of the Services (as applicable); (iii) your compliance with this Terms; and (iv) ensuring that any of your participation in Services will not, in any event, result in any violation of applicable laws and regulations relating to child protection. If you do not have consent from your parent(s) or legal guardian(s) and your parent(s) or guardian(s) is not willing to open the account under their name, you must cease accessing the Services.
Changes to this privacy policy
HipVan has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
These Website Terms and all matters relating to your access to, or use of, the Website and the Services shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Singapore, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law. You hereby agree to submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the Singapore courts.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please
contact us
at:
HipVan
www.hipvan.com
HipVan Pte. Ltd
wecare@hipvan.com