GAMES
Sushi Diner
Burger Go
Tap Boutique
American Pizzeria
Let's Domino
SUPPORT
Contact us
Privacy Policy
Last Update on 14th August, 2013
Sanopy Limited and its affiliates (“Sanopy”, “us”, “our” or “we”) are
        committed to protecting your privacy online. To further this commitment,
        we have adopted an Online Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) that guides how
        we collect, store, and use the information collected about you online,
        that you provide or we collect in connection with our website at http://www.sanopy.com
        (the “Site”) or any Sanopy Limited game or application provided on other
        websites or other third party sources (collectively, the “Service”). Personal
        information can include, for example, an individual’s first and last name,
        address, telephone number, e-mail address or credit card number.
Please note that the scope of this Privacy Policy is limited to information
        collected or received by Sanopy Limited through your use of the Service.
        Sanopy Limited is not responsible for the actions of third party people
        or companies, the content of their sites, the use of information you provide
        to them, or any products or services they may offer. Any link to those
        sites does not constitute our sponsorship of, or affiliation with, those
        people or companies.
If you are under the age of 13, you will need your parent or guardian’s
        consent before you can provide any personal information to us for purposes
        of registration and other online activities.
By installing, using or otherwise accessing the service, you agree to
        this privacy policy. If you do not agree to this privacy policy, please
        do not install, use or otherwise access the service. We may update this
        Policy from time to time. You are responsible for periodically reading
        this Policy. We will post all changes to this Policy on this page and the
        modified policy will specify its effective date.
What information do we collect?
Sanopy may request and/or collect information from you on a voluntary
        basis when you: register with us, or when you send questions or comments
        via e-mail to Sanopy customer support. The requested information may include
        personal information such as your name and e-mail address. Our primary
        objective in collecting your information is to provide and enhance the
        Service and to enable you to easily navigate and enjoy the Service. For
        example, Sanopy may use your information to register your account, provide
        customer support, resolve disputes, collect fees, connect users, and notify
        you of updates to the game (or of other/new games) and special promotions.
E-mail
By allowing you to send e-mail to us, we are not attempting to collect
        any personal information about you. We will only use personal information
        (such as name and e-mail address) contained in your e-mail to respond to
        your specific inquiry or comments in the e-mail. Although we may retain
        your e-mail for a period of time, we will not use any personal information
        contained in your e-mail for any purpose other than responding to your
        specific inquiry or comments.
Whatever the activity may be, we will only collect information to the
        extent deemed reasonably necessary to fulfill your requests and our legitimate
        business objectives.
iOS or Android Platforms
When you use any of the Sanopy games or applications, we automatically
        collect and record certain information such as your unique device ID, MAC
        address, advertising identifer, OpenUDID, IMEI number, hardware type, the
        version of your operating system (“OS”), your in-game activity, and your
        location (based on your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address). This information
        is useful to us for troubleshooting and helps us understand usage trends.
Sanopy uses country information to customize the user experience and promotions,
        enforce our terms of service, and make recommendations about user connections.
We may also give users the opportunity to opt-in to location-based services,
        which rely upon a device’s GPS coordinates. You may opt-out of these location
        services via the settings on your device. A user’s location may be used
        to suggest friends with whom they might want to connect, analyze usage
        trends or target certain promotions.
Some of our games or applications may permit a user to record his or her
        voice and share such recordings with an opponent in the context of such
        game or application. Sanopy may use these recordings and post them as well
        as the contents of your play sessions on Facebook on a publicly available
        page (and link your data with your opponent). Sanopy may store these recordings
        on its servers.
Amazon Server
Amazon Web Services (“AWS”) is our application engine service provider.
        Any information provided through our applications is available to Amazon
        AWS as part of Amazon Web Services providing this service.
Platforms/Third-Party Marketplaces
In the course of providing our Service on third party platforms/marketplaces,
        such as Apple’s App Store, the platforms/marketplaces may collect information
        about you or receive information from us in order for the platforms/marketplaces
        to provide or analyze their services. Please note that these platforms/marketplaces
        were developed and administered by people or companies not affiliated with
        or controlled by Sanopy and that Sanopy is not responsible for the actions
        of those people or companies. You should carefully review the terms of
        service and privacy policies of the platforms/third-party marketplaces
        that you use to access our Service.
Facebook Connect
If you sign into the Service with Facebook Connect we may collect any
        information that is available via your Facebook account or the Facebook
        API, including your first and last name, Facebook ID, Profile Picture/URL,
        list of Facebook friends, gender, locale, list of your devices, email,
        likes, and interests that have been listed in your Facebook profile. This
        information will be primarily used for user registration and in social
        features, which may include friend-to-friend or user-to-user interaction,
        chat, voice or messaging functionality, public leaderboards, head-to-head
        competition and other similar features. It may also be used to analyze
        usage trends and offer users certain of our features, games or promotions
        that may be of particular interest to them.
In-Game Dialog Boxes
When you register to play our games through the Service, we may ask whether
        you’d like to provide us with certain pieces of information, which could
        include: your email, username, phone number, gender, birthdate, home address,
        and address book. We will do this through in-game dialog boxes, which you
        may choose to skip. If you provide your email address in connection with
        a Sanopy game, the email address will be retained by Sanopy and we may
        use that email address to contact you about your gaming experience with
        Sanopy games and notify you about company news and promotions. We may also
        use part of your email address for friend-to-friend or user-to-user interaction
        and chat, voice or messaging functionality and other similar features.
        Your username may be used for social features in our games (e.g., presenting
        someone’s name on a message board). Your phone number may be used to help
        connect you with other users via our social networking system and for SMS
        notifications. Your gender and birthdate may be used to analyze user trends
        and target certain promotions. Your home address will be used if we have
        merchandise or other physical promotional materials we want to send to
        you. We may also request access to your address book to connect you to
        other players in the game.
Email Newsletter
You may elect to sign up for the Sanopy email newsletter, which will contain
        information and advertisements about our products. We may also contact
        you with targeted email promotions.
Website
When you visit our Site, your computer’s operating system, Internet Protocol
        (IP) address, access times, browser type and language and referring Web
        site addresses may be logged automatically. We may also collect information
        about your usage and activity, such as number of clicks, pages viewed and
        the order of those pages, the amount of time spent on particular pages,
        and the date and time of this activity. We may use this information to
        monitor and analyze use of the Service.
Other Collection
We may also acquire information from you through (1) your access and participation
        in message boards on the Service, (2) your email of a question to our customer
        support, (3) your purchase of a virtual product of any type, (4) your participation
        in surveys regarding the Service or (5) your participation in a sweepstakes
        or contest through the Service.
Cookies
A cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your computer’s hard
        disk, generally to quickly identify a user’s computer and to “remember”
        things about the user’s visit, such as your preferences or a user name
        and password. The Service sends cookies to your computer when you access
        or view content of a Sanopy game. Information contained in a cookie may
        be linked to your personal information for purposes such as improving the
        quality of our Service, tailoring recommendations to your interests, and
        making the Service easier to use. You can disable cookies at any time,
        although you may not be able to access or use features of the Service.
We may feature advertisements served by third party advertising companies
        which deliver cookies to your computer so the ads you see can be tracked.
        Since the third party advertising companies tag your computer with a number,
        they will be able to recognize your computer each time they send you an
        advertisement. These advertisers may use information about your visits
        to our Service in order to provide advertisements about goods and services
        of interest to you.
Information for Opting-Out of Cookies
You may click on the following link: http://www.networkadvertising.org
        (or such other URL as may be specified by us from time to time) for information
        on how to opt-out of the use of cookies.
Disclosure of Your Personal Information
Sanopy does not share your personal information except as approved by
        you or as described below:
With your consent, for example, when you agree to our sharing your information
        with other third parties for their own marketing purposes subject to their
        separate privacy policies.
Sanopy may engage other companies and individuals to perform services
        on our behalf. Examples of these services include sending e-mails to you
        and analyzing data. While these agents and service providers may have access
        to your personal information in connection with the performance of services
        for Sanopy, they may not use such information for any purpose other than
        providing such services to us.
We may release your information as permitted by law or when we believe
        that release is appropriate to comply with the law; enforce or apply our
        rights; or protect the rights, property, or safety of us or our users,
        or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and
        organizations for fraud protection.
Sanopy may share your information in connection with any merger, sale
        of our assets, or a financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our
        business to another company.
We may share aggregate and anonymous information about you with advertisers,
        publishers, business partners, sponsors, and other third parties.
Third Party Tools/Analytics
The Service may also contain third party tracking tools from third party
        service providers, which may enable these third parties to analyze our
        users’ information. These third parties may have access to your personal
        information in connection with the performance of services for Sanopy.
Offer Walls and Other Advertisements
You may see our games advertised in other applications. After clicking
        on one of these advertisements and installing our game, you will become
        a user of the
Service. In order to prevent fraud and verify the installs, a unique device
        identifier may be shared with the advertiser.
In addition, you may see an “offer wall” displayed in our games that is
        hosted by an offer wall provider. The offer wall enables advertisers to
        provide virtual currency to you in exchange for interacting with an advertisement
        or for completing a marketing offer with one of those advertisers. The
        offer wall providers may collect information about you, including your
        device identifier, device type, device brand, device model, OS type/version,
        network type, device language, device locale, and IP address. In addition,
        the offer wall provider may collect information related to the performance
        of the advertisements such as how many times an advertisement is shown,
        how long an advertisement is viewed, and any click-throughs of an advertisement.
Changing or Deleting Your Information
You may contact us regarding any questions or comments regarding this
        Privacy Policy by emailing us at support@sanopy.com. If you completely
        delete all of your information, your account may become deactivated. You
        may opt-out of receiving promotional emails from us by following the instructions
        in those emails. If you opt-out, we may still send you non-promotional
        emails, such as emails about your accounts or our ongoing business relations.
Security
Sanopy has put in place industry standard technical and organizational
        measures designed to secure your information from accidental loss and from
        unauthorized access, use, alteration or disclosure. However, we cannot
        guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to overcome
        those measures or use your personal information for improper purposes.
        Also please note that email and messaging systems are not considered secure,
        so we discourage you from sending us personal information through these
        mediums.
Questions and Complaints
If you have any questions, complaints or comments regarding our Privacy
        Policy Statement, please contact us at support@sanopy.com.