Privacy Policy Checkout Ireland Limited - updated June 07, 2023
At
Checkout Ireland Limited
your privacy is important to us. This notice details our policy relating to the collection, use and retention of personal data on our Website checkout.ie and across our social media platforms (Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter and Instagram) and through our mobile application, the Checkout.ie app, available via the App Store and Google Play. This note tells you of the choices which you can make about the way your personal data is used on our digital platforms, in accordance with the
General Data Protection Regulation
(GDPR), and
Data Protection legislation.
What information do we collect and why?
We will not collect personal, identifying information about you when you visit our Website, or our social media platforms, or our mobile app, unless you choose to provide that information to us.  This happens when you:
Sign up for a subscription
Register for an event
Register to receive our newsletters
Enter a competition
Advertise or do business with any of our magazine titles
You may choose to provide us with personal data (such as your name, e-mail, postal address or other identity details).
How will we use your personal data
?
When you give us any personal data we will use this data to:
Enable you to use products and services that we may provide via the Website, our mobile applications, social media platforms, or via our advertising team.
Enable you to become a registered user on one or more of our Website or mobile applications, via a subscription, by downloading the application, or signing up for a newsletter;
If a transaction is required by you, to process your transaction and correspond with you in respect of the transaction or any related matter;
Provide you, with your consent and according to your communications preferences, with information about our products and services, the latest news from our Websites via email or mobile application push notification, or information about special offers or events which may be of interest to you;
With your consent, we may share your personal data within our corporate group, which includes Madison Publications Ltd., so that they may offer you products and services which may be of interest to you;
We may share personal data on a confidential basis with suppliers who process data on our behalf (including cloud servers who store data on our behalf). Where any such supplier is based outside the European Economic Area, or outside an EU approved transfer country, we shall ensure that all personal data is protected in accordance with European Commission approved standards, such as a Privacy Shield or Model Contract. We may also disclose personal data where required by law, such as to government bodies or law enforcement agencies;
To better illustrate our audience, we may include your company logo on our landing pages. If you do not want your logo to be featured, you can contact us at
gdpr@checkout.ie
;
We do not use your data for automated decision making.
Marketing
We value your privacy and are committed to keeping your personal information secure. As part of our efforts to provide you with the best possible experience, we may occasionally send you information about our products, services, and events.
If, at any time, you have given your consent to receive marketing material from us, you have the option to opt out later on. You can simply let us know, and we will respect your preferences. Furthermore, you have the right to request that we stop contacting you for marketing purposes or sharing your information with other websites.
We may also share your personal information with trusted partner organisations for their marketing purposes, subject to local data protection laws and with your explicit consent. These partner organisations are carefully selected based on their reliability and commitment to handling personal data responsibly.
If you no longer wish to be contacted for marketing purposes or want us to refrain from sharing your information with our partners, please reach out to us at
gdpr@checkout.ie
. We will promptly address your request and ensure that your preferences are respected.
Links To Third Party Websites
For your convenience, we may provide links to other Websites. Note that we have no liability or responsibility for the content, data policies, procedures, terms and conditions of these third party Websites nor can we confirm that these Websites are free from computer viruses or other harmful programmes or software.
Data Retention
We only retain personal data for as long as necessary to provide our services, products and information, or as permitted / required by applicable law.
Security Of Your Data
We use industry standard security measures to protect your information and to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of any information in our control. As effective as modern security practices are, no physical or electronic security system is entirely secure and we cannot ensure that all of your personally identifiable information provided via our Website will never be accessed. However, we will use industry standard security measures to ensure that such information is kept as secure as possible.
Personal Data Rights Under GDPR
You have the following rights under the GDPR, in certain circumstances and subject to certain exemptions, in relation to your personal data:
You can request a copy of the personal data that we hold about you.
You can tell us to correct any inaccurate data about you, or if we have incomplete information you can ask us to update the information.  It is helpful if you keep us updated with your current personal data.
You can tell us to delete personal data that we hold about you.
You can tell us not to process your personal data for particular purposes any longer, or you can  object to our processing of your personal data for particular purposes.
To exercise any of these rights, contact us at
gdpr@checkout.ie
Complaints
You can make a complaint to the
Data Protection Commissioner
under GDPR.
Cookies
We and certain third parties, such as social platforms including but not limited to Twitter, Facebook, and LinkedIn, as well as analytics sites such as Google Analytics, also gather particular information automatically when you visit our digital platforms, including our mobile app, by the use of cookies. These cookies include preferences, pattern type, security, processes, advertising, session state, and analytics cookies.
This system uses cookies to anonymously track data such as how long since you last visited the site, the last pages visited by the you (so that, for example, we can make sure that our web pages are appropriately displayed in your browser, mobile or desktop etc).
We also use these cookies, where relevant, to authenticate user log-ins to our digital platforms, and remember any user preferences expressed, and to allow you to browse through the pages of the site. These cookies do not gather any personally identifiable data and expire once the session is over. For more information about cookies, see
www.allaboutcookies.org
Google Analytics
With this tool we monitor activity and user behaviour on our Website for market research purposes, in order to enhance user experience, as well as improve the efficiency and content of the Website. We examine user trends using analytics tools in order to successfully operate out Website and improve user experience. This personal data is collected in aggregate and is rendered anonymous. You can opt out of Google Analytics
here.
Google Ads Conversion tracking
Google Ads conversion tracking is an analytics service provided by Google Inc. that connects data from the Google Ads advertising network with actions performed on this Website and accompanying mobile app.  Click to see Google's
Privacy Policy
.
Google Tag Manager
Google Tag Manager is a tag management service provided by Google LLC which manages JavaScript and HTML tags used for tracking and analytics on this Website and accompanying mobile app.
Google Ads Remarketing
We use Google Ads remarketing to advertise our publication(s) across the Internet, in particular on the Google Display Network. Google Ads remarketing will display ads to you based on what parts of our Websites or mobile apps you have viewed by placing a cookie on your web browser.
This cookie does not in any way identify you or give access to your computer or mobile device. The cookie is used to indicate to other third-party vendors on the Google Ads network which ads to serve to you based on your past visits to our Websites or use of our apps. This allows us to tailor our marketing to better suit your needs and only display ads that are relevant to you.
If you do not wish to see ads from us, you can opt out in several ways:
Opt out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting
Google’s Ads Settings
.
Control the use of mobile device identifiers by
using the device’s settings
.
Opt out of a third-party vendor’s use of cookies; users may follow the instructions provided on the subsequently linked initiatives by the
EDAA
(European Union), the
Network Advertising Initiative
(US) and the
Digital Advertising Alliance
(US),
DAAC
(Canada),
DDAI
(Japan) or other similar services. Such initiatives allow users to select their tracking preferences for most of the advertising tools.
LinkedIn Matched Audience Targeting and Insight Tags
We may use information collected in our CRM system, Salesforce, as part of our LinkedIn ad campaigns to define and reach a targeted business audience.
We may also use website analytics data for LinkedIn ad campaigns by enabling the LinkedIn Insight Tag. The Insight Tag is JavaScript code that tracks visits of LinkedIn members on our site. This information helps us understand site demographics and examine the effectiveness of ad campaigns.
Please note that with both contact targeting lists and Insight tagging, LinkedIn only receives hashed, anonymous data. By applying hashing algorithms to the email addresses or other content, the text is rendered unreadable to LinkedIn, but it can be used to map our lists of users to LinkedIn members in order to serve them relevant ads.
LinkedIn does not identify individual members to advertisers using website retargeting and only reports aggregated site demographics and ad performance.
Facebook Ads Conversion Tracking
Facebook Ads conversion tracking (Facebook pixel) is an analytics service provided by Facebook, Inc. that connects data from the Facebook advertising network with actions performed on this Website. The Facebook pixel tracks conversions that can be attributed to ads on Facebook, Instagram and Audience Network. Click to see Facebook's Privacy Policy
here
.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we do make any changes, we will post those changes here so that you can see what information we gather, how we might use that information and in what circumstances we may disclose it. Each time you use this Website the current Privacy Policy will apply and you should review it each time you use the Website to satisfy yourself that you are happy with it.
If you have any questions about the Privacy Policy, please contact
mark.kelly@checkout.ie
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.