Terms of Service
Last Updated March 18, 2013
1 Service Overview:
Tacticsoft Ltd. (“Tacticsoft”) 
operates and owns all rights to battledawn.com, battlegate.net and 
supermechs.com, websites that allow You to participate in massively 
multiplayer on-line games. This Agreement constitutes a binding 
understanding between the User (“You”), an individual over the age of 13
 who is capable of entering into a definite agreement or the legal 
guardian of a person under 13 years of age and Tacticsoft.
1.1 About Tacticsoft:
Tacticsoft is a duly incorporated Israeli Company, operating from Amot Bldg. 11 Kiryat Mada St. Har Hotzvim, Jerusalem, Israel.
1.2 Amending or Terminating the Service and This Agreement:
Tacticsoft
 may amend the Service or this Agreement at any time, provided Users are
 given prior notice of 14 days before such amendment comes into effect. 
Tacticsoft may terminate this Agreement with all Users or any user, for 
any reason or no reason, at its full discretion and without any prior 
written notice.
1.3 Definitions:
In this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meaning:
Content:
Any virtual or intellectual property conveyed by Users to Services or Tacticsoft.
Game Administrator:
A User appointed by Tacticsoft or employed by Tacticsoft, whose position is to maintain the fair and equal operation of Services
Game Resources:
Any virtual assets, including 
virtual earnings, virtual goods, virtual possessions, virtual resources 
or any other intangible goods which, excluding Tokens, are used in 
Services.
User Account:
The username and password for any User in Services, including all of the User Account’s Game Resources.
Users and User:
All legal and real persons bound by this agreement, defined by holding a User Account in Services.
Supporting Users:
Users who have paid Tacticsoft for any Tokens or have otherwise made any purchases from Tacticsoft within the last 90 days.
Services:
All content and services supplied by 
battledawn.com, battlegate.net, supermechs.com including any objects, 
pages, software and intellectual property stored on said sites, 
including flash games and any other software downloaded from websites to
 Your computer.
2 General Terms and Conditions:
The whole use of Services, including Applications within Services, shall be governed by the following terms.
2.1 Eligibility:
You hereby state that You are a 
real legal person over the age of 13, or a legal guardian of a person 
younger than 13 years of age, not residing in any proscribed country or 
entity, and who is not declared insolvent, bankrupt or liquidated. If 
you are a corporation, or a person acting on behalf of a corporation, 
You warrant that you hold and obtained all the relevant permissions and 
authorizations from Your corporations institutions.
2.1.1 Authentication:
When registering for Services,
 You shall receive an email with Your User Account details. Such message
 contains both Your name and password and may be sent unencrypted. 
Should You wish to increase Your security, You should change Your User 
Account password immediately after registration.
2.1.2 Activation:
In order to activate Your account,
 You are required to authenticate Your email by clicking a link or 
entering a verification code. You are required to add 
contact@battlegate.net as a contact to Your email contact list, as 
Tacticsoft shall not be liable for any failed deliveries or arrival of 
messages to Your Spam inbox.
2.1.3 Accurate and Secret Information:
You shall 
provide Tacticsoft only with accurate information about yourself and 
shall keep Your User Account information, including password and other 
login information in utmost secrecy and shall be liable to any damage, 
direct or indirect arising from the misuse of Your User Account. Should 
You find that any personal information regarding Your User Account has 
been violated or disclosed, You shall immediately and without any delay 
(1) notify Tacticsoft of any unauthorized use of Your password and User 
Account; and (2) make intentional efforts to ensure that no other party 
misuses Your User Account thereafter.
2.2 User Conduct:
When using Services, You agree to 
participate in any conversation, contribution or conduct in a friendly 
and courteous manner, without inciting hate or maliciously attempt to 
circumvent any other User'sparticipation. Moreover, You agree not to use
 Your User Account to:
2.2.1 Farming:
Participate in any activity within 
Services for the sole purpose of gaining Game Resources, without 
participating in actual gameplay; and/or acquiring Game Resources in 
order to sell them to other Users in exchange for cash, payment or other
 benefits; establishing Users for the sole purpose of transferring Game 
Resources to Your other accounts. You shall not solicit or endorse any 
3rd party to participate in Services in order to convey Game Resources 
to You.
2.2.2 Fraud:
Participate in any activity meant for 
fraud or to encourage other Users to convey funds, Game Resources or 
other assets into Your possession. You shall not use automated 
processes, scripts or macros during gameplay. You shall not employ any 
script based on reverse engineering or manipulation of any communication
 between Yourself and Services.
2.2.3 Non-Personal Use:
Use Services by more than 
one person or in order to establish financial or business gain, sell 
Users and/or User Accounts to third parties. You are forbidden to 
disclose any User Account details to any 3rd party or to post them in 
any public location.
2.2.4 Bullying:
Use Services in a manner disturbing,
 harassing or defaming to Users, stalking or depriving Users of any 
enjoyment of using Services In a manner which Tacticsoft may determine 
as Bullying.s.
2.2.5 Loopholes:
You shall not attempt to manipulate
 or circumvent Services or use loopholes in them; furthermore, You shall
 report any loopholes or means for circumvention immediately to a Game 
Administrator.
2.2.6 Infringement of Copyright:
Use Services in a 
manner infringing Services and/or any other 3rd party's copyright, 
including other Users' copyright or any other intellectual property 
right.
2.2.7 Invasion of Privacy:
Use Services in a manner 
that deprives any other User's privacy and/or to publish any private 
information about any other User or 3rd party.
2.2.8 Spam:
You will not use the Service, or 
otherwise advertise the services if you are a part of TacticSoft's 
Affiliate program, in any manner which is considered spamming, including
 sending unsolicited emails, using false headers in emails to advertise 
your affiliate code or any other conduct which TacticSoft may deem as 
spamming.
2.2.9 Policy Enforcement:
Tacticsoft may use 
administrative tools such as moderation or banning You from activity or 
enforce Vacations on You, should it reasonably assume that You were in 
violation of these Terms.
2.3 Title and Goods:
You agree and understand that 
You hold no right to any part of Services, Game Resources and/or virtual
 goods, and that every contribution, purchase or activity, including 
Content, may be removed at any time. Tacticsoft may amend the games 
rules and/or remove any virtual assets at any time at its discretion.
2.4 User-Generated Content:
By contributing Content 
to Services, You agree to adhere to Tacticsoft's User Conduct Policy and
 refrain from posting any offensive content.
2.4.1 Copyright:
By contributing Content to 
Services, You hereby grant Tacticsoft an irrevocable, 
perpetual,non-limited license to use, display, convey and publish Your 
Content to Users and other 3rd parties. You, moreover, grant Tacticsoft a
 perpetual license to publish and disclose such Content to 3rd parties 
in order to provide Tacticsoft's Services.
2.4.2 Public Chat:
You may contribute Content to 
Public Chat rooms or shout boxes; by contributing Content to chats, You 
agree and acknowledge that Tacticsoft may charge Game Resources for such
 contribution and may remove any contribution at its own discretion. You
 also acknowledge that any contribution to chats may be read by any 
other users.
2.4.3 Offensive Content:
You may flag any other 
User’s contribution, including internal messages, as offensive and allow
 Tacticsoft's managers to review said contribution. You acknowledge that
 such report shall not impose liability on any contribution not removed 
and will not impose any other obligation on Tacticsoft.
2.4.4 Messages:
You may use Services to send 
messages to users, provided that said messages are used for personal, 
non-commercial, non-harassing purposes. Tacticsoft may limit the amount 
of messages sent per day and may monitor Your use of messaging systems.
2.4.4.1 Spam:
You may not use Services to send 
unsolicited, non-personal messages, promote any business or otherwise 
encourage Users to make any purchase or subscription.
2.4.4.2 Block, Ignore:
You may block specific Users 
or User group; however, by blocking said Users and/or groups, You 
acknowledge that such messages will not be received by You and hereby 
release Tacticsoft from any damage arising from such block.
2.4.4.3 Delete, No Backup:
You acknowledge that any 
deletion of any message will cause it to be deleted in a manner which 
may not be restored. Tacticsoft shall not restore any backup or archive 
of Your old messages and You should retain physical copies of messages 
or refrain from using the message system within Services for important 
messages or or any information which is confidential or published 
according to law.
2.4.4.4 Automatic Removal:
You acknowledge that 
messages are deleted in automated processes from time to time in order 
to conserve Services' system resources; however, You may archive 
messages for specific durations in exchange for Game Resources.
2.4.5 Usernames:
You undertake not to use any 
offensive username, including copyright-infringing names, names which 
dilute trademarks or trade names, names that infringe any 3rd party 
right, names that are considered objectionable or offensive. You 
acknowledge that Your User Account may be terminated or suspended should
 You use any offensive username.
2.4.6 Offensive Material:
You may not post any 
Content which may contain or be deemed as (i) profanity, obscenities, 
sexual context or content, pornographic display or conduct, or initiate 
sexually-oriented proposals to minors; (ii) requests with sexual 
orientation, including promotion of dating services and escort services;
 (iii) slander or defame any User without the User’s prior written 
consent, or offend, threaten, insult, harass or disturb any User without
 their prior written consent; (iv) promote illegal activity, including 
conspiring and/or ganging against other users; (v) initiate any activity
 involving games of luck, gambling or promotional competitions involving
 prizes not affiliated with Tacticsoft; (vi) publish Copyright, 
Trademark and Patent infringing materials; (vii) publish personally 
identifiable information, either of yourself or of other users; (viii) 
initiate political, social, racial, religious or any other intolerant 
speech; (ix) involve pyramid schemes and/or chain mail; (x) provide 
links for any commercial and/or promotional business of third parties; 
(xi) use obscene usernames; (xii) request any other User's personal User
 Account information; (xiii) initiate scams; (xiv) post repetitive 
messages; (xv) inject or post any malicious computer code or binary or 
any Trojan horse, cross site script or malware to Services; (xvi)any 
false description or appropriation as to Your affiliation as Tacticsoft 
staff or representative; (xvii) any unlawful material or material 
requiring governmental authorization for transacting information; 
(xviii) forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to 
disguise the origin of any information transmitted or requested; (xix) 
publish or transmit any Content that You do not have a right to publish 
or transmit under any law or under contractual or fiduciary 
relationships (including but not limited to inside information or 
proprietary and confidential information learned or disclosed as part of
 employment relationships or under nondisclosure agreements); (xx) 
interfere with or disrupt the Services or servers or networks connected 
to Services, or disobey any requirements, procedures, policies, or 
regulations of networks connected to Services, intentionally or 
unintentionally.
2.4.7 Moderation and Removal:
Tacticsoft may, at its
 sole discretion, remove any Content, delay the publication of any 
Content or amend any Content. You shall have no claim as to Tacticsoft's
 intervention in Content and shall hold Tacticsoft harmless to any 
Content moderated, removed, or amended.
2.5 Takedown Notices:
Should You encounter any 
Content which You consider infringing on any of Your rights, You may 
contact Tacticsoft at any time and request that such content be removed.
 Tacticsoft may remove infringing content at its sole discretion or 
shall inquire and try to contact the User who posted the Content. Should
 the User request to leave content intact, Tacticsoft shall supply You 
with the contact details of said user, so that You may pursue litigation
 against said user. By sending Tacticsoft a takedown notice according to
 this clause, You waive any claim against Tacticsoft for any 
infringement of Your rights by any user.
2.6 Defraud Mechanisms:
Tacticsoft may operate any 
mechanisms or means in order to police and uphold Tacticsoft's policy. 
Amongst other things, Tacticsoft may perform audits on User Credit and 
transactions in Game Resources, review Your messages and transactions 
with other users, check whether You use multiple User Accounts from one 
IP address, and determine whether You perform any actions which were 
reported as offensive. Keep in mind that Tacticsoft retains logs of 
administrative activity and that Administrators shall not perform any 
activity in User Accounts.
2.7 Referral Program:
Tacticsoft may operate any 
Referral Programs that shall provide You with Game Resources if You 
refer to Services any Users that purchase Tokens. Tacticsoft may 
determine, at its sole discretion, any Game Resources that shall be 
granted to You should You refer any new users.
3 Privacy Policy:
Tacticsoft values Your privacy and
 therefore has set up this extensive Privacy Policy in order to notify 
You when and what data is stored, what is being processed and what is 
being disclosed to 3rd parties.
3.1 Safe Harbor:
Though Tacticsoft is not a US based
 organization, its privacy policy is in strict compliance with the US 
Export Authority's Safe Harbor Principles 
(http://www.export.gov/safeharbor) and is in full and strict compliance 
with all Israeli privacy regulations.
3.2 Data Collected:
Tactisoft collects data about 
Yours and other Users' activity including aggregated non-personal 
information, personal information, email addresses, behavioral 
information and clickstream information. Tacticsoft also retains certain
 information regarding transactions and purchases made via Services.
3.2.1 Personal Information Collected:
Tacticsoft 
retains both the contact information you provided it and information 
regarding User behavior and clickstream which may be mined or processed 
in order to generate non-personally identifiable User profiles or to 
profile a specific User under a specific non-personally identifiable 
User profile.
3.2.2 Non-Personal Data:
Tacticsoft logs 
non-personal information including, but not only, identifying the 
computer You are browsing from, Your IP address, Your session time and 
Your visiting time to each webpage.
3.3 Data Not Collected:
Tacticsoft is working with 
accordance to international regulation and EU standards of privacy and 
therefore shall never retain or request any information regarding ethnic
 origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, 
trade-union or political party membership, personal health, personal 
sexual preferences or personal sex life. Tacticsoft shall never retain 
or request data regarding User passwords or exact geographical location.
 You should report the Game Administrator at Tacticsoft should You 
encounter any person or electronic service claiming to receive such 
information immediately.
3.4 Who Has Access to Your Data?
Apart from 
Tacticsoft and its personnel, who act in order to enforce these terms 
and protect your privacy, Tacticsoft may provide your data to selected 
3rd parties in order to process payments and may provide its affiliates 
with statistical, aggregated, non-personally identifiable information in
 order to calculate affiliate fees, generate statistical reports and 
provide them with its services. Moreover, TacticSoft uses Google 
Adwords' free conversion tracking feature.
3.5 No Duty To Retain Data:
Please keep in mind that
 though Tacticsoft has the right to retain this data, it may remove it 
at any time and from time to time, according to its policies.
3.6 How Data is Collected:
Both non-identifiable 
personal and non-personal data are collected in the same manner: when 
You use Services, a flash shared object and/or a session cookie are 
placed in Your computer. Tacticsoft logs all Your activities via raw 
access logs and 3rd party statistical services which adhere to this 
Privacy Policy. Moreover, when you browse TacticSoft's website after 
being directed from one of its affiliated, a Cookie is stored on your 
computer for 30 days detailing the identity of such referral.
3.7 When is data erased:
Your account may be 
terminated at any time, according to Your request. At Termination, 
Tacticsoft shall remove all personally identifiable data it is not 
required to retain according to law. Tacticsoft shall never disclose 
Your personal identity to 3rd Parties and shall never provide them with 
identifiable personal information without Your consent or without any 
action on Your behalf. When You make purchases or physical transactions 
relating to Services, Tacticsoft may disclose personally identifiable 
information to the 3rd party with which You transacted. When You make 
transactions through Services, we may also disclose the existence of 
such transaction to Users and disclose some information relating to it.
3.8 Adherence:
3rd party advertisers, analytical 
services, advertisers and other parties Tacticsoft contracts must adhere
 to a privacy policy which complies with either a EU Member State 
regulation or the US Safe Harbor regulation in order to receive 
information from Tacticsoft. Moreover, 3rd parties must also exercise 
security and data protection standards. Certain portions of the Service 
use Google Adsense and Google Analytics, which collects and aggregates 
cross-site data, which is used in order to display customized 
advertisements.
3.9 Security:
Data is collected and stored on 
Tacticsoft's servers or servers of 3rd parties operating on its behalf. 
Tacticsoft's records which include stored data will not be disclosed to 
any party unless compelled to do so by a judicial order or law; 
Tacticsoft shall use our best efforts to protect this database from any 
malicious activity and request 3rd parties strict confidentiality 
regarding use of the data disclosed.
3.10 Removal of data:
You may view Your User Account
 details at any time and send Tacticsoft comments regarding incorrect 
User information stored on Tacticsoft's database; these requests should 
be made by email to our privacy officer. Should You request to remove 
all personal information stored about you, please send our privacy 
officer with such request.
Tacticsoft may refuse to remove, disclose or amend data where You 
have not supplied with sufficient evidence as to the identity of the 
requesting party. As Tacticsoft takes care for the privacy of others, 
including Users who share the same internet connection and/or computer, 
it may cause grave harm to disclose personal information without such 
identification. Also, Tacticsoft may retain data or refuse to amend it 
where such amendment was technical and redundant, jeopardizes the 
privacy of other parties or users, including 3rd parties' trade secrets 
and intellectual property or require major technical efforts which are 
not in proportion with the benefit from amending the data.
3.11 Accountability:
As Tacticsoft's Users' and 
affiliates' data is valuable, Tacticsoft has appointed a privacy officer
 in charge of the execution of this privacy policy. If You feel that 
Your privacy and rights according to this privacy policy had been 
violated, please contact Privacy Matters, Tacticsoft Ltd. Amot Bldg. 11 
Kiryat Mada St. Har Hotzvim, Jerusalem, Israel. or at 
Privacy@tacticsoft.net . Tacticsoft shall take the best of means to 
assure that Your data shall be retained and processed by the best of 
means and that every dispute shall be taken care of and resolved. 
Tacticsoft's privacy officer shall compile quarterly reports regarding 
privacy complaints and violations and provide details as to actions 
taken and remedies.
4  License:
You are hereby granted a limited license
 to run any software downloaded from Tacticsoft's website, including 
flash objects, on Your computer; provided, however, that You may not 
distribute, amend or otherwise perform any action which is in violation 
of this agreement. You may not redistribute any portion of Services and 
You may not frame Services in webpages hosted by you. You may not run 
Services outside of Tacticsoft's website and may not interfere with 
Services' transactions.
5 Emails:
Tacticsoft may use stored user's email to 
send newsletters and information on the games of Tacticsoft to the user.
 The user may revoke his consent at any time in writing (e.g. by email).
 The user shall be given the opportunity in every newsletter sent by 
Tacticsoft to refuse to accept further information and to dispatch an 
appropriate revocation.
6 Forums:
Tacticsoft's forums (“Forums”) are powered
 by phpBB which is a bulletin board solution released under the General 
Public License ( “GPL”) and can be downloaded from http://www.phpbb.com.
 The phpBB software only facilitates internet based discussions; the 
phpBB shall not be deemed responsible for what Tacticsoft allows and/or 
disallows as permissible content and/or conduct. For further information
 about phpBB, please see: http://www.phpbb.com/.
6.1 Posting Content:
You may post Content to Forums,
 open a new Forum or erase Your Forum, all with accordance to this 
Agreement, provided, however, that Tacticsoft may moderate or amend any 
Content or moderate Your Forum by adding an Administrator on its behalf.
6.2 Accuracy:
Forums may include data relating to 
gameplay and/or other features in Services. You hereby acknowledge that 
such data is entered by Users and is not official Tacticsoft notices, 
manuals or walk-troughs. Tacticsoft takes absolutely no responsibility 
on the accuracy of ANY data posted on Forums.
7 Battle Dawn Rules:
Battle Dawn is a game based on 
strategy, community and skill. Your goal is to ultimately become the 
strongest leader on Your planet, supreme to all others. You must learn 
to use diplomacy, resources and military to aid in Your quest for 
ultimate power. You'll soon discover that greatness can be only achieved
 through teamwork
7.1  Duration:
Battle Dawn consists of game cycles, 
which may be determined by each Game Administrator, or may be played 
until specific goals set by Game Administrators are met.
7.2 Eligibility:
You may play Battle Dawn with Your 
User Account in several worlds, and build one Colony on each world. You 
may not create and manage more than one Colony in a single Battle Dawn 
world, even with multiple User Accounts. You may not allow 3rd parties 
to generate Colonies on Your behalf or for Your benefit. Tacticsoft may 
notify Users should it consider You to be in violation of this clause 
either by attaching an icon to Your Colony or any other means.
7.3 Goal & Prizes:
Each world's Game 
Administrator may set specific Goals, which if You meet, You (or any 
other User) may receive additional Game Resources or any other Prize. 
The Game Administrator shall have sole discretion on determining Goals 
or Prizes. Tacticsoft may publish Users' scores at the end of Game's 
Cycle. Tacticsoft may remove any User from such publication for any 
reason.
7.4 Colony:
When initiating gameplay in Battle Dawn,
 You shall be required to locate a suitable location for a Colony; You 
may only establish one Colony per world, and may establish more 
outposts. You should select Your unique ruler name and Colony name.
7.5 Occupation and Rebellion:
Note that Your Colony 
may be occupied by other Users, in which case, You will lose some of 
Your Game Resources and may be required to pay other Users a percentage 
of Your Game Resources. You may also lose Your control over other Users'
 colonies.
7.6 Alliances:
You may join alliances in order to 
complete Your Goal; however, please note that some alliances have 
specific codes of conduct and that You cannot attack allied colonies. 
You may form Alliances and enact codes of conduct as well. Tacticsoft 
may limit the number of Users in an Alliance and Alliances.
7.7 Spies:
You may set up Intelligence and Spies, 
which may disclose data about other Users' Colonies and activity; 
however please note that Your activity may be monitored as well.
7.8 Colony Deletion:
Tacticsoft may remove Your 
Colony, including vacationed colonies, after a set number of days 
without activity or should it believe that Your inactivity may interfere
 with gameplay. Please note that Supporting Users' Colonies may be 
removed after longer periods of inactivity, but are still subject to the
 Game Administrator's sole discretion; any termination according to this
 clause is irreversible.
7.9 Vacation:
You may set Your Colony to Vacation 
Mode; in which case, 12 ticks after Your entrance to Vacation Mode, Your
 colony shall not be involved in gameplay, You shall not receive any 
Game Resources. However, occupied colonies may rebel against You and You
 may lose Your control over them and Your outposts. Please note that 
stepping into Vacation Mode shall not cause scheduled attacks and/or 
attacks by forces which are already on their way to You.
7.10 Resources:
You shall receive resources from 
structures and workers in Your colony as well as Your occupied Colonies,
 according to Game Administrator's discretion; however, when Colonies 
are deleted or removed due to inactivity or other termination, You will 
be entitled to operate an Outpost instead of occupied Colony or remove 
such outpost to gain Game Resources.
7.11 Tokens:
You may purchase tokens which may be 
converted to Game Resources. Such purchase may be made by 3rd party 
services and with accordance to this Agreement. You may not transfer 
tokens or transact with other Users to convey Game Resources gained by 
Token purchases. You may not convey or transact in any sale or purchase 
of Purchased Tokens from other players against actual funds.
7.12 Bonuses and Grants:
Each Game Administrator 
may, at its own discretion, convey Game Resources for any User should 
such User (i) contribute in bug detection or bug fixes; (ii) incur 
damages from bugs or any violation of this Agreement by other Users. 
Game Administrators may also grant general bonuses in Game Resources to 
all Users should specific conditions are met, or a set amount of Tokens 
shall be purchased.
7.13 Resource Caps:
Tacticsoft may determine resource Caps on Game Resources in order to maintain balanced and fun gameplay.
8 Supermechs Rules:
Supermechs is a tactical turn 
based game. Your goal is to ultimately become the best Mech and to 
defeat the other Mechs. In order to do so, you shall fight both computer
 based Mechs and other Mechs in multiplayer mode.
8.1 Gameplay:
Your gameplay at Supermechs is either against your friends, other Users or computer based characters.
8.2 Virtual Goods:
Virtual Goods: You can enhance 
your Mech by purchasing virtual goods, such as advanced weapons, 
shields, torsos, modules and kits. Such purchase shall be made by 
Credits.
8.3 Credits:
You can obtain credits by either of the
 following methods: (i) when you win a fight or achieve certain goals, 
which are deemed according to Tacticsoft's sole discretion; (ii) when 
you convert Tokens to Credits, at rates deemed by Tacticsoft's sole 
discretion; (iii) when you participate in Tacticsoft's affiliated 
programs, fill out surveys and/or participate in activities.
8.4 Tokens:
You may purchase tokens which may be 
converted to Game Resources. Such purchase may be made by 3rd party 
services and with accordance to this Agreement. You may not transfer 
tokens or transact with other Users to convey Game Resources gained by 
Token purchases. You may not convey or transact in any sale or purchase 
of Purchased Tokens from other players against actual funds.
8.5 Eligibility:
You may play Supermechs with Your 
User Account in and have one mech. You may not create and manage more 
than one One Mech throught Supermechs, even with multiple User Accounts.
You may not allow 3rd parties to play Supermechs on Your behalf or 
for Your benefit. Tacticsoft may notify Users should it consider You to 
be in violation of this clause either by attaching an icon to Your 
Colony or any other means.
9 Further games:
Tacticsoft may operate future 
games, which will be subject to this Agreement. Should any specific 
conditions be required to play said games, Tacticsoft shall incorporate 
these conditions either in this Agreement or specifically within the 
Game.
10 Affiliate Program:
Tacticsoft shall provide you 
with an option to enroll to Tacticsoft's Affiliate Program (“Affiliate 
Program”); by using the Affiliate Program you shall be entitled to 
receive fees, as determined from time to time by Tacticsoft, out of the 
net income incurred by any Users or Supporting Users referred by You.
10.1 Affiliate Panel:
Tacticsoft shall provide you 
with access to an interactive affiliate panel which shall allow you to 
create unique referral links (“Referral Links”) and present you with 
statistics in regards to the number of Users you referred to 
TacticSoft's services, the number of clicks on your links and the 
revenues generated.
10.2 Tracking and Revenues:
When any User shall 
click on any Referral Link containing your unique referral code, a 
Cookie shall be stored on that User's computer and browser and shall 
identify the said user as qualifying users. Once a qualifying user makes
 a purchase, You shall be entitled to receive a referral fee.
10.3 Affiliate Fee:
You shall be entitled for fees 
in consideration of your qualifying users, as determined by Tacticsoft 
from time to time, either (i) a Referral Fee out of the actual net 
revenues incurred by Tacticsoft, (where net revenues are calculated as 
Tacticsoft's actual revenues from qualifying users, after a deduction of
 all 3rd party clearing costs, credit card transaction fees, chargebacks
 and all other expenses as deemed by Tacticsoft); Or (ii) an Action Fee 
based on the Qualifying Users, based on a cost per action schedule 
presented by TacticSoft and updated from time to time (such as upon 
successful registration), which may be based on specific countries, 
actions or numbers. The Afiliate fee shall be paid upon your request, 
and provided that your balance exceeds 100 US$ (“The Minimum Fee”). 
Should your balance not meet the Minimum Fee, then Tacticsoft shall pay 
You when your balance reaches the Minimum Fee.
TacticSoft may employ fraud detection methods to find fraud or unethical conduct, and in such case, adjust your Affiliate Fee.
10.4 Affiliate Conduct:
You agree to use the 
Affiliate Program only in a legal and ethical manner. You must adhere to
 the terms of article 2.2.2 in regards to ethical use, and maintain all 
relevant laws and regulations when advertising the Affiliate Program.
10.5 CPA Affiliate Rules:
We do not allow incentive, spam, content lockers or proxy surfing into our games and it's will not count as legal traffic.
11 General TOS:
11.1 Rates:
Tacticsoft may charge fees for gameplay,
 Services or any other activity or for any premium activity, including 
extra Game Resources. Tacticsoft may amend these rates at any time by 
its sole discretion.
11.2 Payment through 3rd Parties:
Tacticsoft may 
contract 3rd parties to collect funds and/or payments by users. Payment 
may be made available either by credit cards, premium text messages or 
premium phone numbers. Tacticsoft shall not be liable should any payment
 be delayed or not be conveyed to Tacticsoft.
11.3 Subscriptions:
If you subscribe to any of 
Tacticsoft's services, you agree to pay the subscription fees until you 
otherwise terminate your subscription.
11.4 Refund:
All payments made according to this 
Agreement are final. By no cause shall Tacticsoft reimburse or refund 
any payments. Should Your User Account be hacked, You will not be 
refunded for any losses, even if the loss of control results in the 
deletion of Your User Account.Should You, by any mean or way, revoke or 
cancel any of Your payments to Tacticsoft, Tacticsoft shall be allowed 
to supply the 3rd party clearing or payment service any information 
about such transaction; including, but not only, Your email address, 
Your IP address and Your in-game activity pursuant to such denied 
transaction.
11.5 Compensation:
TacticSoft maintains the right to
 compensate You with Game Resources; however, such decisions are at the 
sole discretion of Tacticsoft and shall not be constructed as an 
obligatory right.
11.6 Advertisements:
Tacticsoft may, at its own 
discretion and for its causes, include within Services any links for 3rd
 party websites, advertisements or links for applications (“3rd Party 
Content”). Tacticsoft does not warrant for 3 rd Party Content or 
availability thereof nor does it endorse it. Tacticsoft shall not be 
held, or claimed to be held, liable for any 3rd Party Content, its 
legality or illegality, its adequacy with regulations and its quality. 
Moreover, You agree not to circumvent any 3rd Party Content by any ad 
blocking software or any other mean.
11.7 Liability:
For no case and for no reason shall 
Tacticsoft be held liable for any damage, direct or indirect, 
consequential, exemplary, physical or special, to You, any User or any 3
 rd party due to its lack of performance of duties herein. Tacticsoft 
supplies Services on an AS-IS basis and shall not be held liable, to the
 extent permitted by law, by any case of misconduct, negligence, gross 
negligence, malice or any other mean, to any damages or loss of 
property, including damages to: virtual property, reputation and 
business reputation, User Account information including login 
information, loss of profit, loss of good name, all resulting from the 
use of, or inability to use, Services or services rendered by 
Tacticsoft.
11.8 No Warranty:
Tacticsoft does not warrant its 
Services and supplies it on an “as-is” and “as-available” basis. Your 
use of Services is at Your own risk and under Your liability. Tacticsoft
 makes no warranty that (i) the service will meet Your requirements 
,(ii) the service will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free, 
(iii) the results that may be obtained from the Use of Services will be 
accurate or reliable, (iv) the quality of any products, services, 
information, or other material purchased or obtained by You through 
Services will meet Your expectations, or (v) any errors in the software 
will be corrected. Any software element or digital file downloaded or 
otherwise obtained through the use of Services is done at Your own 
discretion and risk. You are solely responsible for any damage to Your 
computer system or loss of data or damage to computer machinery results 
from the download of any such material. No advice or information, 
whether oral or written, obtained by You from Tacticsoft and/or through 
or from Services shall create any warranty not expressly stated in this 
Agreement.
11.9 Indemnification:
You agree to hold Tacticsoft 
harmless and to indemnify Tacticsoft for any lawsuit brought against it 
by You, Your successors or any other party on Your behalf in 
contradiction to this Agreement or for any damage to any 3rd party 
caused by Your conduct. You also agree to indemnify Tacticsoft for any 
damage, whether direct or consequential arising from any breach of this 
agreement, including injection of malicious code, misrepresentation of 
copyright, trademarks or patents or any other breach of this agreement 
against any other Users.
11.10 No Supervision:
You acknowledge that any 
supervision of User conduct by Tacticsoft does not create liability 
whatsoever and is for statistical purposes and in order to monitor User 
behavior in general. Tacticsoft shall not be held liable even if it is 
aware of User conduct in breach of this agreement.
11.11 Copyright:
Services are owned by TacticSoft 
and are protected by copyrights, trademarks, and other intellectual 
property rights. You may not copy or download any content from Services 
unless You have express authorization Tacticsoft to do so. You shall not
 copy, transmit, modify, distribute, show in public, modify or create 
any derivative works from the Services or Content, unless Tacticsoft 
expressly authorizes You in writing to do so. Making unauthorized copies
 of any portion of Services or Content may lead to the termination of 
Your User Account and may subject You to further legal action.
11.12 Translation:
Tacticsoft allows Users to 
translate Services to languages, including gameplay definition and other
 portions of the User interface in Services.
Should You wish to take part in such translation, You hereby agree:
11.12.1 Sufficiency and Literacy:
You are both literate in English and the language to which You are translating the Services.
11.12.2 Grant of License:
All Your translations and 
other contributions shall be deemed as Content according to this 
Agreement, and Tacticsoft shall have the perpetual right to distribute, 
publish, amend, relicense, convey and hold title to all Your 
contributions. You acknowledge that You may not receive any credit for 
Your contribution and that Your contributions may be rejected.
11.12.3 No Malicious Content:
You shall not post content or translations, which are inaccurate or which are considered offensive.
11.12.4 Warranty:
You will be solely liable to other Users should You translate Services in an offensive or inaccurate manner.
11.12.5 No Warranty:
You acknowledge that Tacticsoft
 shall not be liable to any User translation of Services and agree to 
hold Tacticsoft harmless from any inaccurate translation.
11.12.6 Report offensive:
You can report about any 
offensive translation to Tacticsoft, and Tacticsoft shall take proper 
means to inspect said translation.
11.13 Severability:
The provisions of Section 10 of this Agreement shall survive the termination of this Agreement.
11.14 Termination:
Tacticsoft may, at its sole 
discretion, terminate this Agreement, Services, Application or any other
 service rendered by it due to any reason, including any fault or 
malfunction, for any User, including You, or with no reason at all or 
for any reason, including, without limitation, for lack of use or if 
Tacticsoft believes that You have violated or acted inconsistently with 
the understandings or spirit of this Agreement or for any reason decided
 by Tacticsoft as a cause for termination. Tacticsoft may also, in its 
sole discretion and at any time discontinue providing Services, or any 
part thereof, with or without notice. You agree that any termination of 
Your access to Services under any provision of this Agreement may be 
effected without prior notice, and acknowledge and agree that Tacticsoft
 may immediately deactivate or delete Your User Account and all related 
information and files in Your account and/or bar any further access to 
such files or the service. Furthermore, You agree that Tacticsoft shall 
not be liable to You or any third-party for any termination of Your 
access to Services.
11.15 Entire Agreement, Waiver:
This Agreement 
constitutes the entire understandings between parties and will only be 
amended in writing. No waiver on behalf of Tacticsoft to perform any of 
its rights under this agreement shall constitute amendments of it.
11.16 Governing Law:
This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Israel, including its regulation regarding conflict of laws.
11.17 No Class Action:
You undertake not to initiate
 any class action, for any reason, against Tacticsoft and to claim Your 
damages only according to this agreement.
11.18 Jurisdiction:
Any conflict arising from this Agreement shall be brought solely to the competent courts of Tel-Aviv, Israel.
This website and its contents are copyright © 2009 Tacticsoft Ltd.
Use of this website is subject to our
Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy