This Privacy Policy describes our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of your information when you use the site and tells you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you.
By using the site, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Interpretation and Definitions
The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.
Definitions
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:
Account
means a unique account created for you to access our site or parts of our site.
Company
(referred to as either “the Company”, “we”, “us” or “our” in this Agreement) refers to Black Ink GmbH, Invalidenstrasse 112, 10115 Berlin, Germany.
For the purpose of the GDPR, the Company is the Data Controller.
Cookies
are small files that are placed on your computer, mobile device or any other device by a website, containing the details of your browsing history on that website among its many uses.
Data Controller
, for the purposes of the GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation), refers to the Company as the legal person which alone or jointly with others determines the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Data.
Device
means any device that can access the site such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.
Facebook Fan Page
is a public profile named The Talks specifically created by the Company on the Facebook social network, accessible from https://www.facebook.com/TheTalksInterviews
Personal Data
is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.
For the purposes for GDPR, Personal Data means any information relating to you such as a name, an identification number, location data, online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity.
Site
refers to the Website.
Site Provider
means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the site, to provide the site on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the site or to assist the Company in analyzing how the site is used. For the purpose of the GDPR, site Providers are considered Data Processors.
Third-party Social Media site
refers to any website or any social network website through which a User can log in or create an account to use the site.
Usage Data
refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the site or from the site infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
Website
refers to The Talks, accessible from https://www.the-talks.com
You
means the individual accessing or using the site, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the site, as applicable.
Under GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation), you can be referred to as the Data Subject or as the User as you are the individual using the site.
Collecting and Using your Personal Data
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using our site, personally identifiable information may be collected. This includes, but is not limited to:
Usage Data
Email address, if the user consents to sign up for the site’s newsletter
Usage Data
Usage Data is collected automatically when using the site.
Usage Data may include information such as your Device’s Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our site that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
When you access the site by or through a mobile device, we may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
We may also collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our site or when you access the site by or through a mobile device.
Tracking Technologies and Cookies
We use Cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our site and store certain information. Tracking technologies used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our site. The technologies we use may include:
Cookies or Browser Cookies
. A cookie is a small file placed on your Device. you can instruct your browser to refuse all Cookies or to indicate when a Cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept Cookies, you may not be able to use some parts of our site. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse Cookies, our site may use Cookies.
Flash Cookies
. Certain features of our site may use local stored objects (or Flash Cookies) to collect and store information about your preferences or your activity on our site. Flash Cookies are not managed by the same browser settings as those used for Browser Cookies. For more information on how you can delete Flash Cookies, please read “Where can I change the settings for disabling, or deleting local shared objects?” available at https://helpx.adobe.com/flash-player/kb/disable-local-shared-objects-flash.html#main_Where_can_I_change_the_settings_for_disabling__or_deleting_local_shared_objects_
Web Beacons
. Certain sections of our site and our emails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit the Company, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an email and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of a certain section and verifying system and server integrity).
Cookies can be “Persistent” or “Session” Cookies. Persistent Cookies remain on your personal computer or mobile device when you go offline, while Session Cookies are deleted as soon as you close your web browser. Learn more about cookies: What Are Cookies?.
We use both Session and Persistent Cookies for the purposes set out below:
Necessary / Essential Cookies
Type: Session Cookies
Administered by: Us
Purpose: These Cookies are essential to provide you with services available through the Website and to enable you to use some of its features. They help to authenticate users and prevent fraudulent use of user accounts. Without these Cookies, the services that you have asked for cannot be provided, and we only use these Cookies to provide you with those services.
Cookies Policy / Notice Acceptance Cookies
Type: Persistent Cookies
Administered by: Us
Purpose: These Cookies identify if users have accepted the use of cookies on the Website.
Tracking and Performance Cookies
Type: Persistent Cookies
Administered by: Third-Parties
Purpose: These Cookies are used to track information about traffic to the Website and how users use the Website. The information gathered via these Cookies may directly or indirectly identify you as an individual visitor. This is because the information collected is typically linked to a pseudonymous identifier associated with the device you use to access the Website. We may also use these Cookies to test new pages, features or new functionality of the Website to see how our users react to them.
For more information about the cookies we use and your choices regarding cookies, please visit our Cookies Policy or the Cookies section of our Privacy Policy.
Use of your Personal Data
The Company may use Personal Data for the following purposes:
To provide and maintain our site
, including to monitor the usage of our site.
To contact you
: To contact you by email, telephone calls, SMS, or other equivalent forms of electronic communication, such as a mobile application’s push notifications regarding updates or informative communications related to the functionalities, products or contracted services, including the security updates, when necessary or reasonable for their implementation.
For business transfers
: We may use your information to evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which Personal Data held by Us about our site users is among the assets transferred.
For other purposes
: We may use your information for other purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and to evaluate and improve our site, products, services, marketing and your experience.
We may share your personal information in the following situations:
With site Providers
: We may share your personal information with site Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our site, to contact you.
For business transfers
: We may share or transfer your personal information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of Company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
With Affiliates
: We may share your information with our affiliates, in which case we will require those affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy. Affiliates include our parent company and any other subsidiaries, joint venture partners or other companies that We control or that are under common control with Us.
With business partners
: We may share your information with our business partners to offer you certain products, services or promotions.
With other users
: when you share personal information or otherwise interact in the public areas with other users, such information may be viewed by all users and may be publicly distributed outside. If you interact with other users or register through a Third-Party Social Media site, your contacts on the Third-Party Social Media site may see your name, profile, pictures and description of your activity. Similarly, other users will be able to view descriptions of your activity, communicate with you and view your profile.
With your consent
: We may disclose your personal information for any other purpose with your consent.
Retention of your Personal Data
The Company will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
The Company will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our site, or We are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.
Transfer of your Personal Data
your information, including Personal Data, is processed at the Company’s operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located. It means that this information may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
The Company will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Disclosure of your Personal Data
Business Transactions
If the Company is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, your Personal Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.
Law enforcement
Under certain circumstances, the Company may be required to disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).
Other legal requirements
The Company may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
Comply with a legal obligation
Protect and defend the rights or property of the Company
Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the site
Protect the personal safety of Users of the site or the public
Protect against legal liability
Security of your Personal Data
The security of your Personal Data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While We strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, We cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Detailed Information on the Processing of your Personal Data
Site Providers have access to your Personal Data only to perform their tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Analytics
We may use third-party site providers to monitor and analyze the use of our site.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our site. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
you can opt-out of having made your activity on the site available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: https://policies.google.com/privacy
Email Marketing
We may use your Personal Data to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt-out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we send or by contacting us.
We may use Email Marketing Site Providers to manage and send emails to you.
Mailchimp
Mailchimp is an email marketing sending service provided by The Rocket Science Group LLC.
For more information on the privacy practices of Mailchimp, please visit their Privacy policy: https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/
GDPR Privacy
Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data under GDPR
We may process Personal Data under the following conditions:
Consent
: you have given your consent for processing Personal Data for one or more specific purposes.
Performance of a contract
: Provision of Personal Data is necessary for the performance of an agreement with you and/or for any pre-contractual obligations thereof.
Legal obligations
: Processing Personal Data is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which the Company is subject.
Vital interests
: Processing Personal Data is necessary in order to protect your vital interests or of another natural person.
Public interests
: Processing Personal Data is related to a task that is carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the Company.
Legitimate interests
: Processing Personal Data is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Company.
In any case, the Company will gladly help to clarify the specific legal basis that applies to the processing, and in particular whether the provision of Personal Data is a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract.
Your Rights under the GDPR
The Company undertakes to respect the confidentiality of your Personal Data and to guarantee you can exercise your rights.
You have the right under this Privacy Policy, and by law if you are within the EU, to:
Request access to your Personal Data
. The right to access, update or delete the information we have on you. Whenever made possible, you can access, update or request deletion of your Personal Data directly within your account settings section. If you are unable to perform these actions yourself, please contact us to assist you. This also enables you to receive a copy of the Personal Data we hold about you.
Request correction of the Personal Data that We hold about you
. You have the right to have any incomplete or inaccurate information we hold about you corrected.
Object to processing of your Personal Data
. This right exists where we are relying on a legitimate interest as the legal basis for our processing and there is something about your particular situation, which makes you want to object to our processing of your Personal Data on this ground. you also have the right to object where We are processing your Personal Data for direct marketing purposes.
Request erasure of your Personal Data
. You have the right to ask us to delete or remove Personal Data when there is no good reason for us to continue processing it.
Request the transfer of your Personal Data
. We will provide to you, or to a third-party you have chosen, your Personal Data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Please note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for Us to use or where We used the information to perform a contract with you.
Withdraw your consent
. You have the right to withdraw your consent on using your Personal Data. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide you with access to certain specific functionalities of the site.
Exercising of your GDPR Data Protection Rights
You may exercise your rights of access, rectification, cancellation and opposition by contacting us. Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests. If you make a request, we will try our best to respond to you as soon as possible.
You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data. For more information, if you are in the European Economic Area (EEA), please contact your local data protection authority in the EEA.
Facebook Fan Page
Data Controller for the Facebook Fan Page
The Company is the Data Controller of your Personal Data collected while using the site. As operator of the Facebook Fan Page https://www.facebook.com/TheTalksInterviews, the Company and the operator of the social network Facebook are Joint Controllers.
The Company has entered into agreements with Facebook that define the terms for use of the Facebook Fan Page, among other things. These terms are mostly based on the Facebook Terms of site: https://www.facebook.com/terms.php
Visit the Facebook Privacy Policy https://www.facebook.com/policy.php for more information about how Facebook manages Personal data or contact Facebook online, or by mail: Facebook, Inc. ATTN, Privacy Operations, 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, CA 94025, United States.
Facebook Insights
We use the Facebook Insights function in connection with the operation of the Facebook Fan Page and on the basis of the GDPR, in order to obtain anonymized statistical data about our users.
For this purpose, Facebook places a Cookie on the device of the user visiting our Facebook Fan Page. Each Cookie contains a unique identifier code and remains active for a period of two years, except when it is deleted before the end of this period.
Facebook receives, records and processes the information stored in the Cookie, especially when the user visits the Facebook services, services that are provided by other members of the Facebook Fan Page and services by other companies that use Facebook services.
For more information on the privacy practices of Facebook, please visit Facebook Privacy Policy here: https://www.facebook.com/full_data_use_policy
Your California Privacy Rights (California’s Shine the Light law)
Under California Civil Code Section 1798 (California’s Shine the Light law), California residents with an established business relationship with us can request information once a year about sharing their Personal Data with third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes.
If you’d like to request more information under the California Shine the Light law, and if you are a California resident, you can contact Us using the contact information provided below.
California Privacy Rights for Minor Users (California Business and Professions Code Section 22581)
California Business and Professions Code section 22581 allow California residents under the age of 18 who are registered users of online sites, services or applications to request and obtain removal of content or information they have publicly posted.
To request removal of such data, and if you are a California resident, you can contact Us using the contact information provided below, and include the email address associated with your account.
Be aware that your request does not guarantee complete or comprehensive removal of content or information posted online and that the law may not permit or require removal in certain circumstances.
Links to Other Websites
Our site may contain links to other websites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our site, prior to the change becoming effective and update the “Last updated” date at the top of this Privacy Policy.
you are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can contact us by email:
info@the-talks.com