Hier geht’s zur deutschen Datenschutzerklärung
We are delighted that you are using our products. Protecting your privacy and personal data when using our products is important to us. Therefore, we adhere strictly to the rules of data protection laws. We collect personal data only insofar as necessary for the use of our services. The following explanations help you understand how we ensure this protection and which data is collected and for what purpose.
1. General
1.1
VisualHype GmbH, Agnes-Bernauer-Straße 151, 80687 München (see our
imprint
) (
“VisualHype”
), email address:
mail@visualhype.net
(
“Email Address”
), process your personal data when you use our apps (
“Apps”
) or website (
“Website”
and, together with the Apps,
“Products”
). The processing of your personal data takes place in compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation (
“GDPR”
).
1.2
In this privacy policy (
“Privacy Policy”
) we want to provide you with information about us, the nature, scope and purposes of the data collection and use, giving you insights into the processing of your personal data.
2. Controller
2.1 Controller
The controller of data processing is VisualHype. You can contact us via email under the Email Address.
2.2 Data Protection Officer
Our data protection officer can be contacted under the Email Address. Should you have any questions regarding the processing of your personal data, please do not hesitate to contact him/her.
3. Which Data We Collect And Process
3.1 In General
VisualHype processes personal data that you as a user of the Products make available to us, for example by using our Products, and that others provide to us (
“Data”
).
3.2 Data You Provide to Us
When using our Products, you have the option of transmitting health and movement data (namely steps, distance, climbing stairs, activity energy, training, gender, height, weight) in our app, which are stored on your mobile device. You can undo this step by turning off the respective approvals in the “Apple Health” app on your mobile device. When you create an account with us, this information will be broadcast to one of our servers and made visible for a defined group of users according to your specifications.
3.3 Data from Others
Registration via Facebook
If you register a VisualHype account via Facebook (Facebook Inc., 1601 South California Avenue, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA,
“Facebook”
), we will receive the following information: First and last name, email address, gender, birthdate, profile picture.
Facebook Friend List
We will receive information about your friends on Facebook if you
explicitly allow us
to access it. We will use this information to make friend suggestions in the Products, but do not store it.
Import Fitness Activity Information from Connected Accounts
Apple HealthKit.
We use Apple’s (Apple Inc., 1 Infinite Loop, Cupertino, CA 95014, USA; “Apple”) HealthKit (for more information see
here
) framework, which provides a central repository for health and fitness data on iPhone and Apple Watch and – with the user’s
explicit consent
– lets apps communicate with the HealthKit store to access and share this data. We process the following Data, obtained through the HealthKit framework and the Apple CoreMotion processor (for more information see
here
), for the purposes described below and with
explicit consent
by the user: gender, steps, weight, height, calories, distance, floors walked and duration. New data attributes may be added to the HealthKit framework, which will be portrayed in the Product and which you have to consent to. VisualHype and VisualHype’s analytics service providers may analyze engagement data for research purposes designed to provide a personalized experience and motivate engagement in healthy habits. VisualHype does not use information gained through the HealthKit framework for advertising or similar services. You can always stop VisualHype from accessing your data by changing the settings of your mobile device.
3.4 Service Use
Google Analytics
This Website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service of Google. Google Analytics uses cookies.
See our Cookie Policy
for more information on cookies and how to opt-out of them. We use Google Analytics to analyze and constantly improve the use of our Products. The Products use Google Analytics in conjunction with the option “_anonymizeIP()”. This means, IP addresses are processed in a shortened form in order to prevent transmission of any personal data. The basis for the processing of Data are our legitimate interests.
Google Analytics for Mobile
General.
For Apps on iOS and Android we use Google’s Google Analytics for Mobile (for more information see
here
). User data is transmitted in an anonymized form to Google. Our Apps use identification for mobile devices, including the Google Advertising ID (“GAID”) and the ID for Advertising for iOS (“IDFA”), as well as technologies similar to cookies for the use execution of the Analytics for mobile service.
Purpose.
We use Google Analytics to analyze and constantly improve the use of our Products. Through the statistics we are able to improve our services and make them more interesting for users. In those special cases in which personal data is transmitted to the USA, Google is certified via EU-US privacy shield. The basis for the processing of Data are our legitimate interests.
Facebook Analytics
For Apps on iOS and Android we use Facebook Analytics (for more information see
here
). This allows us to us to track and analyze which marketing channels or sources, in connection with Facebook, are producing the best results for directing users to download the Products and to help us understand how our users are using our app. For this purpose, Facebook Analytics processes mobile identifiers such as the IDFA, GAID or similar mobile identifiers. For more information on Facebook Analytics, see
here.
The basis for the processing of Data are our legitimate interests.
3.5 Cookies and Similar Technologies
Cookies
What Are Cookies.
The Website uses “cookies” – small text files that are placed on your computer, mobile device and/or stored by the browser. The basis for the processing of Data via cookies are our legitimate interests.
Cookie Policy.
For more information on the cookies we use, which, if any, personal data they collect, and how to disable them, please see our Cookie Policy
here.
Plug-Ins
The VisualHype Products include social media plug-ins, such as (i) Facebook; (ii) Google +, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043; (iii) Twitter, 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA; and (iv) WhatsApp, WhatsApp Inc., 650 Castro Street, Suite 120-219, Mountain View, CA 94041, USA.
Such plug-ins can recognize a user’s IP address and the page visited on the visualhype.net platform and, possibly, store cookies, so that the services offered by VisualHype work properly. Some Apps may use functions of third parties (e.g. Facebook) through the third party’s SDK (Software Development Kit), which may process general device data (e.g. device ID, etc.). Social media plug-ins and widgets are hosted either by third-party providers or directly by us. Your interactions with these plugins are subject to this Privacy Policy or the privacy policy of any third party that offers such feature. The basis for the processing of Data via plug-ins are our legitimate interests.
VISUALHYPE IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE USE OF, OR GUIDELINES REGARDING THE USE OF, PERSONAL DATA BY THIRD-PARTY PROVIDERS.
Users may recognize the respective plug-ins of third parties, e.g. by the respective logo or other characteristics typical for the respective social media platform on our Website. You can find an overview of Facebook plug-ins
here.
You can find an overview of Google+ plug-ins
here.
You can find an overview of Twitter plug-ins
here.
If a user interacts with the plug-ins, e.g. by clicking on the Facebook “Like” button or entering a comment, while being logged in to said user’s Social Media account on Facebook, Google+, or Twitter, a user links the contents of the VisualHype Website to his/her respective social media profile. Thereby, Facebook/Google+/Twitter can associate a user’s visit or use of the Products with said user’s social media account. VisualHype, as the provider of the Products, does not have any knowledge of the content of the transmitted data or its usage by Facebook, Google+, or Twitter. Users can find more information on the issue of data transmission in the privacy policy of the respective social media platform:
Facebook:
http://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
Google+:
http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Twitter:
https://twitter.com/privacy
If users do not want to have the respective social media platform associate their visits to our Website with their social media account, users must log out from their social media account.
Do Not Track Signals
The Products do not recognize or respond to browser-initiated Do Not Track signals. To learn more about Do Not Track signals, you can visit
https://allaboutdnt.com.
3.6 Device and Location Information
When you visit or leave our Products, we receive
the URL of both the site you came from and the one you go to next, as well as date and time stamp and time zone;
IP address, access status/HTTP status code;
transmitted data volume;
proxy server, operating system, web browser (including language and version of the browser software) and add-ons;
device identifier and features; and/or
ISP or your mobile carrier.
4. Why We Process Data (“Purposes”)
4.1 Operating the Products
We process your Data to be able to provide you with a seamless user experience when using the Products.
Providing Services.
To operate the Products and provide the services, including to
authenticate your access to an account;
track and display your health and fitness activities
show your training progress and statistics; and
Connect with Friends.
To make it easier for you to find and connect with others. We may use the information you have shared within the Products to suggest connections between you and people you may know. For example, we may associate information that we learn about you through your and your friends’ use of the Products, and information you and others provide, to suggest people you may know or may want to transact with through our Products.
Customer Support.
To investigate, respond to your requests, and resolve complaints and service issues, e.g. to contact you about a question you submitted to our customer service team.
4.2 Business Needs
We process your Data to manage our business needs.
Performance.
We process Data to monitor, analyse and improve the use of our Products, as well as protect the security or integrity of the Products, and their performance and functionality. For example, we analyze user behaviour and perform research about the way you use our Products.
Research and Development.
We process Data, including public feedback, to conduct research for the further development of our Products, in order to provide you and others with a better, more intuitive and personalized experience, and drive user growth and engagement in our Products.
Marketing General.
We process Data to deliver (tailored) marketing materials about VisualHype products and online services to you.
Email/Push Message Marketing.
With your
explicit consent
we will send you marketing emails or push messages with information on fitness and health-related topics. We will ask you to confirm your email address before you receive any marketing emails.
We would like to inform you that we assess your user behavior when reading the emails with the help of so-called web beacons or tracking pixels. The information created by this is then linked to the information collected in 3.6, your email address, and an individual ID. With this merged information, we can create a user profile to personalize our marketing emails / push messages. We collect data on when you read our emails, or which links you click, and combine this with your actions in the Product.
We store and use your Data for the purpose of email marketing or marketing on the Website by VisualHype. You can revoke your consent to the marketing emails and push messages at any time, by clicking the link at the end of the email or changing your privacy settings concerning push messages. We store the tracking information as long as you are subscribed to our marketing emails.
Retargeting.
You might see marketing messages (ads) on the platforms listed below, if you give us your
explicit consent
to share your advertising identifier (IDFA, GAID) with those platforms. In addition, other users who have similar characteristics to you on those platforms could see marketing messages on those platforms as well (i.e. Facebook Lookalike audience). An opt-out is possible at any time in your privacy settings. It may take a few days after the opt-out until you are removed from all audiences. List of other platforms: Facebook, Instagram, Google, Twitter.
4.3 Compliance and Enforcement
Compliance.
We process your Data to comply with our obligations and in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations.
Enforcement.
We process your Data, if we think it’s necessary for security purposes or to investigate possible fraud or other violations of our Terms & Conditions or this Privacy Policy and/or attempts to harm our members or visitors.
5. Sharing of Personal Data
5.1 General
We share Data with third parties
if this is necessary, for the Purposes,
due to a request from a national authority,
due to a court ruling,
if required by law,
if necessary to investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations,
to exercise or protect the rights and safety of VisualHype, our members, personnel, or
if you have (explicitly) consented beforehand.
We attempt to notify you about legal demands for your Data when we think it is appropriate, unless prohibited by law or court order, or when the request is an emergency. We may dispute such demands when we believe that the requests are overbroad, vague or lack proper authority.
Special categories of personal data, such as heart rate data or other health data, will never be shared with advertisers or similar agencies.
5.2 Our Services
Profile
Your “StepsMate Friends” profile is fully visible to your friends on StepsMate by default. This means, as soon as you add friends in the StepsMate app, those people will be able to see your profile. In your “StepsMate Friends” settings you can set your profile visibility to “Privacy mode” to hide your steps activity from friends. Please note that your user name and profile picture are visible to everybody at all times. This is necessary to enable others to send you a friend request.
Leaderboard
If you use the “StepsMate Friends” feature, you will automatically join a Leaderboard of accumulated number of steps among your friends. This means, once a friend request is accepted, you will be part of the Leaderboard. You can opt out of the Leaderboard by removing all friends or deleting your “StepsMate Friends” account.
5.3 Services You May Use
VisualHype lets you connect to third-party services. For example, to enable you to connect other accounts to your VisualHype profile or for sharing your activities with friends.
Health and Fitness Services.
VisualHype transfers your information to other health and fitness services, such as Apple HealthKit only after you
explicitly consent
to the transfer when you connect to such services.
Social Networks and Messenger Services.
You can decide to share finished activities via Facebook, Twitter, WhatsApp, Telegram or any other messenger service you may use on your mobile device. Please note that we do not have any influence on or knowledge of the scope and the further use of the Data by the respective messaging service, and cannot take any responsibility for the use of your Data by the respective messaging provider. Please see the messaging service’s respective privacy policies for details.
5.4 Service Providers and Other Third Party Services
Service Providers.
We share your information to others, who help us provide and improve our Products (e.g. maintenance, analysis, audit, payments, fraud detection, marketing and development). Service providers will have access to your information as reasonably necessary to perform these tasks on our behalf, and are obligated not to disclose or use it for other purposes. We use processors such as Apple, Google, Facebook.
6. How Long We Store Data
6.1 Storage Period
We store your Data as long as you are a registered user of the Products. Beyond that, we only store Data, if it is legally necessary (because of warranty, limitation or retention periods) or otherwise required.
6.2 Account Deletion
We will delete your “StepsMate Friends” account upon message to that effect. For this purpose, please use the email address mail@stepsmate.app. After receiving your message with that effect, we will delete your “StepsMate Friends” account as a whole and remove all data stored on our server. You can delete the data on your mobile device by deleting the app itself, however this will not delete the data stored by the “StepsMate Friends”.
7. Which Rights You Have
7.1 Exercise your Rights
To exercise your rights defined in sections 7.2 to 7.8, please send a request via email to the Email Address or via mail to our postal address.
7.2 Revocation of Consent
You can revoke your consent – in those cases where consent for processing is necessary – for future data processing at any time. However, this does not affect the lawfulness of Data processing based on the consent before the revocation. In certain cases, we may continue to process your information after you have withdrawn consent, if we have another legal basis to do so or if your withdrawal of consent was limited to certain processing activities.
7.3 Right of Access
You have the right to obtain (i) confirmation as to whether or not your Data is being processed by us and, if so, (ii) more specific information on the Data. The more specific information concerns, among other things, processing purposes, categories of Data, potential recipients, or the duration of storage.
7.4 Right to Rectification
You have the right to obtain the rectification of inaccurate Data concerning you from us. In case the Data processed by us is not correct, we will rectify these without undue delay and inform you of this rectification. Please note that (i) you can rectify much of your information in the settings and (ii) it is not technically possible for us to rectify all kinds of data in our Product.
7.5 Right to Erasure
You have the right to delete Data we store about you. Should you decide to do so, we will delete your “StepsMate Friends” account upon message to that effect. For this purpose, please use the email address mail@stepsmate.app. After receiving your message with that effect, we will delete your “StepsMate Friends” account as a whole and remove all data stored on our server. You can delete the data on your mobile device by deleting the app itself, however this will not delete the data stored by the “StepsMate Friends”.
7.6 Right to Restriction of Processing
You have the right to obtain a restriction of processing of your Data from us in the following cases:
you make an inquiry pursuant para. 7.4, if you so request;
you are of the opinion that the processing of your Data is unlawful, but are opposed to an erasure of Data;
you still require the Data for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims; or
you have objected to the processing pursuant para. 7.8.
7.7 Right to Data Portability
You have the right to (i) receive a copy of your Data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and (ii) transmit those Data to another controller without hindrance from us. You can download a copy of your Data in your account settings on the Website.
7.8 Right to Object
You have the right to object at any time to the processing of Data for which our legitimate interests are the legal basis, including profiling based on those provisions. You also have the right to object to processing of Data for direct marketing purposes.
7.9 Right to File a Complaint
You have the right to file a complaint with your local supervisory authority, if you think that the processing of Data infringes applicable law.
8. Further Important Information
8.1 Legal Bases
Data protection laws regulate that we are only allowed to collect and process your Data, if we have lawful bases for processing. The lawfulness of processing of Data stems from:
your (explicit)
consent
in cases where you have given (explicit) consent to the processing;
the necessity for the performance of your user
contract
, e.g. where Data is needed for a satisfactory use of the Product; or
legitimate interests
pursued by VisualHype or a third party, e.g. our use of cookies, plug-ins, or targeted advertising.
Our legitimate interests include protecting you, VisualHype, or others from security threats or fraud, complying with all applicable laws, managing and improving our business (e.g. customer service, reporting) including possible corporate transactions (e.g. M&A), enabling users to share their and connect via their fitness experiences, and express all fitness and health-related opinions.
8.2 Security Measures
We are committed to protecting your Data and implement appropriate technical and organizational security measures to protect it against any unauthorized or unlawful processing and against any accidental loss, destruction, or damage. Those security measures are constantly revised to comply with the latest technological developments.
9. Changes to the Privacy Policy
9.1 General
VisualHype may change this Privacy Policy.
9.2 Material Changes
If we make material changes to it, we will provide notice directly in our Products, or by other means (e.g. via email), to offer you the opportunity to review the changes before they become effective. Material changes could, for example, include further tracking, profiling, and analytics services. Should your consent be necessary, we will ask for it before the changes become effective. If you object to any changes, you may need to close your account as it might not function properly.
9.3 Last Updated
This Privacy Policy was last modified on May 21, 2023.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/:
Facebook
Email or phone
Password
Forgot account?
Create new account
It looks like you were misusing this feature by going too fast. You’ve been temporarily blocked from using it.
Back
English (US)
Gaeilge
Polski
Lietuvių
Português (Brasil)
Русский
Română
Español
Français (France)
Deutsch
Italiano
Meta © 2025
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to help provide and improve content on
Meta Products
. We also use them to provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and to provide and improve Meta Products for people who have an account.
Essential cookies: These cookies are required to use Meta Products and are necessary for our sites to work as intended.
Cookies from other companies: We use these cookies to show you ads off of Meta Products and to provide features like maps and videos on Meta Products. These cookies are optional.
You have control over the optional cookies we use. Learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choices at any time in our
Cookies Policy
.
About cookies
What are cookies?
Learn more
Why do we use cookies?
Learn more
What are Meta Products?
Learn more
Your cookie choices
Learn more
Cookies from other companies
We use cookies from
other companies
in order to show you ads off of our Products, and provide features like maps, payment services and video.
Choose cookies by category
How we use these cookies
If you allow these cookies
If you don't allow these cookies
Other ways you can control your information
Manage your ad experience in Accounts Center
More information about online advertising
Controlling cookies with browser settings
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Sub-policy 1
http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/:

Sub-policy 2
https://twitter.com/privacy:
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Privacy Settings
Privacy Center
Help Center
Policy Archive
Download PDF
X Privacy Policy
Effective: November 15, 2024
Before you scroll, read this
It’s really hard to make everyone happy with a Privacy Policy. Most people who use X want something short and easy to understand. While we wish we could fit everything you need to know into a post, our regulators ask us to meet our legal obligations by describing them all in a lot of detail.
With that in mind, we’ve written our Privacy Policy as simply as possible to empower you to make informed decisions when you use X by making sure you understand and have control over the information we collect, how it’s used, and when it’s shared.
So if you skip reading every word of the Privacy Policy, at least know this:
X is a public platform
Learn what’s viewable & searchable
We collect some data
about you
Learn what we collect & how
Affiliate services may have their own policies
Learn about affiliates
We use your data to make X better
Learn how we make your info work
You can control your experience
Learn how to update your settings
If you have questions about how we use data, just ask
Learn how to contact us
Privacy Policy
1. Information We Collect
2. How We Use Information
3. Sharing Information
4. How Long We Keep Information
5. Take Control
6. Your Rights and Ours
7. X's Audience
8. Changes To This Privacy Policy
9. General
10. How To Contact X
Privacy Policy
1. Information We Collect
2. How We Use Information
3. Sharing Information
4. How Long We Keep Information
5. Take Control
6. Your Rights and Ours
7. X's Audience
8. Changes To This Privacy Policy
9. General
10. How To Contact X
1. Information We Collect
The information we collect when you use X falls into three categories.
1.1 Information you provide us.
To use some of our products and services you need to have an account, and to create an account, you need to provide us certain information. Likewise, if you use our paid products and services, we cannot provide them to you without getting payment information. Basically, certain information is necessary if you want to use many of our products and services.
Personal Accounts.
If you create an account, you must provide us with some information so that we can provide our services to you. This includes a display name (for example, “Creators”); a username (for example, @XCreators); a password; an email address or phone number; a date of birth; your display language; and third-party single sign-in information (if you choose this sign-in method). You can also choose to share your location in your profile and posts, and to upload your address book to X to help find people you may know. Your profile information, which includes your display name and username, is always public, but you can use either your real name or a pseudonym. And remember, you can create multiple X accounts, for example, to express different parts of your identity, professional or otherwise.
Professional Accounts.
If you create a
professional account
, you also need to provide us with a professional category, and may provide us with other information, including street address, contact email address, and contact phone number, all of which will always be public.
Payment Information.
In order to purchase ads or other offerings provided as part of our paid products and services you will need to provide us payment information, including your credit or debit card number, card expiration date, CVV code, and billing address.
Preferences.
When you set your preferences using your
settings
, we collect that information so that we can respect your preferences.
Biometric Information.
Based on your consent, we may collect and use your biometric information for safety, security, and identification purposes.
Job Applications / Recommendations.
We may collect and use your personal information (such as your biographical information, employment history, educational history, employment preferences, skills and abilities, and job search activity and engagement, in addition to the information we already collect as disclosed in the “Information we collect when you use X” section of our Privacy Policy below) to recommend potential jobs to you, to share with potential employers when you apply for a job, to enable connections for professional opportunities, and to show you more relevant advertising.
1.2 Information we collect when you use X.
When you use our services, we collect information about how you use our products and services. We use that information to provide you with products and services, to help keep X more secure and respectful for everyone, and more relevant to you.
Usage Information.
We collect information about your activity on X, including:
Posts and other content you post (including the date, application, and version of X) and information about your broadcast activity (e.g., Spaces), including broadcasts you’ve created and when you created them, your lists, bookmarks, and Communities you are a part of.
Your interactions with other users’ content, such as reposts, likes, bookmarks, shares, downloads, replies, if other users mention or tag you in content or if you mention or tag them, and broadcasts you’ve participated in (including your viewing history, listening, commenting, speaking, and reacting).
How you interact with others on the platform, such as people you follow and people who follow you, metadata related to
Encrypted Messages
, and when you use
Direct Messages
, including the contents of the messages, the recipients, and date and time of messages.
If you communicate with us, such as through email, we will collect information about the communication and its content.
We collect information on links you interact with across our services (including in our emails sent to you).
Purchase and payments.
To allow you to make a payment or send money using X features or services, including through an intermediary, we may receive information about your transaction such as when it was made, when a subscription is set to expire or auto-renew, and amounts paid or received.
Device Information.
We collect information from and about the devices you use to access X, including:
Information about your connection, such as your IP address, browser type, and related information.
Information about your device and its settings, such as device and advertising ID, operating system, carrier, language, memory, apps installed, and battery level.
Your device address book, if you’ve chosen to share it with us.
Location Information.
When you use X, we collect some information about your approximate location to provide the service you expect, including showing you relevant ads. You can also choose to share your current precise location or places where you’ve previously used X by enabling these settings in your account.
Inferred Identity.
We may collect or receive information that we use to infer your identity as detailed below:
When you sign into X on a browser or device, we will associate that browser or device with your account. Subject to your settings, we may also associate your account with browsers or devices other than those you use to sign into X (or associate your signed-out device or browser with other browsers or devices or X-generated identiﬁers).
When you provide other information to X, including an email address or phone number, we associate that information with your X account. Subject to your settings, we may also use this information in order to infer other information about your identity, for example by associating your account with hashes of email addresses that share common components with the email address you have provided to X.
When you access X and are not signed in, we may infer your identity based on the information we collect.
Log Information.
We may receive information when you view content on or otherwise interact with our products and services, even if you have not created an account or are signed out, such as:
IP address and related information; browser type and language; operating system; the referring webpage; access times; pages visited; location; your mobile carrier; device information (including device and application IDs); search terms and IDs (including those not submitted as queries); ads shown to you on X; X-generated identiﬁers; and identiﬁers associated with cookies. We also receive log information when you click on, view, or interact with links on our services, including when you install another application through X.
Advertisements.
When you view or interact with ads we serve on or oﬀ X, we may collect information about those views or interactions (e.g., watching a video ad or preroll, clicking on an ad, interacting with reposts of or replies to an ad).
Cookies and similar technologies.
Like many websites, we use cookies and similar technologies to collect additional website usage data and to operate our services. Cookies are not required for many parts of our products and services such as searching and looking at public proﬁles. You can learn more about how we use cookies and similar technologies
here
.
Interactions with our content on third-party sites.
When you view our content on third-party websites that integrate X content, such as embedded timelines or post buttons, we may receive log information that includes the web page you visited.
1.3 Information we receive from third parties.
When you use other online products and services, they may share information about that usage with us.
Ad Partners, Developers, Publishers.
Our ad and business partners share information with us such as browser cookie IDs, X-generated identifiers,
mobile device IDs, hashed user information like email addresses, demographic or interest data, and content viewed or actions taken on a website or app. Some of our ad partners, particularly our advertisers, also enable us to collect similar information directly from their website or app by integrating our advertising technology. Information shared by ad partners and affiliates or collected by X from the websites and apps of ad partners and affiliates may be combined with the other information you share with X and that X receives,
generates, or infers
about you described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy.
Other Third Parties, Account Connections, and Integrations.
We may receive information about you from third parties who are not our ad partners, such as other X users, developers, and partners who help us evaluate the safety and quality of content on our platform, our
corporate affiliates
, and other services you link to your X account. You may choose to connect your X account to your account on another service, and that other service may send us information about your account on that service.
2. How We Use Information
Breaking down how we use the information we collect is not simple because of the way the systems that bring our services to you work. For example, the same piece of information may be used differently for different purposes to ultimately deliver a single service. We think it’s most useful to describe the five main ways we use information and if you have questions that are not answered, you can always
contact us
. Here we go:
2.1 Operate, improve, and personalize our services.
We use the information we collect to provide and operate X products and services. We also use the information we collect to improve and personalize our products and services so that you have a better experience on X, including by showing you more relevant content and ads, suggesting people and topics to follow, enabling and helping you discover
affiliates
, third-party apps, and services. We may use the information we collect and publicly available information to help train our machine learning or artificial intelligence models for the purposes outlined in this policy.
We may use the information we collect from accounts of other services that you choose to connect to your X account to provide you features like cross-posting or cross-service authentication, and to operate our services.
We use your contact information to help others find your account if your settings permit, including through third-party services and client applications.
We use your information to provide our advertising and sponsored content services subject to your
settings
, which helps make ads on X more relevant to you. We also use this information to measure the effectiveness of ads and to help recognize your devices to serve you ads on and off of X. Some of our ad partners also enable us to collect similar information directly from their website or app by integrating our advertising technology. Information shared by ad partners and affiliates or collected by X from the websites and apps of ad partners and affiliates may be combined with the other information you share with X and that X receives, generates, or infers about you, as described elsewhere in our Privacy Policy.
2.2  Foster safety and security.
We use information we collect to provide for the safety and security of our users, our products, services, and your account. This includes verifying your identity, authenticating your account, and defending against fraud, unauthorized use, and illegal activity. We also use the information to evaluate and affect the safety and quality of content on X - this includes investigating and enforcing our policies and and terms, as well as applicable law.
2.3 Measure, analyze and make our services better.
We use the information we collect to measure and analyze the effectiveness of our products and services and to better understand how you use them in order to make them better.
2.4 Communicate with you about our services.
We use the information we collect to communicate with you about our products and services, including about product updates and changes to our policies and terms. If you’re open to hearing from us, we may also send you marketing messages from time to time.
2.5 Research.
We use information you share with us, or that we collect to conduct research, surveys, product testing, and troubleshooting to help us operate and improve our products and services.
3. Sharing Information
You should know the ways we share your information, why we share it, and how you can control it. There are five general ways we share your information.
3.1 When you post and share.
With the general public
. You are directing us to disclose that information as broadly as possible. X content, including your profile information (e.g., name/pseudonym, username, profile pictures), is available for viewing by the general public. The public does not need to be signed in to view some content on X. They may also find X content off of X: for example, from search query results on Internet search engines or videos downloaded and reshared elsewhere (depending on your
settings
).
With other X users.
Depending on your
settings
, and based on the X products and services you use, we share:
Your interactions with X content of other users, such as replies, and people you follow.
Content you send to a specific X user, such as through
Direct Messages
. Please keep in mind that if you’ve shared information like Direct Messages or protected posts with someone else who accesses X through a third-party service, the information may be shared with the third-party service.
With partners.
Depending on your
settings
, we also provide certain third parties with information to help us offer or operate our products and services. You can learn more about these partnerships in our
Help Center
. You can control whether X shares your personal information with these partners by using the “Data sharing with business partners” option in your
Privacy & Safety settings
. (This setting does not control sharing described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, such as when we share information with our service providers, or through partnerships other than as described in this
Help Center
article.)
3.2 With third parties & third-party integrations.
With service providers.
We may share your information with our
service providers
that perform functions and provide services on our behalf, including payment services providers who facilitate payments; service providers that host our various blogs and wikis; service providers that help us understand the use of our services; applicant tracking system providers to send and receive applicant and job data to potential employers; and those that provide fraud detection services.
With advertisers.
Advertising revenue enables us to provide our products and services. Advertisers may learn information from your engagement with their ads on or off X. For example, if you click on an external link or ad on our services, that advertiser or website operator might figure out that you came from X, along with other information associated with the ad you clicked, such as characteristics of the audience it was intended to reach and other X-generated identifiers for that ad. They may also collect other personal information from you, such as cookie identifiers, or your IP address.
Third-party content & integrations.
We share or disclose your information with your consent or at your direction, such as when you
authorize a third-party web client or application
to access your account or when you direct us to share your feedback with a business. Similarly, to improve your experience, we work with third-party partners to display their video content on X or to allow cross-platform sharing. When you watch or otherwise interact with content from our video or cross-platform sharing partners, they may receive and process your personal information as described in their privacy policies. For video content, you can adjust your
autoplay settings
if you prefer that content not to play automatically.
Third-party collaborators.
Depending on your
settings
, or if you decide to share your data, we may share or disclose your information with third parties. If you do not opt out, in some instances the recipients of the information may use it for their own independent purposes in addition to those stated in X’s Privacy Policy, including, for example, to train their artificial intelligence models, whether generative or otherwise.
Through our APIs.
We use technology like
APIs
and embeds to make public X information available to websites, apps, and others for their use, for example, displaying posts on a news website or analyzing what people say on X. We generally make this content available in limited quantities for free and charge licensing fees for large-scale access. We have
standard terms
that govern how this information can be used, and a compliance program to enforce these terms. But these individuals and companies are not affiliated with X, and their offerings may not reflect updates you make on X. For more information about how we make public data on X available to the world, visit
https://developer.x.com
.
3.3 When required by law, to prevent harm, or in the public interest.
We may preserve, use, share, or disclose your information if we believe that it is reasonably necessary to:
comply with a law, regulation,
legal process, or governmental request
;
protect the safety of any person, protect the safety or integrity of our platform, including to help prevent spam, abuse, or malicious actors on our services;
explain why we have removed content or accounts from our services (e.g., for a violation of
our Rules
);
address fraud, security, or technical issues; or
protect our rights or property, or the rights or property of those who use our services.
We may also use different signals and your data to infer, preserve, use, share, or disclose your age and identity information in order to comply with regulatory requirements as well as for safety, security, fraud, know-your-customer, know-your-business, and identity verification, as the case may be. We may also share or disclose your age and identity information with our partners, service providers, and others for these purposes.
3.4 With our Affiliates.
We may share information amongst our
affiliates
to provide our products and services.
3.5 As a result of a change in ownership.
We may share, sell, or transfer information about you in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization, sale of assets, or bankruptcy. This Privacy Policy will apply to your personal information that is shared with (before and after the close of any transaction) or transferred to the new entity.
4. How Long We Keep Information
We keep different types of information for different periods of time, depending on how long we need to retain it in order to provide you with our products and services, to comply with our legal requirements and for safety and security reasons. For example:
We keep your profile information, such as your display name, user name, password and email address for the duration of your account. We cannot provide you with our products and services without retaining this information.
We keep your usage information, such as the content you post, your interactions with other users’ content and how you interact with others on the platform for the duration of your account or until such content is removed.
We keep your payment information, including your credit or debit card number and billing address for the duration you use our paid products and services. Records of transactions will be kept for longer, in accordance with applicable law.
If you communicate with us, such as through email, we will keep information about the communication and its content for up to 18 months, unless it is necessary for us to retain it for a longer period to comply with our legal obligations or to exercise or defend our legal rights.
We generally collect device information, location information, inferred identity information and log information using cookies. We keep cookies and information collected using cookies for up to 13 months. You can learn more about how we use cookies and similar technologies
here
.
We keep information about your views or interactions with ads on or off X, as well as how you interact with our content on third-party sites for up to 90 days.
We keep information shared by ad and business partners for up to 90 days.
Where you violate our Rules and your account is suspended, we may keep the identifiers you used to create the account (such as your email address or phone number) indefinitely to prevent repeat policy offenders from creating new accounts.
We may need to keep certain information longer than our policies specify in order to comply with legal requirements and for safety and security reasons. For example:
To comply with a law, regulation, legal process or governmental request.
Including in order to adhere to a legally appropriate preservation request made by law enforcement. You can read more about law enforcement access
here
.
In connection with legal claims, litigation and regulatory matters.
Including where it is reasonably necessary to retain information relating to your account in order to defend X against legal claims.
To maintain the safety and security of our products and services.
Including where it is necessary to store your information longer in order to investigate and fight abuse on our products and services.
Remember public content can exist elsewhere even after it is removed from X. For example, search engines and other third parties may retain copies of your posts longer, based upon their own privacy policies, even after they are deleted or expire on X. You can read more about search visibility
here
.
5. Take Control
5.1 Access, Correction, Portability.
You can access, correct, or modify the information you provided to us by editing your profile and adjusting your account
settings
.
You can learn more about the information we have collected or inferred about you in
Your X Data
and request access to additional information
here
.
You can download a copy of your information, such as your posts, by following the instructions
here
.
To protect your privacy and maintain security, we take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to your personal information or complying with a deletion, portability, or other related request. We may, in certain situations, reject your request for access, correction, or portability, for example, we may reject access where you are unable to verify your identity.
5.2 Deleting your Information.
If you follow the instructions
here
, your account will be deactivated and your data will be queued for deletion. When deactivated, your X account, including your display name, username, and public profile, will no longer be viewable on X.com, X for iOS, and X for Android. For up to 30 days after deactivation it is still possible to restore your X account if it was accidentally or wrongfully deactivated.
5.3 Objecting to, Restricting, or Withdrawing your Consent.
You can manage your privacy settings and other account features
here
. If you change your settings it may take some time for your choices to be fully reflected throughout our systems. You may also notice changes in your X experience or limitations in your ability to access certain features depending on the settings you’ve adjusted. You may also manage additional settings when interacting with certain content and features on different parts of the platform, such as whether a
Space
is recorded, or whether
videos you upload
are downloadable by others.
5.4 Authorized Agent Requests.
To submit a request related to access, modification, or deletion of your information, or someone else’s information if you are their authorized agent, you may also contact us as specified in the How To Contact X section of our Privacy Policy below. We may require you to provide additional information for verification.
6. Your Rights and Ours
We provide X to people all over the world and provide many of the same privacy tools and controls to all of our users regardless of where they live. However, your experience may be slightly different than users in other countries to ensure X respects local requirements.
6.1 We have specific legal bases to use your information.
X has carefully considered the legal reasons it is permitted to collect, use, share and otherwise process your information. If you want to dig in to learn more and better understand the nuances, we’d encourage you to check out
this additional information about data processing
. And no, we don’t sell your personal information.
6.2 We move your data to make X work for you.
Just as you use X to seamlessly participate in global conversations with people in countries all over the world, X must move information across borders and to different countries around the world to support the safe and reliable service you depend on. For example, if you live in Europe and are having a conversation with someone in the United States, information has to move between those countries to provide that experience – it’s what you expect from us.
We also use data centers and cloud providers, and engage
our affiliates
and third-party partners and
service providers
located in many parts of the world to help us provide our services. Before we move data between countries we look at the risks that may be presented to the data and rely on
standard contractual clauses
(SCCs), where applicable, to ensure your data rights are protected. To request a copy of the SCCs, please contact us
here
. If data will be shared with a third party, we require them to maintain the same protections over your data that we provide directly.
X is a
participant
in the EU-US Data Privacy Framework (DPF), the Swiss-US DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-US DPF. X complies with the DPF Principles for all its processing of personal data received from the European Union, Switzerland and the UK, in reliance on the EU-US DPF, Swiss-US DPF and UK Extension to the EU-US DPF, respectively. If you have an inquiry or complaint related to our participation in the DPF, please contact us
here
. As part of our participation in the DPF, if you have a dispute with us about our adherence to the DPF Principles, we will seek to resolve it through our internal complaint resolution process, alternatively through the US-based independent dispute resolution body
JAMS
, and under certain conditions, through the DPF Arbitration Process following the procedures and subject to the conditions described in
Annex 1
to the DPF Principles. DPF participants are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the US Federal Trade Commission and other authorized statutory bodies. Under certain circumstances, participants may be liable for the transfer of personal data from the EU, Switzerland and the UK to third parties outside the EU, Switzerland and the UK. Learn more about the EU-US DPF, the Swiss-US DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-US DPF
here
.
7. X's Audience
8. Changes To This Privacy Policy
The most current version of this Privacy Policy governs our processing of your personal data and we may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time as needed.
If we do revise this Privacy Policy and make changes that are determined by us to be material, we will provide you notice and an opportunity to review the revised Privacy Policy before you continue to use X.
9. General
The X Privacy Policy is written in English but is made available in multiple languages through translations. X strives to make the translations as accurate as possible to the original English version. However, in case of any discrepancies or inconsistencies, the English language version of the X Privacy Policy shall take precedence. You acknowledge that English shall be the language of reference for interpreting and constructing the terms of the X Privacy Policy.
10. How To Contact X
We want to hear from you if you have thoughts or questions about this Privacy Policy. You can contact us via our
Privacy Policy Inquiries
page or by writing to us at the appropriate address below.
Information about our handling of California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) requests is available
here
. Information about our handling of “Consumer Health Data” and associated requests as defined under Washington State’s My Health My Data Act and other similar state laws is available
here
.
If you live in the United States or any other country outside of the European Union, EFTA States, or the United Kingdom, the data controller responsible for your personal data is X Corp., with an address of:
X Corp.
Attn: Privacy Policy Inquiry
865 FM 1209, Building 2
Bastrop, TX 78602
If you live in the European Union, EFTA States, or the United Kingdom, the data controller responsible for your personal data is Twitter International Unlimited Company, with an address of:
Twitter International Unlimited Company
Attn: Data Protection Officer
One Cumberland Place, Fenian Street
Dublin 2, D02 AX07 IRELAND
If you live in Switzerland, you can also contact our appointed representative at the following address:
Twitter Switzerland GmbH
Attn: Data Protection Officer
c/o Wasag Treuhand AG
Bolligenstrasse 18
Bern, 3006, SWITZERLAND
If you wish to raise a concern about our
data processing practices
, you have the right to do so with your local supervisory authority or Twitter International Unlimited Company’s lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission, using the
contact details
listed on their website.
View previous policies
Take control of your privacy
Adjust your settings
Did someone say … cookies?
X and its partners use cookies to provide you with a better, safer and
  faster service and to support our business. Some cookies are necessary to use
  our services, improve our services, and make sure they work properly.
Show more about your choices
.
Accept all cookies
Refuse non-essential cookies