About
Work at Resy
newsroom
Resy Blog
For Restaurants
Terms of Service
Global Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Accessibility Statement
Global Privacy Policy
Effective Date:
May 16, 2023
Pour les résidents du Québec: Faites défiler la page pour consulter les Lignes directrices sur la protection des renseignements personnels en français.
Resy Cookie Policy
RESY NETWORK, INC. (hereinafter "Resy," "we," "our," or "us") is committed to safeguarding your privacy. Resy is owned by
American Express.
Resy is located at 222 Broadway, 17th Floor, New York, NY 10038, United States.
This Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") describes how we collect information about you and how we use, disclose, and protect that information.  More specifically, this Privacy Policy applies to information we collect through:
products or services we operate, such as our websites, operating systems, and mobile applications ("apps");
services or content that we offer on third party platforms, such as our electronic communications, social media pages, and digital advertisements; and
other services or content that link to or reference this Privacy Policy.
Your personal use of these services is subject to the
Resy Terms of Service
. If you are a restaurant that partners with Resy, your use of these services is also subject to the
Resy Technology Service Terms
.
Our websites and apps are not intended for individuals under 18 years of age (or the age of majority in the location in which they reside or where a Resy restaurant partner is located) ("Minors"). We do not knowingly collect information online from or market online to Minors.
Other Applicable Privacy Policies or Notices
This Privacy Policy applies to the services provided by Resy only. Other American Express products and services will be governed by their own privacy policies, which will provide you with more details about how American Express uses information about you in relation to that specific product or service.
Third-party services, such as our restaurant partners' websites or social media websites, have additional terms that explain how operators of those services collect, use, or disclose your information. Please review the terms of the specific online services you use in connection with Resy's apps and services.
What is in this Privacy Policy?
Information We Collect
Use of Information
Sharing & Disclosing
Aggregated and Anonymized Information
Security
Your Data Rights
Your Choices
Contacting Us
Changes to This Privacy Policy
Information for Australian Residents
Information for Canadian Residents
Information for European Economic Area (EEA) and United Kingdom Residents
Information for United States Residents
A. INFORMATION WE COLLECT
The type of information we collect depends on which product or service you use.  In some cases, we collect information if you directly provide it to us. We may collect the following types of personal information (otherwise known as "personal data" in certain markets) directly from you:
account information, which includes name or other similar identifiers;
contact information, which includes email address and telephone numbers;
financial information, which includes credit card, debit card or other payment card details;
transaction data, which includes details about payments to and from you (e.g., reservation cancellation fees);
technical data, which includes internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, and device and browser information;
profile data, which includes your username and password and your optional dining interests, food allergies, preferences, picture, date of birth, or bio;
usage data, which includes information about how you use our Services and partner sites and advertising we serve on those sites;
marketing and communications data, which includes your preferences in receiving marketing; or
location information, which includes country of residence and geolocation data (if you enable geolocation data on your device).
We may collect personal information from you when you:
create an account with Resy;
subscribe to our services or publications;
make a reservation through our services;
claim a promotional offer from us;
request marketing to be sent to you;
if you provide feedback about your dining experience through us, such as via a survey; or
give us feedback or communicate with us.
Please note that - with your consent - we may also collect special categories of personal information or sensitive personal information, such as dietary information, in some instances. We'll use this information only as permitted or required by law, or where provided by you with your explicit consent.
In some instances, Resy's collection and processing of your personal information is mandatory to provide you with the requested Resy product or service. If you decide not to provide your personal information to us, we might not be able to provide you with that product or service. Any personal information that you provide for marketing purposes is voluntary. If you would like to revoke your consent for marketing, please see the "Your Choices" section below.
Location Data
When you give us consent or enable geolocation on your device, we will collect the latitude and longitude coordinates of your device when you are searching restaurant availability. We use this information to help us improve the relevance of search results and streamline the restaurant reservation processes. This information is only collected while the app is running. If you would like to revoke your consent for location tracking, please see the "Your Choices" section below.
We also may use general geographic data inferred from your IP address to identify the city a user is visiting to make available restaurant reservations and marketing messages more relevant, or to personalize your experience.
Cookies and Similar Technologies
We also collect information through Cookies and Similar Technologies when you use our online services or access online content. A "Cookie" is a small amount of data that a website transfers to your computer. We place Cookies when you visit our website or another company's website where our ads appear or when you make a reservation or request or personalize information. If you accept the Cookies used on our website, websites that are "powered by" another company on our behalf, or websites where our ads appear, you may give us access to information about your interests. We use that information to personalize your experience. "Similar Technologies" include clear GIFs, web beacons, and pixel tags, which are typically transparent images on websites. Cookies and Similar Technologies may also help Resy or its service providers collect information about your device, operating system and web browser, as well as your use of the device, as described in more detail below.
The information we collect using Cookies and Similar Technologies may also include information about:
the device(s) you use (for example, the operating system or type of device you use to open electronic communications from us);
information about your IP Address (for example, domain information, internet provider information and general geographic location);
how you use our websites and apps, such as what you search for on our websites and apps, the pages you view, how long you stay and how often you visit them;
how you search for our websites or apps, which website or app you came from, and sometimes, whether you have visited a website of one of our business or commercial partners;
which ads or online content from us and our business or commercial partners you view, access or click on; and
whether you open our electronic communications and which sections you click on (for example, how many times you open an email from us).
If you use your mobile device to access our products or services, we may collect information about your mobile device (for example, we collect location information to provide location-based content you request).
For more information about Cookies and Similar Technologies, please refer to
Resy's Cookie Policy
.
Other Sources of Information
As outlined above, we may receive information about you from other sources in accordance with product or service-specific privacy notices we give to you. For example:
when a new restaurant joins us, if you have been a prior guest with that restaurant, we may collect information that restaurant has about you and import it into the restaurant's guestbook on our platform; and
information provided about you from restaurants who partner with us, including notes, tags, and other metadata about your dining habits and experiences.
We also may obtain information about other American Express products and services you use, in accordance with those privacy notices. We may combine this other information with the online information we have collected about you under this Privacy Policy (e.g., your future restaurant reservations).
B. USE OF INFORMATION
We use information about you either on its own or combined with other information and in accordance with applicable law: (i) where it is necessary to administer our contractual relationship with you; (ii) for our own business interests to provide you with better products and services; (iii) where we have obtained your consent, such as for certain marketing purposes; or (iv) for compliance with applicable laws.
More specifically, we may use information about you:
For administering our contractual relationship with you and delivering you our products and services, including, for instance, to:
process your reservations, including by providing your personal information to the restaurant, as described in "Sharing & Disclosing Information";
manage your account;
update you about new features and benefits;
provide location-based services you may request; and
better communicate with you.
For our business interests or for the business interests of our partners, or as permitted by applicable law, we may use information about you to:
conduct research and analysis to better understand our online visitors, customers and our business, including to:
request feedback or reviews about our products and services and those of our commercial and business partners;
determine the effectiveness of our advertising and marketing campaigns;
improve our websites or apps and make them easier to use;
place you in groups with similar customers to make predictions about you, deliver more personalized services and help determine whether you may be interested in new products or services.
manage our business risks, such as fraud and security risks, including to:
detect and prevent fraud or criminal activity and safeguard your account, including by using the location and other technical attributes of your mobile device or browser; and
advertise and market our products and services and those of our business and commercial partners, including to present content that is tailored to your interests, including targeted advertising across multiple devices (see the "Digital Advertising" section for more information).
With your consent, to:
promote our products and services;
send you ads, promotions, and offers about products and services for companies within the
American Express Family of Companies
and those of our business and commercial partners;
share with restaurant partners for their marketing purposes;
recognize you when you return to our websites, receive our emails, or use our apps including across multiple devices (for example, to send you tailored ads, promotions, offers or content, including targeted advertising). Please refer to the "Cookies and Similar Technologies" section above for more information.
To comply with applicable laws and regulation around the world, we may use information about you:
to establish, exercise, or defend legal rights or claims and assist in dispute resolution; or
as required or permitted by law.
Digital Advertising
We advertise through our websites and apps, as well as third-party platforms, including ad networks, ad servers and social media platforms. We may use information about you to display online marketing content tailored to your interests or general geographic location across multiple devices you use. Here are some ways this works.
We engage in targeted advertising based on information we collect regarding your browsing behavior over time and across different websites you visit or devices you may use, which involves the use of personal information, your email address, and other information collected through Cookies and Similar Technologies. Learn more about the self-regulatory programs that we comply with in the following jurisdictions:
Canada: the
Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)
,
European Economic Area (EEA) and the United Kingdom: the
European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA)
,
United States: the
Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising
.
You may visit the above websites to learn more about your choices related to targeted advertising.
You also can exercise choices regarding how we market to you, as specified in the "Your Choices" section below.
We also use information about you to inform advertising content or participate in targeted advertising campaigns on social media platforms, such as Meta. If you follow our social media pages or "like" our content on these platforms, we may use this information about you to improve what and how our content is presented to you on social media. We don't own these websites and apps, and we are required to use information about you only in ways that are consistent with the privacy policies and terms & conditions of these platforms.
You can choose how we market to you, as specified in the "Your Choices" section below.
C. SHARING & DISCLOSING INFORMATION
We may share or disclose information about you, including with:
restaurants and their affiliates, as well as other third parties not affiliated with Resy (as further described in the
Resy Terms of Service
), when you make a dining request through the Services, including when you make a reservation or if you provide feedback about your dining experience through us, such as via a survey. When we disclose your information to a restaurant for the purposes of facilitating your dining request, the restaurant is collecting and processing your personal information as a controller and your personal information is subject to its privacy policy and practices. In connection with your dining request, we will provide the restaurant certain categories of your information including: your name, dining profile, date and time of visit, your contact details, dining preferences, party size and any other information you provide at the time of your reservation or feedback. We or the restaurant may share your information with their affiliates (e.g., other restaurants in the same restaurant group) to enhance the hospitality such restaurant group provides you when you dine with them to provide you with customized service and to improve the restaurant's table and shift planning. By interacting with you, the restaurant and their affiliates may, as permitted by applicable law, share your information with their partners to support operations, such as to perform analytics and tailor marketing to you.
our service providers, who perform services for us (for example, printing, mail, advertising, marketing, etc.) and help us operate our business (we require all of our service providers to protect personal information according to our standards, and use it only for the purposes we allow);
regulatory authorities, courts, and governmental agencies to comply with legal or regulatory requirements, assist in legal or regulatory investigations, and protect the rights of American Express or others;
companies within the
American Express Family of Companies
;
business or commercial partners (for example, other financial institutions, loyalty programs, travel partners, and certain advertising partners) with whom we offer or develop products and services;
necessary parties in the context of a sale of all or part of a company in the
American Express Family of Companies
or its assets; or
with other third parties as required or permitted by law or with your consent.
Cross-Border Transfers of Personal Information.
To provide you with our products or services and in accordance with applicable law, we may need to transfer personal information to countries other than the country in which you reside, including Australia, Canada, the United Kingdom, and the United States. No matter where we process personal information about you, well always protect it in the manner described in the
American Express Data Protection and Privacy Principles
and this Privacy Policy, and in accordance with applicable laws. We and our service providers may disclose your personal information if we are required or permitted by applicable law or legal process, which may include lawful access by foreign courts, law enforcement, or other government authorities in the jurisdictions in which we or our service providers operate.
Additional information about cross-border transfers of personal information from the following jurisdictions can be found here:
Information for Australian Residents
Information for Canadian Residents
Information for European Economic Area (EEA) or United Kingdom Residents
D. AGGREGATED AND ANONYMIZED INFORMATION
We sometimes process information so that it no longer identifies any individual; this information is referred to as aggregated and anonymized information. We use aggregated and anonymized information to:
analyze patterns among groups of people (such as online users);
create business insights or statistical research/reports;
improve our advertising and our business.
We sometimes share aggregated and anonymized information with third parties, for many of the same reasons that are described above.
E. SECURITY
We use administrative, organizational, technical, and physical security measures to protect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of personal information. Here's what you should know:
these measures include technological safeguards and appropriate access controls to data and facilities;
we require service providers to safeguard personal information and only use it for the purposes we specify;
we take reasonable steps to securely destroy or de-identify personal information when we no longer need it.
We keep personal Information as long as necessary to provide you with products or services, unless we are required or permitted to keep it for longer by law, regulation, or for the purposes of litigation or regulatory investigations.
F. YOUR DATA RIGHTS
Depending on your country of residence and your relationship with Resy, you may have certain legal rights regarding your personal information. Information about the specific rights available to you based on your country of residence can be found here:
Information for Australian Residents
Information for Canadian Residents
Information for European Economic Area (EEA) or United Kingdom Residents
Information for United States Residents
If you would like more information regarding the rights you may have, if you want to exercise any of your rights, if you have questions about how we process information about you, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us at
privacy@resy.com
.
If we receive a request from you regarding your rights provided under applicable law, we'll do our best to address your request as soon as possible and no later than required by local privacy laws. If we can't meet the deadline to respond to your inquiry that is required by local privacy laws, we'll contact you to explain the cause of the delay and provide an expected time for the response.
Where permitted under applicable law, you also may contact the applicable local Data Protection Authority directly. You may also have the option to take your case to the court where you live, work, or where there may have been an infringement.
G. YOUR CHOICES
Where you provide us with consent to do so, we may use the account information and contact information described in the "Information We Collect" section to send you marketing and advertisements, including curated recommendations about restaurants, Resy's editorial content, or other content we create. You have choices about how Resy uses personal information about you for marketing and advertising. The choices available to you may differ depending on whether we are communicating with you through a website, email, app, or social media.  We will always respect the choices you make.
Choices About the Information We Collect
Online Behavioral Advertising.
If you do not want us to collect information about you through cookies for marketing and advertising purposes, you can opt-out of cookies by following the directions in
Resy's Cookie Policy
. To complete this, your browser must be set to accept cookies (i.e., we will need to place an opt-out cookie on your browser). If you choose not to accept cookies by changing your browser settings, you may find that certain features of the website do not work properly.
Mobile apps.
You may exercise choices through your mobile device settings, including by turning off location-based services and device ad tracking.
Choices about Marketing Communications
If you no longer want to receive direct email marketing communications from us, you can opt out by clicking unsubscribe on the bottom of an e-mail communication and following the instructions. If you have a Resy account, you can also log into resy.com, click your profile, and click on "Communication," then uncheck the box under the "Marketing Communications" heading. Keep in mind, even if you do opt out of direct marketing, we may still communicate with you to service your account, fulfill your requests, or administer any promotion or program in which you have elected to participate. These communications are necessary for us to inform you about the services we provide to you.
H. CONTACTING US
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, or for information about the way we or our service providers treat personal information, please contact us at
privacy@resy.com
. Resy is located at 222 Broadway, 17th Floor, New York, NY 10038, United States.
If you are a customer and would like to update your personal information, you can log in to your Resy account at any time by visiting resy.com and clicking on your profile.
I. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. Depending on the nature of these changes, we may notify you in advance. When we make changes, we will update the "Effective Date" at the top of this page. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when posted. Your use of our products and services following these changes means you accept the revised Privacy Policy.
J. INFORMATION FOR AUSTRALIAN RESIDENTS
Cross-Border Transfers of Personal Information
Resy is an affiliate of
American Express
. Resy  and its service providers are located in Australia and other jurisdictions, including Canada, the European Economic Area (EEA) and the United Kingdom, and the United States. Laws in other jurisdictions may differ from the laws where you reside. We and our service providers may disclose your personal information if we are required or permitted by applicable law or legal process, which may include lawful access by foreign courts, law enforcement or other government authorities in the jurisdictions in which we or our service providers operate. For information about how we or our service providers treat personal information, please contact us as set out in the "Contacting Us" section of the Privacy Policy.
Your Data Rights
Individuals who reside in Australia have a right to access, update, and change or correct your personal information. If you want to execute your data rights or if you have any questions about how we process your personal information, please contact us as set out in the "Contacting Us" section of the Privacy Policy.
K. INFORMATION FOR CANADIAN RESIDENTS
Cross-Border Transfers of Personal Information
In Canada, Resy is licensed and operated by Amex Canada Inc. For Canadian resident users of these services, references to "Resy," "we," "our," or "us" in this Privacy Policy are deemed to be references to Amex Canada Inc. If you have any questions about this section or whether any of the following applies to you, please contact us as set out in the "Contacting Us" section of the Privacy Policy or you can contact our Canadian offices by mail at: Chief Privacy Officer, PO Box 3204 STN F, Toronto, Ontario M1W 3W7.
Resy and its service providers are located both in Canada (including both within and outside of Quebec) and in other jurisdictions, including Australia, the European Economic Area (EEA) and the United Kingdom, and the United States. Laws in other jurisdictions may differ from the laws where you reside. We and our service providers may disclose your personal information if we are required or permitted by applicable law or legal process, which may include lawful access by foreign courts, law enforcement or other government authorities in the jurisdictions in which we or our service providers operate. For information about how we or our service providers treat personal information, please contact us as set out in the "Contacting Us" section of the Privacy Policy.
Your Data Rights
Subject to limited exceptions under applicable law, you have the right to access, update, and correct inaccuracies in your personal information in our custody and control, and to withdraw your consent to our collection, use, or disclosure of your personal information (subject to legal and contractual restrictions). You may request access, updating, and corrections of inaccuracies in your personal information in our custody or control, or withdraw your consent, by contacting us as set out in the "Contacting Us" section of this Privacy Policy. We may request certain personal information for the purpose of verifying your identity. If you want to execute your data rights or if you have any questions about how we process your personal information, please contact us as set out in the "Contacting Us" section of the Privacy Policy.
L. INFORMATION FOR EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA (EEA) AND UNITED KINGDOM RESIDENTS
Cross-Border Transfers of Personal Information
Resy is an affiliate of
American Express
. Resy is a controller, and Resy and its service providers are located in the EEA and the United Kingdom and in other jurisdictions, including Australia, Canada, and the United States. Laws in other jurisdictions may differ from the laws where you reside. When we share personal information within the
American Express Family of Companies
or with third parties outside the EEA, we include appropriate contractual protections in those agreements. In addition, we assess whether other technical and organizational measures are required for those transfers. For information about how we or our service providers treat personal information, please contact us as set out in the "Contacting Us" section of the Privacy Policy.
Use of Information
Where we say that we use your information as described in the "Use of Information" section above for our business interests, we are using your information for our legitimate interests. Please note that we consider and balance any potential impact on you and your rights before processing your personal information for our legitimate interest.
Your Data Rights
Data Subjects in the EEA and the United Kingdom are provided certain legal rights regarding your personal information, including the right to:
request details on or access the personal information we have about you;
restrict and/or object to the use of personal information;
request a manual review of certain automated processing activities that may impact your legal or other contractual rights;
correct of the personal information we have about you;
receive your personal information in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and/or transmit such data to another data controller; and
withdraw the consent you have given for the processing of personal information at any time.
If you want to execute your data rights or if you have any questions about how we process your personal information, please contact us as set out in the "Contacting Us" section of the Privacy Policy.
M. INFORMATION FOR UNITED STATES RESIDENTS
Your Data Rights
Resy is an affiliate of
American Express
. If you reside in the United States and primarily use Resy for personal or family purposes, you are provided with the following rights under the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, a federal financial privacy law:
Opting out of sharing with third parties for marketing purposes: If you do not want your personal information/personal data shared with any third party who may use such information for their own direct marketing purposes, then you may opt out of such disclosures by sending an email to
privacy@resy.com
. Please note that if you decide to opt out in this manner, certain aspects of the Services may no longer be available to you. We will process your request within a reasonable time after receipt.
Opting out of sharing with affiliates: If you do not want your personal information/personal data shared with our affiliates, such as the
American Express Family of Companies
, who may use such information for direct marketing purposes, then you may opt out of such disclosures by sending an email to
privacy@resy.com
. Please note that if you opt out in this manner, certain aspects of the Services may no longer be available to you. We will process your request within a reasonable time after receipt.
If you would like to change your choices regarding direct marketing, please see your options in the "Your Choices" section above. If you would like to limit our sharing of your personal information, contact us at
privacy@resy.com
.
California Residents
California (CA) residents who primarily use Resy for personal or family purposes are provided rights under the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, a federal financial privacy law, not CCPA. These rights are described above in the "Additional Disclosures for the United States" sections. CA residents who primarily use Resy for business purposes may receive additional protections under the California Consumer Privacy Act ("CCPA") for "personal information." Under CCPA, personal information includes information that identifies or could reasonably be linked with a particular individual or household. It does not include information that is publicly available or that has been de-identified or aggregated. This section describes the categories of personal information that Resy collects, the purposes for which that information is collected, and any rights you may have with respect to your personal information.
Categories of personal information that we collect
Depending on the nature of your relationship with Resy (e.g., restaurant partner), we may have collected the following categories of personal information, including sensitive personal information, about you during the preceding 12 months:
Identifiers such as name, postal address, email address, account name, social security number, driver's license or state identification card number, or telephone number;
Information that identifies, relates to or is capable of being associated with, an individual, such as financial information;
Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law such as race, sex/gender or marital status;
Commercial information such as dining history;
Internet or other electronic network activity information such as browsing history;
Geolocation data, available through your device, if enabled;
Audio, electronic, or similar information;
Professional or employment-related information;
Education information;
Other personal information, as described to you in this privacy policy, or otherwise at the point of collection; and
Inferences drawn from some categories of information identified above, including about your preferences.
Why we collect personal information
Depending on your relationship with Resy (e.g., restaurant partner), we may use information about you for our business purposes, including:
To perform a contract with you;
To perform specific services that you have requested;
To respond to your direct inquiries;
For joint marketing with other financial companies;
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes;
Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests;
To send you Resy marketing materials;
To send you marketing materials for our affiliates' products and services;
Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation; and
In other ways as required or permitted by law or with your consent.
We do not collect or process sensitive personal information for the purpose of inferring characteristics about you and therefore do not offer the choice to limit the use or disclosure of sensitive personal information.
How we share your personal information
We do not sell your personal information or share it with third parties in order to serve you advertisements that are relevant to you, based on your interests inferred from your activity across other sites ("cross-context behavioral advertising"), including the personal information of consumers under the age of 16. However, we may have disclosed the categories of personal information described above with third parties during the preceding 12 months for the business purposes described above and in the rest of this privacy policy.
Please refer to the "Use of Information," "Sharing & Disclosing Information" and "Security" sections above for more detailed information regarding our collection and use of personal information, our sources of personal information, the length of time we retain personal information, and the categories of third parties with whom we may share personal information.
Your CA privacy rights
As a California resident, you may have certain rights over the personal information we have about you. You may have the right to request pursuant to the CCPA:
Access to your personal information in a portable format, or other information about our data processing practices;
Deletion of the personal information we have collected from you; and
Correction of the personal information we have collected about you.
We will not discriminate against you if you choose to exercise any of these rights. These rights are subject to limitations, such as when we retain personal information to comply with our own legal obligations.
To exercise your rights or if you have any questions or concerns, please contact us at
privacy@resy.com
. We may need to validate certain information about you to verify your identity before we can fulfill your request. If you are making a request for access, deletion, or correction rights on behalf of another person, we may require you to provide proof that you have been designated as their authorized agent. To view Resy's disclosure under the CCPA record-keeping requirement, please click
here
.
Politique de confidentialité mondiale
Date d’entrée en vigueur:
16 mai 2023
Politique en matière de témoins de Resy
RESY NETWORK, INC. (ci-après « Resy », « nous », « notre » ou « nos ») s’engage à protéger vos renseignements personnels. Resy appartient à
American Express.
Resy est située au 222 Broadway, 17e étage, New York, NY 10038, États-Unis.
Les présentes Lignes directrices sur la protection des renseignements personnels décrivent la façon dont nous recueillons des renseignements à votre sujet et dont nous les utilisons, les communiquons et les protégeons. Plus précisément, ces lignes directrices s’appliquent aux renseignements que nous recueillons par l’intermédiaire:
de produits ou services que nous exploitons, comme nos sites Web, nos systèmes d’exploitation et nos applications mobiles;
de services ou contenu que nous offrons sur des plateformes de tiers, comme nos communications électroniques, nos pages de médias sociaux et nos publicités numériques;
d’autres services ou contenu qui contiennent des liens ou des renvois menant à ces lignes directrices.
Votre utilisation de ces services est assujettie aux
conditions d’utilisation de Resy
. Si vous êtes un restaurant partenaire de Resy, votre utilisation de ces services est aussi assujettie aux
modalités du service des technologies de Resy
.
Nos sites Web et applications ne sont pas destinés aux personnes de moins de 18 ans (ou qui n’ont pas atteint l’âge de la majorité à l’endroit où elles résident ou là où est situé le restaurant partenaire de Resy) (« mineurs »). Nous ne recueillons pas sciemment des renseignements en ligne auprès de mineurs ni ne faisons de la publicité en ligne auprès d’eux.
Autres avis ou lignes directrices applicables sur la protection des renseignements personnels
Les présentes lignes directrices s’appliquent uniquement aux services fournis par Resy. Les autres produits et services d’American Express sont régis par leurs propres lignes directrices sur la protection des renseignements personnels, qui expliquent en détail comment American Express utilise les renseignements à votre sujet en lien avec le produit ou le service en question.
Les services de tiers, comme les sites Web de nos restaurants partenaires ou les sites Web de médias sociaux, sont régis par d’autres modalités qui expliquent comment les exploitants de ces services recueillent, utilisent ou communiquent vos renseignements. Veuillez lire les modalités des services en ligne que vous utilisez en lien avec les applications et services de Resy.
Que contiennent les présentes Lignes directrices sur la protection des renseignements personnels?
Renseignements que nous recueillons
Utilisation des renseignements
Communication et divulgation
Renseignements agrégés et anonymisés
Sécurité
Vos droits liés aux données
Vos choix
Nous joindre
Modifications aux présentes Lignes directrices sur la protection des renseignements personnels
Renseignements pour les résidents de l’Australie
Renseignements pour les résidents du Canada
Renseignements pour les résidents de l’Espace économique européen (EEE) et du Royaume-Uni
Renseignements pour les résidents des États-Unis
A. RENSEIGNEMENTS QUE NOUS RECUEILLONS
Les types de renseignements que nous recueillons varient selon le produit ou le service que vous utilisez.  Dans certains cas, nous recueillons des renseignements si vous nous les fournissez directement. Nous pouvons recueillir les types suivants de renseignements personnels (aussi appelés « données personnelles » dans certains marchés) directement auprès de vous:
des renseignements sur votre compte, y compris votre nom ou d’autres identifiants similaires;
vos coordonnées, y compris votre adresse électronique et vos numéros de téléphone;
vos renseignements financiers, y compris de l’information sur votre carte de crédit, votre carte de débit ou vos autres cartes de paiement;
des données sur vos opérations, y compris des renseignements sur les paiements que vous avez faits ou reçus (p. ex., frais d’annulation d’une réservation);
des données techniques, y compris votre adresse IP, vos données de connexion et des renseignements sur votre appareil et votre navigateur;
des données de votre profil, y compris votre nom d’utilisateur et votre mot de passe, et des renseignements facultatifs, comme vos intérêts en matière d’établissements de restauration, vos allergies alimentaires, vos préférences, votre photo, votre date de naissance ou votre biographie;
vos données d’utilisation, y compris des renseignements sur la façon dont vous utilisez nos services et sites partenaires ainsi que la publicité que nous présentons sur ces sites;
des données de marketing et de communication, y compris vos préférences en matière de marketing;
des renseignements sur votre emplacement, y compris votre pays de résidence et vos données de géolocalisation (si la géolocalisation est activée sur votre appareil).
Nous pouvons recueillir des renseignements personnels auprès de vous lorsque vous:
créez un compte sur Resy;
vous abonnez à nos services ou publications;
faites une réservation à l’aide de nos services;
vous prévalez de l’une de nos offres promotionnelles;
demandez que du marketing vous soit envoyé;
donnez vos commentaires sur votre expérience dans un établissement de restauration par notre intermédiaire, par exemple en répondant à un sondage;
nous donnez de la rétroaction ou communiquez avec nous.
Veuillez noter que, dans certains et avec votre consentement, nous pouvons aussi recueillir des renseignements personnels appartenant à certaines catégories particulières ou des renseignements personnels sensibles, comme des renseignements sur votre alimentation. Nous utiliserons ces renseignements uniquement dans la mesure autorisée ou exigée par la loi ou s’ils ont été fournis par vous avec votre consentement explicite.
Dans certains cas, il est obligatoire que Resy recueille et traite vos renseignements personnels pour vous offrir le produit ou le service demandé. Si vous choisissez de ne pas nous fournir vos renseignements personnels, nous pourrions ne pas être en mesure de vous offrir ce produit ou service. Les renseignements personnels que vous fournissez à des fins de marketing le sont de façon volontaire. Si vous souhaitez retirer votre consentement pour le marketing, veuillez consulter la section « Vos choix » ci-dessous.
Données de localisation
Quand vous nous donnez votre consentement ou activez la géolocalisation sur votre appareil, nous utilisons la latitude et la longitude de votre appareil lorsque vous cherchez un restaurant. Cette information nous permet d’améliorer la pertinence des résultats de recherche et de faciliter le processus de réservation. Elle est recueillie uniquement pendant que l’application est en cours d’exécution. Si vous voulez retirer votre consentement au suivi de votre emplacement, veuillez consulter la section « Mes choix » ci-dessous.
Nous pouvons aussi utiliser des données géographiques générales déduites en fonction de votre adresse IP pour savoir dans quelle ville vous vous trouvez afin de vous offrir des réservations de restaurant et des messages de marketing pertinents ou de personnaliser votre expérience.
Témoins et technologies similaires
Nous recueillons aussi des renseignements à l’aide de témoins et de technologies similaires quand vous utilisez nos services en ligne ou accédez à du contenu en ligne. Un « témoin » est une petite quantité de données qu’un site Web transfère vers votre ordinateur. Nous utilisons des témoins quand vous visitez notre site Web ou celui d’une autre entreprise où nos publicités figurent, ou quand vous faites une réservation ou demandez des renseignements personnalisés. Si vous acceptez les témoins utilisés sur un ou plusieurs de nos sites Web « développés par » une tierce entreprise en notre nom, ou ceux utilisés sur les sites Web où nos publicités figurent, vous pouvez nous donner accès à des renseignements relatifs à vos intérêts. Nous utilisons ces renseignements pour personnaliser votre expérience. Les « technologies similaires » comprennent les pixels transparents, les pixels-espions et les balises Web, qui sont habituellement des images transparentes sur les sites Web. Les témoins et technologies similaires peuvent aussi aider Resy et ses fournisseurs de services à recueillir des renseignements sur votre appareil, votre système d’exploitation et votre navigateur Web, ainsi que des renseignements sur votre utilisation de l’appareil, comme décrit plus en détail ci-dessous.
Les renseignements que nous recueillons à l’aide des témoins et technologies similaires peuvent aussi porter sur:
le ou les appareils que vous utilisez (comme le système d’exploitation ou le type d’appareil que vous utilisez pour ouvrir les communications électroniques que nous envoyons);
votre adresse IP (comme les renseignements sur votre domaine, votre fournisseur de services Internet et votre emplacement géographique général);
la façon dont vous utilisez nos sites Web et applications, comme les recherches que vous effectuez, les pages que vous consultez, la durée de votre navigation et la fréquence de vos visites;
les recherches que vous faites pour trouver nos sites Web et applications, les sites Web ou applications à partir desquels vous accédez à nos sites Web et, parfois, la question de savoir si vous avez visité le site Web de l’un de nos partenaires commerciaux;
les publicités ou le contenu en ligne que vous consultez, auxquels vous accédez ou sur lesquels vous cliquez, qu’il s’agisse des nôtres ou de ceux de nos partenaires commerciaux;
la question de savoir si vous ouvrez nos communications électroniques et les sections sur lesquelles vous cliquez (par exemple, combien de fois vous ouvrez un courriel de notre part).
Si vous utilisez votre appareil mobile pour accéder à nos produits ou services, nous pouvons recueillir des renseignements à propos de cet appareil (par exemple, nous recueillons des renseignements sur votre emplacement pour vous fournir le contenu géolocalisé que vous demandez).
Pour en savoir plus sur les témoins et les technologies similaires, veuillez consulter la
Politique en matière de témoins de Resy
.
Autres sources de renseignements
Comme mentionné ci-dessus, nous pouvons recevoir des renseignements à votre sujet d’autres sources, conformément aux avis sur la protection des renseignements personnels propres à chaque produit ou service. Par exemple:
quand un nouveau restaurant se joint à nous, si vous avez déjà été client de ce restaurant, nous pouvons recueillir les renseignements dont ce restaurant dispose à votre sujet et les importer dans le livre des visiteurs du restaurant sur notre plateforme;
nous pouvons recueillir des renseignements à votre sujet fournis par nos restaurants partenaires, y compris des notes, des balises et d’autres métadonnées sur vos habitudes et vos expériences dans les établissements de restauration.
Nous pouvons aussi obtenir des renseignements au sujet des autres produits et services d’American Express que vous utilisez, conformément aux avis sur la protection des renseignements personnels. Nous pouvons combiner ces autres renseignements avec les renseignements en ligne que nous avons recueillis à votre sujet aux termes des présentes Lignes directrices sur la protection des renseignements personnels (p. ex., vos prochaines réservations dans un restaurant).
B. UTILISATION DES RENSEIGNEMENTS
Nous utilisons les renseignements à votre sujet seuls ou combinés avec d’autres renseignements, conformément aux lois applicables : i) lorsqu’ils sont nécessaires pour gérer notre relation contractuelle avec vous; ii) dans notre propre intérêt commercial pour vous offrir de meilleurs produits et services; iii) lorsque nous avons obtenu votre consentement, par exemple à certaines fins de marketing; ou iv) pour nous conformer aux lois applicables.
Plus précisément, nous pouvons utiliser les renseignements à votre sujet aux fins suivantes:
Pour gérer notre relation contractuelle avec vous et pour vous offrir nos produits et services, notamment pour:
traiter vos réservations, y compris en fournissant vos renseignements personnels au restaurant tel que décrit dans la section « Communication et divulgation des renseignements »;
gérer votre compte;
vous informer sur les nouvelles fonctionnalités et les nouveaux avantages;
vous fournir les services géolocalisés que vous pouvez demander;
mieux communiquer avec vous.
Dans notre intérêt commercial ou dans l’intérêt commercial de nos partenaires, ou dans la mesure permise par la loi, nous pouvons utiliser des renseignements à votre sujet pour:
effectuer des recherches et des analyses pour mieux comprendre nos visiteurs en ligne, nos clients et notre entreprise, notamment pour:
demander de la rétroaction ou des avis sur nos produits et services et ceux de nos partenaires commerciaux et de nos partenaires d’affaires,
déterminer l’efficacité de nos campagnes de publicité et de marketing,
améliorer nos sites Web ou applications et les rendre plus faciles à utiliser,
vous regrouper avec des clients similaires pour faire des prévisions à votre sujet, offrir des services plus personnalisés et déterminer si vous pourriez être intéressé par de nouveaux produits ou services;
gérer les risques de notre entreprise, comme la fraude et les risques liés à la sécurité, notamment pour:
détecter et prévenir la fraude et les activités criminelles, et pour protéger votre compte, y compris en utilisant l’emplacement et d’autres caractéristiques techniques de votre appareil mobile ou navigateur;
faire la promotion de nos produits et services et de ceux de nos partenaires commerciaux et les commercialiser, y compris pour vous proposer du contenu qui correspond à vos intérêts, notamment de la publicité ciblée sur divers appareils (voir la section « Publicité numérique » pour en savoir plus).
Avec votre consentement, nous pouvons utiliser vos renseignements pour:
faire la promotion de nos produits et services;
vous envoyer des publicités, des promotions et des offres sur des produits et services d’entreprises au sein de la
famille d’entreprises d’American Express
, de nos partenaires d’affaires et de nos partenaires commerciaux;
les communiquer à des restaurants partenaires à des fins de marketing;
savoir quand vous revenez sur nos sites Web, recevez nos courriels ou utilisez nos applications sur différents appareils (par exemple, pour vous envoyer des publicités, des promotions, des offres ou du contenu personnalisés, notamment de la publicité ciblée). Veuillez consulter la section « Témoins et technologies similaires » ci-dessus pour en savoir plus.
Afin de nous conformer aux lois et règlements applicables partout sur la planète, nous pouvons utiliser des renseignements à votre sujet:
pour établir, exercer ou défendre nos droits légaux ou déclarations et pour faciliter la résolution des contestations;
dans la mesure requise ou permise par la loi.
Publicité numérique
Nous faisons de la publicité sur nos sites Web et applications ainsi que sur des plateformes de tiers, y compris des réseaux de publicité, des serveurs publicitaires et des plateformes de médias sociaux. Nous pouvons utiliser des renseignements à votre sujet pour vous proposer du contenu marketing en ligne qui correspond à vos intérêts ou à votre emplacement géographique général sur les différents appareils que vous utilisez. Voici comment cela fonctionne.
Nous proposons de la publicité ciblée en fonction de renseignements que nous recueillons au sujet de vos habitudes de navigation au fil du temps sur différents sites Web que vous visitez ou sur les appareils que vous pouvez utiliser. Pour ce faire, nous utilisons des renseignements personnels, votre adresse électronique et d’autres renseignements recueillis à l’aide de témoins et de technologies similaires. Cliquez sur les liens ci-dessous pour en savoir plus sur les programmes d’autoréglementation auxquels nous participons dans les territoires suivants:
Canada : L’
Alliance de la publicité numérique du Canada (DAAC)
,
Espace économique européen (EEE) et Royaume-Uni : l’
European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA)
,
États-Unis : Les
principes d’autoréglementation pour la publicité comportementale en ligne de la Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA)
.
Vous trouverez sur ces sites Web de plus amples renseignements sur vos choix relatifs à la publicité ciblée. Vous pouvez aussi choisir comment nous vous présentons nos produits et services, comme précisé dans la section « Vos choix » ci-dessous.
Nous utilisons aussi des renseignements à votre sujet pour guider le contenu publicitaire ou pour participer à des campagnes de publicité ciblée sur des plateformes de médias sociaux, comme Meta. Si vous vous abonnez à nos pages de médias sociaux ou donnez une mention « J’aime » à notre contenu sur ces plateformes, nous pouvons utiliser ces renseignements à votre sujet pour améliorer le contenu qui vous est proposé sur les médias sociaux ainsi que la façon dont il vous est présenté. Ces sites Web et applications ne nous appartiennent pas, et nous sommes tenus d’utiliser les renseignements à votre sujet uniquement de façon conforme aux politiques de confidentialité et aux conditions d’utilisation de ces plateformes.
Vous pouvez choisir la façon dont nous vous présentons nos produits et services, comme précisé dans la section « Vos choix » ci-dessous.
C. COMMUNICATION ET DIVULGATION DE RENSEIGNEMENTS
Nous pouvons communiquer ou divulguer des renseignements à votre sujet, y compris aux entités suivantes:
les restaurants et leurs sociétés affiliées ainsi que d’autres tiers non affiliés à Resy (comme décrit dans les
conditions d’utilisation de Resy
) quand vous utilisez les services pour faire une demande de réservation de restaurant, y compris quand vous faites une réservation ou laissez un commentaire sur votre expérience dans l’établissement de restauration, par exemple en répondant à un sondage. Quand nous communiquons vos renseignements à un restaurant pour répondre à une demande de réservation de restaurant, le restaurant recueille et traite vos renseignements personnels en tant que contrôleur, et vos renseignements personnels sont assujettis à ses politiques et pratiques en matière de protection des renseignements personnels. En lien avec votre demande de réservation, nous fournirons au restaurant des renseignements à votre sujet appartenant aux catégories suivantes : votre nom, votre profil de client, la date et l’heure de vos visites, vos coordonnées, vos préférences en matière d’établissements de restauration, le nombre de personnes et toute autre information que vous fournissez en faisant votre réservation ou en laissant un avis. Nous ou le restaurant pouvons communiquer vos renseignements aux sociétés affiliées du restaurant (p. ex., d’autres restaurants membres du même groupe) pour améliorer votre expérience et vous offrir un service personnalisé lorsque vous mangez dans un établissement du groupe en question, ainsi que pour améliorer la planification des tables et des quarts de travail du restaurant. Lorsqu’ils interagissent avec vous, le restaurant et ses sociétés affiliées peuvent communiquer vos renseignements à leurs partenaires, dans la mesure permise par la loi, afin de soutenir leurs activités, par exemple pour effectuer des analyses et adapter leur marketing en fonction de vos intérêts.
nos fournisseurs de services, qui offrent des services pour nous (par exemple, impression, envoi postal, publicité, marketing) et qui nous aident à mener nos activités (nous exigeons que tous nos fournisseurs de services protègent les renseignements personnels conformément à nos normes et les utilisent uniquement aux fins que nous permettons);
aux organismes de réglementation, aux tribunaux et aux organismes gouvernementaux pour nous conformer aux exigences prévues par la loi ou réglementaires, pour contribuer aux enquêtes prévues par la loi ou réglementaires et pour protéger les droits d’American Express et d’autres entités;
aux entreprises au sein de la
famille d’entreprises d’American Express
;
aux partenaires d’affaires ou aux partenaires commerciaux (par exemple, d’autres institutions financières, des programmes de fidélisation, des partenaires en voyage et certains partenaires publicitaires) avec qui nous offrons ou développons des produits et services;
aux parties concernées advenant la vente d’une partie ou de la totalité de la
d’entreprises d’American Express
ou de ses actifs; ou
à d’autres tiers selon ce qui est exigé ou permis par la loi, ou avec votre consentement.
Transferts transfrontaliers de renseignements personnels
Pour vous offrir nos produits ou services et conformément aux lois applicables, il est possible que nous devions transférer des renseignements personnels vers d’autres pays que celui dans lequel vous résidez, notamment en Australie, au Canada, au Royaume-Uni et aux États-Unis. Peu importe où nous traitons les renseignements personnels à votre sujet, nous les protégerons toujours de la manière décrite dans les
principes de protection des données et des renseignements personnels d’American Express
et dans les présentes Lignes directrices sur la protection des renseignements personnels, et conformément aux lois applicables. Nos fournisseurs de services et nous pouvons communiquer vos renseignements personnels si les lois applicables ou un processus judiciaire l’exigent ou l’autorisent, c’est-à-dire que des tribunaux, des organismes d’application de la loi ou d’autres organismes gouvernementaux dans les territoires où nous et nos fournisseurs de services menons nos activités pourraient obtenir un accès légitime à ces renseignements.
Vous trouverez ci-dessous des renseignements supplémentaires sur les transferts transfrontaliers des renseignements personnels dans les territoires suivants:
Renseignements pour les résidents de l’Australie
Renseignements pour les résidents du Canada
Renseignements pour les résidents de l’Espace économique européen (EEE) et du Royaume-Uni
D. RENSEIGNEMENTS AGRÉGÉS ET ANONYMISÉS
Nous traitons parfois les renseignements afin qu’ils ne permettent plus d’identifier la personne; il s’agit alors de « renseignements agrégés et anonymisés ». Nous utilisons les renseignements agrégés et anonymisés pour:
analyser les habitudes au sein de groupes de personnes (comme les utilisateurs en ligne);
rédiger des analyses et conseils commerciaux ou des rapports statistiques;
améliorer nos publicités et notre entreprise.
Nous communiquons parfois des renseignements agrégés et anonymisés à des tiers, en grande partie pour les motifs décrits ci-dessus.
E. SÉCURITÉ
Nous utilisons des mesures de sécurité administratives, organisationnelles, techniques et physiques pour protéger la confidentialité, l’intégrité et la disponibilité des renseignements personnels. Voici ce que vous devez savoir:
ces mesures comprennent des mécanismes de sécurité technologiques ainsi que des mesures de contrôle de l’accès aux données et aux installations;
nous exigeons que les fournisseurs de services protègent les renseignements personnels et les utilisent uniquement aux fins que nous avons précisées;
nous prenons des mesures raisonnables pour détruire ou dépersonnaliser de façon sécuritaire les renseignements personnels une fois que nous n’en avons plus besoin.
Nous conservons les renseignements personnels le temps nécessaire pour vous offrir des produits ou services, sauf si nous sommes tenus de les conserver plus longtemps ou sommes autorisés à le faire en vertu de la loi ou des règlements ou en raison d’un litige ou d’une enquête réglementaire.
F. VOS DROITS LIÉS AUX DONNÉES
Selon votre pays de résidence et votre relation avec Resy, vous pourriez avoir certains droits légaux concernant vos renseignements personnels. Vous trouverez ci-dessous des renseignements sur vos droits en fonction de votre pays de résidence:
Renseignements pour les résidents de l’Australie
Renseignements pour les résidents du Canada
Renseignements pour les résidents de l’Espace économique européen (EEE) et du Royaume-Uni
Renseignements pour les résidents des États-Unis
Si vous voulez en savoir plus sur les droits que vous pourriez avoir, si vous souhaitez exercer l’un de vos droits, si vous avez des questions sur la façon dont nous traitons les renseignements à votre sujet ou si vous voulez faire une plainte, veuillez communiquer avec nous au
privacy@resy.com
.
Si nous recevons une demande de votre part au sujet de vos droits prévus par les lois applicables, nous ferons tout en notre pouvoir pour y répondre le plus rapidement possible, en respectant le délai prescrit par les lois locales en matière de protection des renseignements personnels. Si nous ne sommes pas en mesure de répondre à votre demande dans le délai prescrit par les lois locales en matière de protection des renseignements personnels, nous communiquerons avec vous pour vous expliquer la raison du retard et pour vous dire à quel moment vous devriez recevoir une réponse.
Lorsque les lois applicables l’autorisent, vous pouvez aussi communiquer directement avec l’organisme local de protection des données. Vous pouvez également déposer votre demande au tribunal où vous résidez ou travaillez, ou à l’endroit où a eu lieu la possible violation.
G. VOS CHOIX
Si vous y consentez, nous pouvons utiliser les renseignements sur le compte et les coordonnées décrits dans la section « Renseignements que nous recueillons » pour vous envoyer du matériel de marketing et des publicités, y compris des recommandations de restaurant personnalisées, du contenu éditorial de Resy ou d’autre contenu que nous créons. Vous pouvez choisir la façon dont Resy utilise les renseignements personnels à votre sujet à des fins de marketing et de publicité. Vos choix peuvent varier selon la façon dont nous communiquons avec vous, c’est-à-dire par l’intermédiaire d’un site Web, par courriel, dans une application ou dans les médias sociaux.  Nous respecterons toujours vos choix.
Choix des renseignements que nous recueillons
Publicité comportementale en ligne.
Si vous ne voulez pas que nous recueillions des renseignements à votre sujet à l’aide de témoins à des fins de marketing et de publicité, vous pouvez vous désabonner des témoins en suivant les directives dans la
Politique en matière de témoins de Resy.
Pour ce faire, votre navigateur doit accepter les témoins (c.-à-d. que nous devrons placer un témoin de désabonnement dans votre navigateur). Si vous réglez les paramètres de votre navigateur afin que les témoins ne soient pas acceptés, il se peut que certaines fonctions du site Web fonctionnent mal.
Applications mobiles.
Vous pouvez exercer vos choix en réglant les paramètres de votre appareil mobile, par exemple en désactivant les services géolocalisés et le suivi publicitaire de votre appareil.
Choix pour les communications de marketing
Si vous ne voulez plus recevoir de communications de marketing par courriel de notre part, vous pouvez vous désabonner en cliquant sur le lien à cette fin dans le bas d’une communication par courriel et en suivant les directives. Si vous avez un compte Resy, vous pouvez aussi vous connecter au resy.com, cliquer sur votre profil, cliquer sur « Communication », puis décocher la case sous « Communications de marketing ».
H. NOUS JOINDRE
Si vous avez des questions au sujet des présentes Lignes directrices sur la protection des renseignements personnels ou si vous voulez en savoir plus sur la façon dont nous ou nos fournisseurs de services traitons les renseignements personnels, veuillez nous écrire au
privacy@resy.com
.
Si vous êtes un client et désirez mettre à jour vos renseignements personnels, vous pouvez le faire à tout moment en vous connectant à votre compte Resy au resy.com et en cliquant sur votre profil.
I. MODIFICATIONS AUX PRÉSENTES LIGNES DIRECTRICES SUR LA PROTECTION DES RENSEIGNEMENTS PERSONNELS
Nous pouvons modifier ces Lignes directrices sur la protection des renseignements personnels de temps à autre. Selon la nature de ces changements, nous pouvons vous en informer à l’avance. Lorsque nous apporterons des modifications, nous mettrons à jour la date d’entrée en vigueur indiquée dans le haut de la présente page. Toute modification aux présentes Lignes directrices sur la protection des renseignements personnels entrera en vigueur dès sa publication. Si vous utilisez nos produits et services après ces modifications, cela signifie que vous acceptez les Lignes directrices sur la protection des renseignements personnels modifiées.
J. RENSEIGNEMENTS POUR LES RÉSIDENTS DE L’AUSTRALIE
Transferts transfrontaliers de renseignements personnels
Resy est une société affiliée à
American Express
. Resy est hébergée et exploitée par l’intermédiaire de Resy et de ses fournisseurs de services, qui sont situés en Australie et dans d’autres territoires, y compris le Canada, l’Espace économique européen (EEE) et le Royaume-Uni, et les États-Unis. Les lois des autres territoires peuvent être différentes des lois de votre lieu de résidence. Nos fournisseurs de services et nous pouvons communiquer vos renseignements personnels si les lois applicables ou un processus judiciaire l’exigent ou l’autorisent, c’est-à-dire que des tribunaux, des organismes d’application de la loi ou d’autres organismes gouvernementaux dans les territoires où nous et nos fournisseurs de services menons nos activités pourraient obtenir un accès légitime à ces renseignements. Pour en savoir plus sur la manière dont nous et nos fournisseurs de services traitons les renseignements personnels, veuillez communiquer avec nous aux coordonnées indiquées dans la section « Nous joindre » des présentes Lignes directrices sur la protection des renseignements personnels.
Vos droits liés aux données
Les particuliers qui résident en Australie ont le droit d’obtenir, de mettre à jour, de modifier ou de corriger leurs renseignements personnels. Si vous désirez exercer vos droits liés aux données ou si vous avez des questions sur la façon dont nous traitons vos renseignements personnels, veuillez communiquer avec nous comme précisé à la section « Nous joindre » des Lignes directrices sur la protection des renseignements personnels.
K. RENSEIGNEMENTS POUR LES RÉSIDENTS CANADIENS
Transferts transfrontaliers de renseignements personnels
Au Canada, Resy est autorisée et exploitée par Amex Canada Inc. Pour les utilisateurs de ces services qui résident au Canada, toute mention de « Resy », « nous », « notre » ou « nos » dans les présentes Lignes directrices sur la protection des renseignements personnels est réputée comme désignant Amex Canada Inc. Si vous avez des questions sur cette section ou si l’un des éléments qui suit s’applique à vous, veuillez communiquer avec nous comme précisé dans la section « Nous joindre » des Lignes directrices sur la protection des renseignements personnels. Vous pouvez aussi écrire à nos bureaux canadiens par la poste au : Chef de la protection des renseignements personnels, C.P. 3204, succursale F, Toronto, Ontario  M1W 3W7.
Resy est hébergée et exploitée par l’intermédiaire de Resy et de ses fournisseurs de services, qui sont situés au Canada (tant au Québec qu’à l’extérieur de la province) et dans d’autres territoires, y compris l’Australie, l’Espace économique européen (EEE) et le Royaume-Uni ainsi que les États-Unis. Les lois des autres territoires peuvent être différentes des lois de votre lieu de résidence. Nos fournisseurs de services et nous pouvons communiquer vos renseignements personnels si les lois applicables ou un processus judiciaire l’exigent ou l’autorisent, c’est-à-dire que des tribunaux, des organismes d’application de la loi ou d’autres organismes gouvernementaux dans les territoires où nous et nos fournisseurs de services menons nos activités pourraient obtenir un accès légitime à ces renseignements. Pour en savoir plus sur la manière dont nous et nos fournisseurs de services traitons les renseignements personnels, veuillez communiquer avec nous aux coordonnées indiquées dans la section « Nous joindre » des présentes Lignes directrices sur la protection des renseignements personnels.
Vos droits liés aux données
Sous réserve de certaines exceptions prévues par les lois applicables, vous avez le droit d’obtenir, de mettre à jour et de corriger vos renseignements personnels que nous avons en notre possession. Vous pouvez aussi retirer votre consentement à ce que nous recueillions, utilisions ou communiquions vos renseignements personnels (sous réserve des restrictions légales et contractuelles). Pour demander d’obtenir, de mettre à jour et de corriger vos renseignements personnels que nous avons en notre possession ou pour retirer votre consentement, vous pouvez communiquer avec nous comme précisé à la section « Nous joindre » des présentes Lignes directrices sur la protection des renseignements personnels. Nous pouvons demander certains renseignements personnels pour confirmer votre identité. Si vous désirez exercer vos droits liés aux données ou si vous avez des questions sur la façon dont nous traitons vos renseignements personnels, veuillez communiquer avec nous comme précisé à la section « Nous joindre » des Lignes directrices sur la protection des renseignements personnels.
L. RENSEIGNEMENTS POUR LES RÉSIDENTS DE L’ESPACE ÉCONOMIQUE EUROPÉEN (EEE) ET DU ROYAUME-UNI
Transferts transfrontaliers de renseignements personnels
Resy est une société affiliée à
American Express
. Resy est un contrôleur hébergé et exploité par l’intermédiaire de Resy et de ses fournisseurs de services, qui sont situés dans l’EEE et au Royaume-Uni ainsi que dans d’autres territoires, y compris l’Australie, le Canada et les États-Unis. Les lois des autres territoires peuvent être différentes des lois de votre lieu de résidence. Lorsque nous communiquons des renseignements au sein de la
famille d’entreprises d’American Express
ou à des tiers situés à l’extérieur de l’EEE, nous ajoutons des protections contractuelles pertinentes dans les ententes. De plus, nous évaluons si d’autres mesures techniques et organisationnelles sont requises pour ces transferts. Pour en savoir plus sur la manière dont nous et nos fournisseurs de services traitons les renseignements personnels, veuillez communiquer avec nous aux coordonnées indiquées dans la section « Nous joindre » des présentes Lignes directrices sur la protection des renseignements personnels.
Utilisation des renseignements
Where we say that we use your information as described in the "Use of Information" section above for our business interests, we are using your information for our legitimate interests. Please note that we consider and balance any potential impact on you and your rights before processing your personal information for our legitimate interest.
Vos droits liés aux données
Les personnes concernées dans l’EEE et au Royaume-Uni ont certains droits légaux en lien avec leurs renseignements personnels, y compris:
demander des détails sur les renseignements personnels que nous avons à leur sujet ou demander l’accès à ces renseignements;
restreindre l’utilisation des renseignements personnels ou s’y opposer;
demander un examen manuel de certaines activités de traitement automatisé qui pourraient avoir des répercussions sur leurs droits légaux ou d’autres droits contractuels;
corriger les renseignements personnels que nous avons à leur sujet;
recevoir leurs renseignements personnels dans un format structuré, couramment utilisé et exploitable sur machine ou transmettre ces données à un autre contrôleur de données;
retirer à tout moment leur consentement au traitement des renseignements personnels.
Si vous désirez exercer vos droits liés aux données ou si vous avez des questions sur la façon dont nous traitons vos renseignements personnels, veuillez communiquer avec nous comme précisé à la section « Nous joindre » des Lignes directrices sur la protection des renseignements personnels.
M. RENSEIGNEMENTS POUR LES RÉSIDENTS DES ÉTATS-UNIS
Vos droits liés aux données
Resy est une société affiliée à
American Express
Si vous résidez aux États-Unis et utilisez Resy principalement pour un usage personnel ou familial, vous avez les droits suivants en vertu de la loi Gramm-Leach-Bliley, une loi fédérale sur la protection des renseignements personnels qui s’applique aux institutions financières:
Refuser que vos renseignements soient communiqués à des tiers à des fins de marketing : Si vous ne voulez pas que vos données ou vos renseignements personnels soient communiqués à des tiers qui peuvent les utiliser à leurs propres fins de marketing direct, vous pouvez retirer votre consentement en écrivant au
privacy@resy.com
. Sachez que si vous retirez votre consentement de cette façon, certains aspects des services pourraient ne plus vous être offerts. Nous traiterons votre demande dans un délai raisonnable après sa réception.
Refuser que vos renseignements soient communiqués aux sociétés membres de notre groupe : Si vous ne voulez pas que vos données ou renseignements personnels soient communiqués aux sociétés membres de notre groupe, comme la
famille d’entreprises d’American Express
, qui peuvent utiliser ces renseignements à des fins de marketing direct, vous pouvez retirer votre consentement en écrivant au
privacy@resy.com
. Sachez que si vous retirez votre consentement de cette façon, certains aspects des services pourraient ne plus vous être offerts. Nous traiterons votre demande dans un délai raisonnable après sa réception.
Si vous voulez modifier vos choix en lien avec le marketing direct, veuillez consulter les options qui s’offrent à vous dans la section « Vos choix » ci-dessus. Si vous désirez limiter la mesure dans laquelle nous communiquons vos renseignements personnels, écrivez-nous au
privacy@resy.com
.
Résidents de la Californie
Les résidents de la Californie qui utilisent Resy principalement pour un usage personnel ou familial ont des droits en vertu de la loi Gramm-Leach-Bliley, une loi fédérale sur la protection des renseignements personnels qui s’applique aux institutions financières, et non en vertu de la CCPA. Ces droits sont décrits ci-dessus dans la section « Renseignements pour les résidents des États-Unis ». Les résidents de la Californie qui utilisent Resy principalement pour un usage commercial peuvent bénéficier d’autres protections de leurs renseignements personnels en vertu de la California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA). Aux termes de la CCPA, les renseignements personnels comprennent les renseignements qui permettent d’identifier un particulier ou un ménage ou qui pourraient raisonnablement y être liés. Ils ne comprennent pas les renseignements connus du public ni les renseignements dépersonnalisés ou agrégés. Cette section décrit les catégories de renseignements personnels que Resy recueille, les raisons pour lesquelles ils sont recueillis, et les droits que vous pourriez avoir en lien avec vos renseignements personnels.
Catégories de renseignements personnels que nous recueillons
Selon la nature de votre relation avec Resy (p. ex., restaurant partenaire), nous pouvons avoir recueilli des renseignements personnels appartenant aux catégories suivantes, y compris des renseignements personnels sensibles, au cours des 12 derniers mois:
des identifiants, comme votre nom, votre adresse postale, votre adresse électronique, le nom de votre compte, votre numéro d’assurance sociale, votre numéro de permis de conduire ou de carte d’identité d’État ou votre numéro de téléphone;
des renseignements qui permettent d’identifier un particulier, qui y sont liés ou qui peuvent y être associés, comme des renseignements financiers;
des caractéristiques de niveau « protégé » en vertu des lois fédérales ou des lois de la Californie, comme la race, le genre ou l’état civil;
des renseignements commerciaux, comme votre historique de fréquentation des établissements de restauration;
des renseignements sur vos activités sur Internet ou d’autres réseaux électroniques, comme votre historique de navigation;
des données de géolocalisation obtenues par l’intermédiaire de votre appareil, si cette fonction est activée;
des renseignements audio et électroniques ou d’autres renseignements semblables;
des renseignements sur votre situation professionnelle ou votre emploi;
des renseignements sur votre scolarité;
d’autres renseignements personnels, comme décrit dans ces Lignes directrices sur la protection des renseignements personnels ou d’une autre manière au point de collecte;
des déductions tirées à partir de certaines catégories de renseignements mentionnées ci-dessus, notamment au sujet de vos préférences.
Pourquoi nous recueillons des renseignements personnels
Selon votre relation avec Resy (p. ex., restaurant partenaire), nous pouvons utiliser des renseignements à votre sujet à des fins commerciales, y compris:
pour conclure un contrat avec vous;
pour vous offrir les services que vous avez demandés;
pour répondre à vos demandes de renseignements;
à des fins de marketing en collaboration avec d’autres entreprises financières;
pour permettre aux sociétés membres de notre groupe de mener leurs activités quotidiennes;
dans notre intérêt légitime, au besoin. Vos intérêts et vos droits fondamentaux n’ont pas préséance sur ces intérêts;
pour vous envoyer du matériel de marketing de Resy;
pour vous envoyer du matériel de marketing sur les produits et services des sociétés membres de notre groupe;
pour nous conformer à une obligation légale ou réglementaire, s’il y a lieu;
d’autres manières exigées ou permises par la loi, ou avec votre consentement.
Puisque nous ne recueillons pas ni ne traitons des renseignements personnels sensibles pour déduire quelles sont vos caractéristiques, nous n’offrons pas la possibilité de limiter l’utilisation ou la communication des renseignements personnels sensibles.
Comment nous communiquons vos renseignements personnels
Nous ne vendons pas vos renseignements personnels ni ne les communiquons à des tiers pour leur permettre de vous présenter des publicités pertinentes pour vous et de déduire quels sont vos intérêts en fonction de votre activité sur d’autres sites (« publicité comportementale intercontextuelle »). Cela s’applique également aux renseignements personnels des consommateurs de moins de 16 ans. Toutefois, nous pourrions avoir communiqué à des tiers des renseignements appartenant aux catégories énoncées ci-dessus au cours des 12 derniers mois aux fins commerciales décrites ci-dessus et dans le reste des présentes Lignes directrices sur la protection des renseignements personnels.
Veuillez consulter les sections « Utilisation des renseignements », « Communication et divulgation des renseignements » et « Sécurité » ci-dessus pour en savoir plus sur la collecte et l’utilisation des renseignements personnels, sur nos sources de renseignements personnels, sur la durée de conservation des renseignements personnels et sur les catégories de tiers auxquels nous pouvons communiquer des renseignements personnels.
Vos droits en matière de protection des renseignements personnels en tant que résident de la Californie
En tant que résident de la Californie, vous pouvez avoir certains droits sur les renseignements personnels que nous détenons à votre sujet. En vertu de la CCPA, vous pouvez avoir le droit de demander:
l’accès à vos renseignements personnels dans un format portable ou à d’autres renseignements sur nos pratiques de traitement des données;
la suppression des renseignements personnels que nous avons recueillis auprès de vous;
la correction des renseignements personnels que nous avons recueillis à votre sujet.
Nous ne vous discriminerons pas si vous décidez d’exercer ces droits. Ces droits peuvent faire l’objet de limites, par exemple quand nous conservons des renseignements personnels pour nous conformer à des obligations légales.
Pour exercer vos droits, pour poser vos questions ou pour exprimer vos préoccupations, écrivez-nous au
privacy@resy.com
. Il est possible que nous devions valider certains renseignements à votre sujet pour confirmer votre identité avant de pouvoir répondre à votre demande. Si vous faites une demande d’accès, de suppression ou de correction au nom d’une autre personne, nous pouvons vous demander de fournir une preuve que vous avez été désigné comme agent autorisé de cette personne. Pour consulter le document de divulgation de Resy en application de l’exigence de tenue de dossiers de la CCPA, veuillez cliquer
ici.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://resy.com/#policy%20changes:
Skip to Main
Exclusive U.S. Offers from Amex
The Resy Credit
For Restaurants
Main Content
Sub-policy 1
https://www.americanexpress.com/en-iec/company/legal/privacy-centre/privacy-principles/:
Skip to main content
American Express
Data Protection and Privacy Principles
The following Data Protection and Privacy Principles (“Principles”) set out the way that American Express Company and its wholly owned direct and indirect subsidiaries (“American Express”) will collect, use, store, share, transmit, delete or otherwise process (collectively “process”) your personal data. Personal data means any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual. The standard of personal data protection set out in these Principles will be used by American Express globally, providing adequate and consistent protection for the processing of your personal data. In these Principles, “you” and “your” means any individual customer or employee of American Express and any other individual whose personal data we process and “we”, “us”, “our” and “American Express Group” means American Express.
Important Links
Online Privacy Statement
Privacy Principles
About Cookies
Set Cookies Preferences
Binding Corporate Rules
Collection
: We will only collect personal data that is needed and by lawful and fair means.
Notice and Processing
: Where it is not apparent from the products or services you require or the nature of your relationship with us, we will tell you how your personal data will be processed and which companies in the American Express Group are responsible for that processing. We will process your personal data fairly and only for those purposes we have told you, for purposes permitted by you or as permitted by applicable law. In addition, you may object to certain types of processing as expressly permitted by applicable law.
Choice
: We give customers the option of having their personal data included or removed from lists used for marketing as required by applicable law. This includes product and service offers from American Express and those made in conjunction with our business partners. Of course each of our businesses will continue to send customers information about the products or services they receive from that business.
Data Quality
: We use appropriate technology and well-defined employee practices to process your personal data promptly and accurately. We will not keep your personal data longer than is necessary, except as otherwise required by applicable law.
Security and Confidentiality
: We will keep your personal data confidential and limit access to your personal data to those who specifically need it to conduct their business activities, except as otherwise permitted by applicable law. We refer to industry standards and use reasonable administrative, technical and physical security measures to protect your personal data from unauthorised access, destruction, use, modification or disclosure. We require industry standard data security measures from those third parties who are authorised by us to process your personal data on our behalf.
Data Sharing
: We only share your personal data with third parties where it is necessary to provide you with products or services or as part of the nature of our relationship with you, where we have previously informed or been authorised by you, in connection with our efforts to reduce fraud or criminal activity, or as permitted by law.
Openness and Data Access
: If you ask, we will inform you about how your personal data is processed and the rights and remedies you have under these Principles. You may inquire as to the nature of the personal data stored or processed about you by American Express. You will be provided access as is required by law in your country, regardless of the location of the data processing and storage. If any data is inaccurate or incomplete, you may request that the data be amended.
International Transfer
: Where it is not apparent from the international products or services you require or the nature of your relationship with us, we will inform you if your personal data may be transferred outside of your country and ensure that such transfer is only performed in accordance with applicable law. Regardless of where your personal data is transferred, your personal data is protected by these Principles.
Responsibility
: Each company in the American Express Group and their employees may only process your personal data in accordance with these Principles. We conduct training and reviews of our compliance with these Principles. Employees who violate these Principles may be subject to disciplinary action, up to and including dismissal. Employees are expected to report violation of these Principles, and may do so to their managers, to their business unit's compliance officer, to the legal department, to the Privacy Office or to the company's Office of the Ombudsperson.
Accountability
: You may enforce these Principles in your country against any company in the American Express Group that is responsible for your personal data, as a third party contractual beneficiary to these Principles. If you have a complaint that we have breached these Principles and have attempted in good faith to resolve the complaint through our customer service process, but the complaint was not resolved by us within a reasonable amount of time, then you may enforce these Principles against us. If you complain to your local data protection authority and the data protection authority finds that we have breached these Principles, we will abide by the findings of the data protection authority, but we reserve the right to challenge or appeal such findings. These Principles do not affect any rights you have under applicable law, the requirements of any applicable regulatory data protection authority, or any other type of agreement that you may have with us.
These Principles emphasize our commitment to protect your personal data. They are binding on all companies in the American Express Group, demonstrating our commitment to privacy. In addition, each company in the American Express Group that holds personal data may maintain its own additional rules and practices for particular products or services, consistent with these Principles.
If you have questions or comments about the Principles, please contact us using the number on the back of your card.
American Express
More Features, Benefits and Information
Payment Guide
Membership Rewards
®
Safekey
Insurance
Mobile App
Contactless
AMERICAN EXPRESS
Website Rules and Regulations
|
FX ECB Comparison
|
Site map
|
Online Privacy Policy
|
Cookies Policy
Copyright © 2023
American Express Company
​
​