Privacy Policy
Last updated: 1 September 2024
Sevelina Games respects the privacy rights of our online visitors and mobile app customers.
Sevelina  games collect no personal data except the data which is performed by the following platforms:
«AppLovin»  (
Privacy Policy
)
«Google Admob» (
Privacy Policy
)
«Unity Ads» (
Privacy Policy
)
Sevelina games show ads which are COPPA-compliant, GDPR-compliant  and suitable for general audiences
Data Access
Sevelina games don not store your personal data such as email or phone number or any other personal details. Sevelina games focused on offering the best fun to users and not involved in to using this data for marketing purpose or do anything like selling or sharing it anybody else.
Analytics
Analytics companies like Google or Unity may access anonymous data (such as your IP address or device ID) for performance report purpose and share it with us in aggregate form but this data is not shared as to anybody else.
Proprietary Rights of the Games
All published games under SEVELINA bar are created by SEVELINA, with all proprietary rights. Any part of this website or a game cannot be used without owner permission.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.applovin.com/privacy/:
Products
Axon
AI-powered recommendation engine
AppDiscovery
Acquire your ideal users
MAX
Monetize your app
SparkLabs
Create ads that perform
AppLovin Exchange
Reach your audience
Array
Increase value across customer’s lifecycle
Adjust
Measure your marketing
Wurl
Our streaming TV solution
Solutions
Increase ARPDAU
Grow Ad Inventory
Acquire App Users
Increase IAPs
Resources
Success Stories
Blog
Video Library
Guides and Reports
Glossary
Events
View all resources
More about us
Partners
Jobs
NEW
Press
About Us
Sign Up
Sign In
ENG
中文
日本語
한국어
Privacy Policy
Overview
Policies
Privacy Policy
隐私政策
Datenschutzerklärung
プライバシーポリシー
개인정보 보호 정책
Política de Privacidade
Politique de confidentialité
AppLovin Partners
AppLovin Policies for Publishers
AppLovin Policies for Demand Partners
AppLovin Array Privacy Policy
Terms
Terms of Use
使用协议条款
Vereinbarung über die Nutzungsbedingungen
利用規約
이용 약관 계약
Contrato de Termos de Uso
Accord sur les Conditions d’utilisation
DMCA Notice
End User License Agreement — Software
AppLovin Array Terms of Service
APPLOVIN PLATFORM DATA PROCESSING AGREEMENT
AppLovin Demand Partner Data Processing Agreement
Effective Date
: October 30, 2024
You can find the prior version
here
.
AppLovin Corporation (“we,” “us,” “our,” or “AppLovin”) operates a suite of tools for app developers and other businesses to automate and optimize the marketing and monetization of their platforms, products, or services by enabling the placement of different types of advertisements on digital properties including mobile apps, websites, and connected TV devices (collectively, the “Advertising Services” or “Services”).  As explained below, consumers interact with us in a few ways, primarily through advertisements served by AppLovin on behalf of advertisers.
The AppLovin Privacy Policy (this “Privacy Policy”) explains how we collect, use, and share information through our Services and advertising platform, and our corporate website at www.applovin.com (the “Website”), as well as your choices related to that information.
Contents
Our Advertising Services
Our Website
Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
Policy Changes
Contact Us
Our Advertising Services
This section describes the information we collect, use, and share through our Advertising Services.
General Information Collection and Use
If you are a consumer who downloads and uses an application which contains the AppLovin SDK or otherwise interacts with the Services through advertisements served within a digital property, we may collect certain information, including the following:
Device, App, and Browser Data
Device make, model, and operating system;
Device properties related to screen size, orientation, audio, battery, device memory usage, settings, and boot time;
Device settings related to accessibility features, font size, and theme;
Carrier;
Name and properties of mobile application through which a consumer interacts with the Services;
Country, time zone, and locale settings (country and preferred language);
Network connection type and speed;
IP Address;
Internet browser user-agent used to access the Services;
HTTP header information;
Advertising IDs (IDFA/GAID/Amazon FOSAID);
Vendor IDs (IDFV);
App Set IDs; and
Advertising and tracking preferences and restrictions.
Application publishers may choose to share with us additional information including your age or year of birth, gender, email, phone number, and interest segments for purposes of their own direct ad serving.  We do not retain this data or pass it downstream to advertising partners.  Please see the applicable publisher’s privacy policy for more information about their use of first party data.
Advertisers (through the advertiser itself or through a third party service provider on behalf of such advertiser) may also share transactional or “event” data related to a consumer’s interaction with an application, such as information about the actions taken in an application like purchases or application installations.
Information Collection and Use Specific
to
e-Commerce Ads Only
If you are a consumer who interacts with the Services through an e-commerce platform or a merchant website, we may collect certain additional information (that you provided to the e-commerce platform or merchant, through a third party’s API, our SDK, pixel, or other similar technologies), including the following:
User IDs;
Shopping browsing behavior (e.g., views) and search history;
Records of products purchased or considered (e.g., added to cart, check out);
Purchasing histories; and
Information regarding user interactions with advertising partners and their merchant partners’ sites and advertisements.
How We Collect Your Information
This information may be collected automatically across mobile apps and devices or received from third-parties across different technologies over time. We may also combine information we collect with other information we derive through analytical techniques, and we will use that combined information to offer the Services.
How We Use Your Information
We generally use the information we collect to:
Deliver the Services, maintain, and improve them, including our AI-powered advertising technology, and research and develop new ones;
Promote safety, security, and integrity of Services;
Provide measurement, analytics, and reporting; and
Comply with legal and regulatory obligations.
We use AI-powered advertising technology (sometimes referred to as “automated decision-making”) to help us improve our advertising products and Services and serve ads that are relevant and interesting to you. We use it in ways that do not produce legal or similarly significant effects on you (for example, by reordering how advertisements might appear when you visit a digital property such as a mobile app or a website).
Information Sharing
We may share information we collect or derive with third parties in the following contexts:
Service Providers.
We transfer information to service providers, and other partners who support our business, such as providing technical infrastructure services, analyzing how our Services are used, measuring the effectiveness of ads and services, providing customer service, or facilitating payments. These partners must adhere to strict confidentiality obligations in a way that is consistent with this Privacy Policy and the agreements we enter into with them.
Affiliates.
We may share information within the AppLovin family of companies for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Advertising Partners.
We share information with our third-party advertising partners, including advertisers, ad networks, exchanges, demand side platforms, merchants, other advertising partners (who aggregate their own demand sources), and ad optimization and measurement/attribution partners (e.g., mobile measurement partners or “MMPs”) to provide our clients with Advertising Services. This information may be used by such third-party partners to measure how effective ads are, show advertisements to end users for products and services that are more likely to appeal to them (a practice known as interest-based advertising or behavioral advertising), and to undertake web analytics to analyze traffic and other ad activity to improve the advertising experience.
Unless otherwise noted in our partner list, each AppLovin advertising partner is an independent controller of your data. You can view a list of AppLovin advertising partners with whom we share your data
here
, current as of the date listed at the top of that page.
If you do not want to receive interest-based advertisements, please see the
“Manage Your Privacy Choices”
section below. If you are located in the European Union, UK, or Switzerland, you may also see the
“Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals”
section below for more options. If you are an individual resident of the U.S. states that have enacted comprehensive consumer privacy laws, you may also review the “
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
” section below for more options.
Please note that the practices of our third-party advertising partners delivering advertisements through our Services are subject to those partners’ own privacy policies.
Regulatory or Legal Requirements.
We may disclose information to governmental regulatory authorities as required by law, including for tax or accounting purposes, in response to their requests for such information or to assist in investigations. We may also disclose personal information to third parties in connection with claims, disputes, or litigation, when otherwise required by law or court order.
Safety and Terms Enforcement.
We may disclose information if we determine, in our sole discretion, that its disclosure is necessary to protect the health, safety, or rights of you or any other person, protect against fraud, or enforce our legal rights, including contractual commitments made to us by third parties.
Business Transfers.
We may disclose personal information as part of an organizational business transaction, such as a merger, acquisition, joint venture, financing, or sale of organizational assets and may transfer personal information to a third party as one of the business assets in such a transaction. We may also disclose personal information in the event of insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership.
Manage Your Privacy Choices:
To limit collection of information from mobile devices, please visit your device’s settings to set the “Limit Ad Track” or other similar features on your device. Additionally, you may opt-out of interest-based advertising within ads served by AppLovin. For detailed instructions, see
How AppLovin Shows You Ads
. You can also make choices about data collection for certain companies by visiting an industry consumer choice platform such as the NAI (
https://optout.networkadvertising.org/
) or DAA (
https://optout.aboutads.info/
).  You may still receive ads after limiting processing of information for interest-based advertising, but those ads may be less relevant to your interests.
To see or manage the data collected by AppLovin from your device, you may download the AppLovin Privacy Management Application from the Apple or Google Play Stores:
By navigating through the tabs in the AppLovin Privacy Management Application, you can erase the personal information that AppLovin may have collected about you or request a copy of that personal information.
Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect personal information from, or serve advertisements to, children as defined and required by applicable laws. If you believe we have served an advertisement to a child or might have any personal information from or about a child, or if you believe a mobile application in which an AppLovin-served advertisement appeared may be designed for, directed to, or pass personal information knowingly from, children in violation of our policies, please contact us via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Data Security and Retention
We implement reasonable measures to help secure the information we collect through the Services. We retain the data we collect through the Services for up to 2 years. Information is automatically purged from our system if the Services do not receive any updated information for a device in the last 2 years. Note that we will retain information in our systems for as long as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
[END OF ADVERTISING SERVICES-SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
Our Website
This section describes the information we collect, use, and share through our Website.
Cookies and Other Similar Technology
The Website uses cookies, web beacons, or other similar technology to collect information for various purposes, including interest-based advertising. This information may include your IP address, device identifier, browser type, device type, the date and time of your visit, and the areas of the Website you visit. To learn more about and manage the cookies on this Website, please click “Cookie Settings” in our Website footer. You may also be able to limit the use of cookies through your browser settings. Note that certain parts of the Website may not function properly without cookies. Additionally, you may still receive ads after limiting processing of information for interest-based advertising, but those ads may be less relevant to your interests. If you erase your cookies, reset your device identifier, or use different browsers or devices, you may need to make your choices again.
We partner with Google Analytics to learn more about how you use our Website. For more information about how Google Analytics works you can visit
here
. To opt-out of Google Analytics, you can visit
here
and follow the instructions.
Additional Information Collection for Business Account Owners
When you register with AppLovin to use our Services, you may provide us with personal information such as your name, email address, phone number, mailing address, user name, and password. You may also provide us with payment information when you submit or receive a payment, or other information when you complete the online forms available on the Website. We may also acquire information from other trusted sources to update or supplement the information that you voluntarily provide to us or that we collect automatically.
How We Use Your Information
We may use the information we collect or you provide to us through the Website for various purposes, including:
To communicate with you, for example through newsletters or with other information about our products and services;
To operate and improve the Website and our Services;
To customize the Website;
For analytics and research;
For marketing purposes; and
For purposes disclosed at the time of collection.
Information Sharing
We may share information we collect through the Website in the following contexts:
With your consent;
For advertising and marketing purposes;
In response to a subpoena, court order, or other legal process;
To protect our rights and the rights of others;
With our affiliates;
With service providers that help us operate the Website and Services;
As part of a sale, merger, or acquisition, including at bankruptcy; and
For purposes disclosed at the time of collection.
Links to Other Websites
The Website may provide links to other websites or other digital properties that we do not control. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of those digital properties that you may visit.
Updating Information
You can update the personal information you provide to us by correcting, updating, or deleting the information associated with you via your AppLovin account. To add, modify, remove, or request access to the personal information about you that we hold, please see the
“Contact Us”
section below.
Your Marketing Choices
If you no longer wish to receive marketing-related emails from us on a going-forward basis, you may opt out of receiving these emails by clicking “Unsubscribe” at the bottom of any marketing email you receive from us or by emailing us at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Children
Our Website is not intended for use by children as defined and required by applicable law. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children through the Website. If you believe we might have any personal information from or about a child, please contact us via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Data Security and Retention
We have implemented reasonable physical, technical, and administrative security measures for the Website to help protect information we collect and store.
For detailed information regarding retention associated with cookies on the applovin.com domain, please click “Cookie Settings” in our Website footer to learn more.
We retain other information such as customer contact and payment information in our systems for as long as necessary as permitted by law to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
[END OF WEBSITE-SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals
If you are located in the European Union, United Kingdom, or Switzerland, the following additional provisions apply to you.
Data Privacy Framework
AppLovin complies with the EU-U.S Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.
AppLovin has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.  AppLovin has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
If you are an EU, UK, or Swiss individual, where we transfer your personal data to third party servicer providers (see above) who perform services for us or on our behalf, we are responsible for the processing of that data by them and shall remain liable if they process your personal data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Data Privacy Framework, AppLovin is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, AppLovin may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, AppLovin commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information. EU, UK, and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact AppLovin at
dataprotection@applovin.com
. AppLovin refers unresolved complaints to TRUSTe, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.  If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
for more information or to file a complaint.  These dispute resolution services are provided at no cost to you.
For complaints regarding DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms, you have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration. Further information can be found on the official DPF website.
Lawful Basis for Processing
On certain occasions, we process your personal data when it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party, such as to provide services to you. We may also process your personal data to respond to your inquiries concerning our products and services.
On other occasions, we process your personal data where required by law. We may also process your personal data if necessary to protect your interests or the interests of a third party.
Additionally, we process your personal data when necessary to do so for fraud prevention, improving our network and services, and marketing our services to advertisers and publishers, where these interests are not overridden by your data protection rights.
If the processing of your personal data is necessary, we will generally ensure that consent has been obtained from you if there is no other lawful basis for such processing. You have the right to withdraw your consent to processing of personal data at any time.
If personal data covered by this Privacy Policy is to be used for a new purpose that is materially different from that for which the personal data was originally collected or subsequently authorized, or is to be disclosed to a non-agent third party in a manner not specified in this Privacy Policy, we will provide you with an opportunity to choose whether to have your personal data so used or disclosed. Requests to opt out of such uses or disclosures of personal data should be sent to us as specified in the “Contact” section below. Certain personal data, such as information about medical or health conditions, racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, is considered “Sensitive Information”. AppLovin does not collect or seek to elicit “Sensitive Information”.
For questions about data processing, please contact our Data Protection Officer. Visit the “Contact” section below for contact information.
Your Rights
If you are an individual in the EU, UK, or Switzerland, you are able:
To request access to the personal data we hold about you;
To request that we rectify or erase your personal data;
To request that we restrict or block the processing of your personal data;
Under certain circumstances, to receive personal data about you that we store and transmit to another without hindrance from us, including requesting that we provide your personal data directly to another, i.e., a right to data portability; and
Where we previously obtained your consent, to withdraw consent to processing your personal data.
To exercise these rights, please contact us at the email address set forth in the
“Contact Us”
section below.  Our Data Protection Officer can also be reached at this email address.  Please be aware that we may be unable to afford these rights to you under certain circumstances, such as if we are legally prevented from doing so.
In certain circumstances, you may appoint an authorized agent to exercise any rights that you may have on your behalf.  If you choose to exercise any rights through an authorized agent, you will need to verify your identity directly with us before we can process any requests.  In addition, we will need written documentation demonstrating the authorized agent’s authority to act on your behalf.
Additionally, you have the right to lodge a complaint against us. To do so, contact the supervisory authority in your country of residence.
EU and UK Privacy Representatives
We have appointed
Prighter Group
as our privacy representatives in the EU and UK.  You can contact us through our privacy representatives at the following addresses:
For residents of the EU
:
PrighterGDPR-Rep by Maetzler Rechtsanwalts GmbH & Co KG
c/o AppLovin Corporation
Kriegerstraße 44
30161 Hannover
Germany
For residents of the UK
:
PrighterUK-Rep by Prighter Ltd.
c/o AppLovin Corporation
20 Mortlake Mortlake High Street
London, SW14 8JN
United Kingdom
Additional information regarding our privacy representatives can be found at the following link:
https://prighter.com/q/19826057144
.
[END OF EU/UK/SWISS SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
Additional provisions for individual residents of the U.S. states that have enacted comprehensive consumer privacy laws are included in our
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
, which explains how those residents may exercise their privacy rights.
Policy Changes
We may, in our sole discretion, make changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time in order to accommodate new technologies, industry practices, regulatory requirements, or for other purposes. If we make any changes, we will update the “Effective Date” posted at the top of this Privacy Policy. If we make any material changes, we may notify you by email (sent to the email address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on the Website prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically to ensure that you understand how we collect, use, and share information.
Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when the revised Privacy Policy is posted on the Website. By continuing to use the Website or Advertising Services following such changes, you are agreeing to accept the terms of the revised Privacy Policy.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please write to us at:
Data Protection Officer
AppLovin Corporation
1100 Page Mill Road
Palo Alto, CA 94304
You can also contact us or our Data Protection Officer via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Please be sure to include your relevant account information in any correspondence to us.  This will help ensure that we can respond to your inquiry in a timely manner.
If you have a customer care issue, please visit
AppLovin Support
.
Sub-policy 1
https://privacy.google.com/businesses/controllerterms/:
business.safety.google uses cookies from Google to deliver and enhance the quality of its services and to analyze traffic.
Learn more
.
OK, got it
Google Ads Controller-Controller Data Protection Terms
Google and the counterparty agreeing to these terms (“
Customer
“) have entered into an agreement for the provision of the Controller Services (as amended from time to time, the “
Agreement
”).
These Google Ads Controller-Controller Data Protection Terms (including the appendix, “
Controller Terms
”) are entered into by Google and Customer and supplement the Agreement. These Controller Terms will be effective, and replace any previously applicable terms relating to their subject matter, from the Terms Effective Date.
If you are accepting these Controller Terms on behalf of Customer, you warrant that: (a) you have full legal authority to bind Customer to these Controller Terms; (b) you have read and understand these Controller Terms; and (c) you agree, on behalf of Customer, to these Controller Terms. If you do not have the legal authority to bind Customer, please do not accept these Controller Terms.
1.
Introduction
These Controller Terms reflect the parties’ agreement on the processing of Controller Personal Data.
2.
Definitions and Interpretation
2.1
In these Controller Terms:
“
Additional Terms
” means the additional terms referred to in Appendix 1, which reflect the parties’ agreement on the terms governing the processing of Controller Personal Data in connection with certain Applicable Data Protection Legislation.
“
Affiliate
” means an entity that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, a party.
“
Applicable Data Protection Legislation
” means, as applicable to the processing of Controller Personal Data, any national, federal, EU, state, provincial or other privacy, data security or data protection law or regulation, including European Data Protection Legislation, the LGPD and US
                  State Privacy Laws.
“
Controller Data Subject
” means a data subject to whom Controller Personal Data relates.
“
Controller Personal Data
” means personal data that is processed by a party under the Agreement in connection with its provision or use (as applicable) of the Controller Services.
“
Controller Services
” means the applicable services listed at
business.safety.google/adsservices
.
“
End Controller
” means, for each party, the ultimate controller of Controller Personal Data.
“
EU GDPR
” means Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC.
“
European Data Protection Legislation
” means, as applicable: (a) the GDPR; and/or (b) the Swiss FDPA.
“
GDPR
” means, as applicable: (a) the EU GDPR; and/or (b) the UK GDPR.
“
Google
” means the Google Entity that is party to the Agreement.
“
Google Entity
” means Google LLC, Google Ireland Limited or any other Affiliate of Google LLC.
“
LGPD
” means the Brazilian General Data Protection Law (Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais).
“
Swiss FDPA
” means, as applicable, the Federal Data Protection Act of 19 June 1992 (Switzerland) (with the Ordinance to the Federal Data Protection Act of 14 June 1993), or the revised Federal Data Protection Act of 25 September 2020 (with the Ordinance to the Federal Data Protection Act of 31 August 2022).
“
Terms Effective Date
” means the date on which Customer clicked to accept or the parties otherwise agreed to these Controller Terms.
“
UK GDPR
” means the EU GDPR as amended and incorporated into UK law under the UK European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, and applicable secondary legislation made under that Act.
“
US State Privacy Laws
” has the meaning found at
business.safety.google/usdataprotectionlaws
.
2.2
The terms “
controller
”, “
data subject
”, “
personal data
”, “
processing
” and “
processor
” as used in these Controller Terms have the meanings given by either (a) Applicable Data Protection Legislation; or (b) absent any such meaning
                  or law, the GDPR.
2.3
The words “
include
” and “
including
” mean “including but not limited to”. Any examples in these Controller Terms are illustrative and not the sole examples of a particular concept.
2.4
Any reference to a legal framework, statute or other legislative enactment is a reference to it as amended or re-enacted from time to time.
2.5
To the extent any translated version of these Controller Terms is inconsistent with the English version, the English version will govern.
3.
Application of these Controller Terms
3.1
General
. These Controller Terms will only apply to the Controller Services for which the parties agreed to these Controller Terms, for example: (a) the Controller Services for which Customer clicked to accept these Controller Terms; or (b) if the Agreement incorporates these Controller Terms by reference, the Controller Services that are the subject of the Agreement.
3.2
Incorporation of Additional Terms
. The Additional Terms supplement these Controller Terms.
4.
Roles and Restrictions on Processing
4.1
Independent Controllers
. Subject to Section 4.3 (End Controllers), each party:
(a)
is an independent controller of Controller Personal Data;
(b)
will individually determine the purposes and means of its processing of Controller Personal Data; and
(c)
will comply with the obligations applicable to it under the Applicable Data Protection Legislation regarding the processing of Controller Personal Data.
4.2
Restrictions on Processing
. Section 4.1 (Independent Controllers) will not affect any restrictions on either party’s rights to use or otherwise process Controller Personal Data under the Agreement.
4.3
End Controllers
. Without reducing either party’s obligations under these Controller Terms, each party acknowledges that: (a) the other party’s Affiliates or clients may be End Controllers; and (b) the other party may act as a processor on behalf of its End Controllers. Each party will ensure that its End Controllers comply with the Controller Terms.
4.4
Transparency
. Customer acknowledges Google has published information about
                  how Google uses information from sites, apps or other properties that use its services at
https://business.safety.google/privacy/
. Without prejudice to its obligations under Section 4.1(c), Customer may link to that page to provide Controller Data Subjects with
                  information about Google's processing of Controller Personal Data.
5.
Liability
If the Agreement is governed by the laws of:
(a)
a state of the United States of America, then, regardless of anything else in the Agreement, the total liability of either party towards the other party under or in connection with these Controller Terms will be limited to the maximum monetary or payment-based amount at which that party’s liability is capped under the Agreement (and therefore, any exclusion of indemnification claims from the Agreement’s limitation of liability will not apply to indemnification claims under the Agreement relating to the Applicable Data Protection Legislation); or
(b)
a jurisdiction that is not a state of the United States of America, then the liability of the parties under or in connection with these Controller Terms will be subject to the exclusions and limitations of liability in the Agreement.
6.
Effect of Controller Terms
6.1
Order of Precedence
. If there is any conflict or inconsistency between the Additional Terms, the remainder of these Controller Terms and/or the remainder of the Agreement then, subject to Sections 4.2 (Restrictions on Processing) and 6.2 (No Effect on Processor Terms), the following order of precedence will apply:
(a)
the Additional Terms (if applicable);
(b)
the remainder of these Controller Terms; and
(c)
the remainder of the Agreement.
6.2
No Effect on Processor Terms
. These Controller Terms will not affect any separate terms between Google and Customer reflecting a controller-processor, processor-processor or processor-controller relationship for a service other than the Controller Services.
7.
Changes to these Controller Terms
7.1
Changes to URLs
. From time to time, Google may change any URL referenced in these Controller Terms and the content at any such URL, except that Google may only change the list of potential Controller Services at
business.safety.google/adsservices
:
(a)
to reflect a change to the name of a service;
(b)
to add a new service; or
(c)
to remove a service (or a feature of a service) where either: (i) all contracts for the provision of that service are terminated; (ii) Google has Customer’s consent; or (iii) the service, or a certain feature of the service, has been recategorised as a processor service.
7.2
Changes to Controller Terms
. Google may change these Controller Terms if the change:
(a)
is as described in Section 7.1 (Changes to URLs);
(b)
reflects a change in the name or form of a legal entity;
(c)
is required to comply with applicable law, applicable regulation, a court order or guidance issued by a governmental regulator or agency, or reflects Google’s adoption of an Alternative Transfer Solution (as defined in Appendix 1A); or
(d)
does not otherwise: (i) seek to alter the categorisation of the parties as controllers of Controller Personal Data under Applicable Data Protection Legislation; (ii) expand the scope of, or remove any restrictions on, either party’s rights to use or otherwise process (x) in the case of the Additional Terms, the data in scope of the Additional Terms or (y) in the case of the remainder of these Controller Terms, Controller Personal Data; or (iii) have a material adverse impact on Customer, as reasonably determined by Google.
7.3
Notification of Changes
. If Google intends to change these Controller Terms under Section 7.2(c) and such change will have a material adverse impact on Customer, as reasonably determined by Google, then Google will use commercially reasonable efforts to inform Customer at least 30 days (or such shorter period as may be required to comply with applicable law, applicable regulation, a court order or guidance issued by a governmental regulator or agency) before the change will take effect. If Customer objects to any such change, Customer may terminate the Agreement by giving written notice to Google within 90 days of being informed by Google of the change.
Appendix 1: Additional Terms for Applicable Data Protection Legislation
PART A - ADDITIONAL TERMS FOR EUROPEAN DATA PROTECTION LEGISLATION
1.
Introduction
This Appendix 1A will only apply to the extent that the European Data Protection Legislation applies to the
                  processing of Controller Personal Data.
2.
Definitions
2.1
In this Appendix 1A:
“
Adequate Country
” means:
(a)
for data processed subject to the EU GDPR: the EEA, or a country or territory
                      recognized as ensuring adequate data protection under the EU GDPR;
(b)
for data processed subject to the UK GDPR: the UK, or a country or territory recognized
                      as ensuring adequate protection under the UK GDPR and the Data Protection Act 2018; and/or
(c)
for data processed subject to the Swiss FDPA: Switzerland, or a country or territory
                      that is: (i) included in the list of the states whose legislation ensures adequate protection as
                      published by the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner, or (ii) recognized as
                      ensuring adequate protection by the Swiss Federal Council under the Swiss FDPA,
in each case, other than on the basis of an optional data protection framework.
“
Alternative Transfer Solution
” means a solution, other than the Controller SCCs, that
                    enables the lawful transfer of personal data to a third country in accordance with the European Data
                    Protection Legislation, for example a data protection framework recognized as ensuring that participating
                    entities provide adequate protection.
“
Controller SCCs
” means the terms at
business.safety.google/adscontrollerterms/sccs/c2c
.
“
EEA
” means the European Economic Area.
“
European Controller Personal Data
” means Controller Personal Data of Controller Data
                    Subjects located in the EEA or Switzerland.
“
European Laws
” means, as applicable: (a) EU or EU Member State law (if the EU GDPR applies
                    to the processing of Controller Personal Data); (b) the law of the UK or a part of the UK (if the UK GDPR
                    applies to the processing of Controller Personal Data); and (c) the law of Switzerland (if the Swiss FDPA
                    applies to the processing of Controller Personal Data).
“
Google End Controllers
” means the End Controllers of Controller Personal Data processed by
                    Google.
“
Permitted European Transfers
” means the processing of Controller Personal Data in, or the
                    transfer of Controller Personal Data to, an Adequate Country.
“
Restricted European Transfer(s)
” means transfer(s) of Controller Personal Data that are:
                    (a) subject to the European Data Protection Legislation; and (b) not Permitted European Transfers.
“
UK Controller Personal Data
” means Controller Personal Data of Controller Data Subjects
                    located in the UK.
2.2
The terms “
data importer
” and “
data exporter
” have the
                    meanings given in the Controller SCCs.
3.
Google End Controllers
The Google End Controllers are: (i) for European Controller Personal Data processed by Google, Google Ireland
                  Limited; and (ii) for UK Controller Personal Data processed by Google, Google LLC. Each party will ensure that
                  its End Controllers comply with the Controller SCCs, where applicable.
4.
Data Transfers
4.1
Restricted European Transfers.
Either party may make Restricted European
                    Transfers if it complies with the provisions on Restricted European Transfers in the European Data
                    Protection Legislation.
4.2
Alternative Transfer Solution.
(a)
If Google has adopted an Alternative Transfer Solution for any Restricted European
                      Transfers, then: (i) Google will ensure that such Restricted European Transfers are made in accordance
                      with that Alternative Transfer Solution; and (ii) paragraph 5 (Controller SCCs) of this Appendix 1A will
                      not apply to such Restricted European Transfers.
(b)
If Google has not adopted, or informs Customer that Google is no longer adopting, an
                      Alternative Transfer Solution for any Restricted European Transfers, then paragraph 5 (Controller SCCs)
                      of this Appendix 1A will apply to such Restricted European Transfers.
4.3
Onward Transfer Provisions.
(a)
Application of Paragraph 4.3.
Paragraphs 4.3(b) (Use of Data Provider
                      Personal Data) and 4.3(c) (Protection of Data Provider Personal Data) of this Appendix 1A will only
                      apply to the extent that:
(i)
a party (the “
Data Recipient
”) processes Controller Personal Data
                        that is made available by the other party (the “
Data Provider
”) in connection with
                        the Agreement (such Controller Personal Data, “
Data Provider Personal Data
”);
(ii)
the Data Provider or its Affiliate is certified under an Alternative Transfer
                        Solution; and
(iii)
the Data Provider notifies the Data Recipient of such Alternative Transfer
                        Solution certification in writing.
(b)
Use of Data Provider Personal Data.
(i)
To the extent that an applicable Alternative Transfer Solution includes an onward
                        transfer principle, then pursuant to such onward transfer principle under the relevant Alternative
                        Transfer Solution, the Data Recipient will only use Data Provider Personal Data in a manner
                        consistent with the consent provided by the relevant Controller Data Subjects.
(ii)
To the extent the Data Provider fails to obtain consent from the relevant
                        Controller Data Subjects as required under the Agreement, the Data Recipient will not be in breach
                        of paragraph 4.3(b)(i) if it uses Data Provider Personal Data consistent with the required consent.
(c)
Protection of Data Provider Personal Data.
(i)
The Data Recipient will provide a level of protection for Data Provider Personal
                        Data that is at least equivalent to that required under the applicable Alternative Transfer
                        Solution.
(ii)
If the Data Recipient determines that it cannot comply with paragraph 4.3(c)(i), it
                        will: (A) notify the Data Provider in writing; and (B) either cease processing the Data Provider
                        Personal Data or take reasonable and appropriate steps to remedy such non-compliance.
(d)
Alternative Transfer Solution Adoption and Certification.
Information
                      about Google and/or its Affiliates’ adoption of, or certification under, any Alternative Transfer
                      Solutions can be found at
https://business.safety.google/adsdatatransfers
. This paragraph 4.3(d) constitutes notice in writing of Google and or its Affiliates’ current certifications as at the Terms Effective Date for the purpose of paragraph 4.3(a)(iii).
5.
Controller SCCs
5.1
Transfers of European Controller Personal Data to Customer.
To the extent
                    that:
(a)
Google transfers European Controller Personal Data to Customer; and
(b)
the transfer is a Restricted European Transfer, Customer as data importer will be deemed
                      to have entered into the Controller SCCs with Google Ireland Limited (the applicable Google End
                      Controller) as data exporter and the transfers will be subject to the Controller SCCs.
5.2
Transfers of UK Controller Personal Data to Customer
. To the extent that:
(a)
Google transfers UK Controller Personal Data to Customer; and
(b)
the transfer is a Restricted European Transfer,
                      Customer as data importer will be deemed to have entered into the Controller SCCs with Google LLC (the
                      applicable Google End Controller) as data exporter and the transfers will be subject to the Controller
                      SCCs.
5.3
Transfers of European Controller Personal Data to Google
. The parties
                    acknowledge that to the extent Customer transfers European Controller Personal Data to Google, the
                    Controller SCCs are not required because the address of Google Ireland Limited (the applicable Google End
                    Controller) is in an Adequate Country and such transfers are Permitted European Transfers. This does not
                    affect Google’s obligations under paragraph 4.1 (Restricted European Transfers) of this Appendix 1A.
5.4
Transfers of UK Controller Personal Data to Google.
To the extent that
                    Customer transfers UK Controller Personal Data to Google, Customer as data exporter will be deemed to have
                    entered into the Controller SCCs with Google LLC (the applicable Google End Controller) as data importer and
                    the transfers will be subject to the Controller SCCs, because Google LLC’s address is not in an Adequate
                    Country.
5.5
Contacting Google; Customer Information
.
(a)
Customer may contact Google Ireland Limited and/or Google LLC in connection with the
                      Controller SCCs at
https://support.google.com/policies/troubleshooter/9009584
or through
                      such other means as may be provided by Google from time to time.
(b)
Customer acknowledges that Google is required under the Controller SCCs to record
                      certain information, including (i) the identity and contact details of the data importer (including any
                      contact person with responsibility for data protection); and (ii) the technical and organisational
                      measures implemented by the data importer. Accordingly, Customer will, where requested and as applicable
                      to Customer, provide such information to Google via such means as may be provided by Google, and will
                      ensure that all information provided is kept accurate and up-to-date.
5.6
Responding to Data Subject Enquiries
. The applicable data importer will be
                    responsible for responding to enquiries from data subjects and the supervisory authority concerning the
                    processing of applicable Controller Personal Data by the data importer.
5.7
Data Deletion on Termination
. To the extent that:
(a)
Google LLC acts as data importer and Customer acts as data exporter under the Controller
                      SCCs; and
(b)
Customer terminates the Agreement in accordance with Clause 16(c) of the Controller
                      SCCs, then for the purposes of Clause 16(d) of the Controller SCCs, Customer directs Google to delete
                      Controller Personal Data, and, unless European Laws require storage, Google will facilitate such
                      deletion as soon as is reasonably practicable, to the extent such deletion is reasonably possible
                      (taking into account that Google is an independent Controller of such data, as well as the nature and
                      functionality of the Controller Services).
6.
Liability if Controller SCCs Apply.
If Controller SCCs apply under paragraph 5 (Controller SCCs) of this Appendix 1A, then the total combined
                  liability of:
(a)
Google, Google LLC and Google Ireland Limited towards Customer; and
(b)
Customer towards Google, Google LLC and Google Ireland Limited,
                    under or in connection with the Agreement and the Controller SCCs combined will be subject to Section 5
                    (Liability). Clause 12 of the Controller SCCs will not affect the previous sentence.
7.
Third-Party Beneficiaries
Where Google LLC and/or Google Ireland Limited are not a party to the Agreement but are a party to the
                  applicable Controller SCCs in accordance with paragraph 5 (Controller SCCs) of this Appendix 1A, Google LLC
                  and/or Google Ireland Limited (as applicable) will be a third-party beneficiary of Section 4.3 (End Controllers)
                  and paragraphs 3 (Google End Controllers), 5 (Controller SCCs) and 6 (Liability if Controller SCCs Apply) of
                  this Appendix 1A. To the extent this paragraph 7 (Third-Party Beneficiaries) conflicts or is inconsistent with
                  any other clause in the Agreement, this paragraph 7 (Third-Party Beneficiaries) will apply.
8.
Precedence
8.1
If there is any conflict or inconsistency between the Controller SCCs, this Appendix 1A, the
                    remainder of these Controller Terms and/or the remainder of the Agreement, then the Controller SCCs will
                    prevail.
8.2
Additional Commercial Clauses
. Subject to the amendments in these
                    Controller Terms, the Agreement remains in full force and effect. Paragraphs 5.5 (Contacting Google) to 5.7
                    (Data Deletion on Termination), and paragraph 6 (Liability if Controller SCCs Apply) of this Appendix 1A are
                    additional commercial clauses relating to the Controller SCCs as permitted by Clause 2(a) (Effect and
                    invariability of the Clauses) of the Controller SCCs.
8.3
No Modification of Controller SCCs
. Nothing in the Agreement (including
                    these Controller Terms) is intended to modify or contradict any Controller SCCs or prejudice the fundamental
                    rights or freedoms of data subjects under the European Data Protection Legislation.
PART B - ADDITIONAL TERMS FOR US STATE PRIVACY LAWS
1.
Introduction
Google may offer and Customer may enable certain in-product settings, configurations or other functionality for
                  the Controller Services relating to restricted data processing, as described in supporting documentation
                  available at
business.safety.google/rdp
, as updated from time to time (“
Restricted
                    Data Processing
”). This Appendix 1B reflects the parties’ agreement on the processing of Customer
                  Personal Data and Deidentified Data (as defined below) pursuant to the Agreement in connection with the US State
                  Privacy Laws, and is effective solely to the extent each US State Privacy Law applies.
2.
Additional Definitions and Interpretation.
In this Appendix 1B:
(a)
“
Customer Personal Data
” means personal data that is processed by Google on
                    behalf of Customer in Google’s provision of Controller Services.
(b)
“
Deidentified Data
” means data information that is “deidentified” (as that
                    term is defined by the CCPA) and “de-identified data” (as defined by other US State Privacy Laws), when
                    disclosed by one party to the other.
(c)
“
Instructions
” means, collectively, Customer’s instructions to Google to
                    process Customer Personal Data only in accordance with US State Privacy Laws: (a) to provide the RDP
                    Services and any related technical support; (b) as further specified through Customer’s use of the RDP
                    Services (including in the settings and other functionality of such RDP Services) and any related technical
                    support; (c) as documented in the form of the Agreement, including this Appendix 1B; (d) as further
                    documented in any other written instructions given by Customer and acknowledged by Google as constituting
                    instructions for purposes of this Appendix 1B; and (e) to process Customer Personal Data as permitted under
                    US State Privacy Laws for service providers and processors.
(d)
“
RDP Services
” means Controller Services operating under Restricted Data
                    Processing.
(e)
“
Term
” means the period from the Terms Effective Date until the end of Google’s provision of the Controller Services under the Agreement.
(f)
the terms “
business
”, “
consumer
”, “
personal
                      information
”, “
sale(s)
”, “
sell
”, “
service
                      provider
”, and “
share
” as used in this Appendix 1B have the meanings given in
                    the US State Privacy Laws.
(g)
Customer is solely liable for its compliance with each of the US State Privacy Laws in its
                    use of Google services, including Restricted Data Processing.
3.
US State Privacy Law Terms (under Restricted Data Processing).
With respect to Customer Personal Data processed under Restricted Data Processing, and to the extent that one or
                  more of the US State Privacy Laws applies to the processing of Customer Personal Data:
3.1
Processing of Data.
3.1.1
Roles and Regulatory Compliance; Authorization.
(a)
Processor and Controller Responsibilities.
The parties acknowledge
                        and agree that:
(i)
paragraph 7 (Subject Matter and Details of the Data Processing Under US State
                          Privacy Laws) of this Appendix 1B describes the subject matter and details of the processing of
                          Customer Personal Data;
(ii)
Google is a service provider and processor of Customer Personal Data under the
                          US State Privacy Laws;
(iii)
Customer is a controller or processor, as applicable, of Customer Personal
                          Data under the US State Privacy Laws; and
(b)
Processor Customers.
If Customer is a processor:
(i)
Customer warrants on an ongoing basis that the relevant controller has
                          authorized: (A) the Instructions, (B) Customer’s appointment of Google as another processor, and
                          (C) Google’s engagement of subcontractors as described in paragraph 3.6 (Subcontractors) of this
                          Appendix 1B;
(ii)
Customer will immediately forward to the relevant controller any notice
                          provided by Google under paragraphs 3.3.2(a) (Incident Notification) and 3.6 (Subcontractors);
                          and
(iii)
Customer may make available to the relevant controller any information made
                          available by Google under paragraphs 3.3.3(c) (Customer’s Audit Rights), and 3.6
                          (Subcontractors).
3.1.2
Customer’s Instructions.
By entering into this Appendix 1B, Customer
                      instructs Google to process Customer Personal Data only in accordance with the Instructions.
3.1.3
Google’s Compliance with Instructions.
Google will comply with the
                      Instructions unless prohibited under the US State Privacy Laws.
3.1.4
Additional Products.
If Customer uses any product, service or
                      application provided by Google or a third party that: (a) is not part of the RDP Services; and (b) is
                      accessible for use within the user interface of the RDP Services or is otherwise integrated with the RDP
                      Services (an “
Additional Product
”), the RDP Services may allow that Additional Product
                      to access Customer Personal Data as required for the interoperation of the Additional Product with the
                      RDP Services. For clarity, this Appendix 1B does not apply to the processing of personal data in
                      connection with the provision of any Additional Product used by Customer, including personal data
                      transmitted to or from that Additional Product.
3.2
Data Deletion on Term Expiry.
Customer instructs Google to delete all
                    remaining Customer Personal Data (including existing copies) from Google’s systems at the end of the Term in
                    accordance with applicable law. Google will comply with this instruction as soon as reasonably practicable
                    and within a maximum period of 180 days, unless applicable laws require storage.
3.3
Data Security.
3.3.1
Google’s Security Measures and Assistance.
(a)
Google’s Security Measures.
Google will implement and maintain
                        technical and organizational measures to protect Customer Personal Data against accidental or
                        unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access (“
Security
                          Measures
”). The Security Measures include measures: (i) to encrypt personal data; (ii)
                        to help ensure the ongoing confidentiality, integrity, availability and resilience of Google’s
                        systems and services; (iii) to help restore timely access to personal data following an incident;
                        and (iv) for regular testing of effectiveness. Google may update or modify the Security Measures
                        from time to time, provided that such updates and modifications do not result in the degradation of
                        the overall security of the Customer Personal Data.
(b)
Access and Compliance.
Google will ensure that all persons
                        authorized to process Customer Personal Data have committed themselves to confidentiality or are
                        under an appropriate statutory obligation of confidentiality.
(c)
Google’s Security Assistance.
Google will (taking into account the
                        nature of the processing of Customer Personal Data and the information available to Google) assist
                        Customer in meeting Customer’s (or, where Customer is a processor, the relevant controller’s)
                        obligations in respect of security of personal data and personal data breaches, including Customer’s
                        (or, where Customer is a processor, the relevant controller’s) obligations relating to security of
                        personal data and personal data breaches under the US State Privacy Laws, by:
(i)
implementing and maintaining the Security Measures in accordance with paragraph
                          3.3.1(a) (Google’s Security Measures);
(ii)
complying with the terms of paragraph 3.3.2 (Data Incidents); and
(iii)
providing Customer with the rights granted under paragraph 3.3.3(c)
                          (Customer’s Audit Rights).
3.3.2
Data Incidents.
(a)
Incident Notification.
If Google becomes aware of a Data Incident
                        (as defined below), Google will: (i) notify Customer of the Data Incident without undue delay; and
                        (ii) promptly take reasonable steps to minimize harm and secure Customer Personal Data. In this
                        Appendix 1B, “
Data Incident
” means a breach of Google’s security leading to the
                        accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of, or access to,
                        Customer Personal Data on systems managed by or otherwise controlled by Google. “Data Incidents”
                        will not include unsuccessful attempts or activities that do not compromise the security of Customer
                        Personal Data, including unsuccessful log-in attempts, pings, port scans, denial of service attacks,
                        and other network attacks on firewalls or networked systems.
(b)
Delivery of Notification.
Google will deliver its notification of
                        any Data Incident to the email address designated by Customer, via the user interface of the RDP
                        Services or such other means provided by Google, to receive certain notifications from Google
                        relating to this Appendix 1B (“
Notification Email Address
”) or, at Google’s
                        discretion (including if Customer has not provided a Notification Email Address), by other direct
                        communication (for example, phone call, email, or an in-person meeting). Customer is solely
                        responsible for providing the Notification Email Address and ensuring that the Notification Email
                        Address is current and valid.
(c)
Third Party Notifications.
Customer is solely responsible for complying with incident notification laws
                        applicable to Customer and fulfilling any third party notification obligations related to any Data
                        Incident.
(d)
No Acknowledgement of Fault by Google.
Google’s notification of or response to a Data Incident under this paragraph 3.3.2
                        (Data Incidents) will not be construed as an acknowledgement by Google of any fault or liability
                        with respect to the Data Incident.
3.3.3
Customer’s Security Responsibilities and Assessment.
(a)
Customer’s Security Responsibilities.
Customer agrees that, without
                        prejudice to Google’s obligations under paragraphs 3.3.1 (Google’s Security Measures and Assistance)
                        and 3.3.2 (Data Incidents):
(i)
Customer is responsible for its use of the RDP Services, including: (1) making
                          appropriate use of the RDP Services to ensure a level of security appropriate to the risk in
                          respect of Customer Personal Data; and (2) securing the account authentication credentials,
                          systems and devices Customer uses to access the RDP Services; and
(ii)
Google has no obligation to protect Customer Personal Data that Customer elects
                          to store or transfer outside of Google’s and its subcontractors’ systems.
(b)
Customer’s Security Assessment.
Customer acknowledges and agrees
                        that the Security Measures implemented and maintained by Google as set out in paragraph 3.3.1(a)
                        (Google’s Security Measures) provide a level of security appropriate to the risk in respect of
                        Customer Personal Data, taking into account the state of the art, the costs of implementation and
                        the nature, scope, context and purposes of the processing of Customer Personal Data as well as the
                        risks to individuals.
(c)
Customer’s Audit Rights.
(i)
Customer may conduct an audit to verify Google’s compliance with its obligations
                          under this Appendix 1B by requesting and reviewing (1) a certificate issued for security
                          verification reflecting the outcome of an audit conducted by a third party auditor (e.g., SOC 2
                          Type II or ISO/IEC 27001 certification or a comparable certification or other security
                          certification of an audit conducted by a third-party auditor agreed by Customer and Google)
                          within 12 months as of the date of Customer’s request and (2) any other information Google
                          determines is reasonably necessary for Customer to verify such compliance.
(ii)
Alternatively, Google may, at its sole discretion and in response to a request
                          by Customer, initiate a third-party audit to verify Google’s compliance with its obligations
                          under this Appendix 1B. During such an audit, Google will make available to the third-party
                          auditor all information necessary to demonstrate such compliance. Where Customer requests such
                          an audit, Google may charge a fee (based on Google’s reasonable costs) for any audit. Google
                          will provide Customer with further details of any applicable fee, and the basis of its
                          calculation, in advance of any such audit. Customer will be responsible for any fees charged by
                          any third-party auditor appointed by Customer to execute any such audit.
(iii)
Nothing in this Appendix 1B will require Google either to disclose to Customer
                          or its third-party auditor, or to allow Customer or its third-party auditor to access:
(1)
any data of any other customer of a Google Entity;
(2)
any Google Entity’s internal accounting or financial information;
(3)
any trade secret of a Google Entity;
(4)
any information that, in Google's reasonable opinion, could: (A) compromise
                            the security of any Google Entity’s systems or premises; or (B) cause any Google Entity to
                            breach its obligations under the US State Privacy Laws or its security and/or privacy
                            obligations to Customer or any third party; or
(5)
any information that Customer or its third party auditor seeks to access for
                            any reason other than the good faith fulfillment of Customer’s obligations under the US
                            State Privacy Laws.
3.4
Assistance with Impact Assessments.
Google will (taking into account the
                    nature of the processing and the information available to Google) assist Customer in meeting Customer’s (or,
                    where Customer is a processor, the relevant controller’s) obligations relating to data protection impact
                    assessments and prior regulatory consultations to the extent required under the US State Privacy Laws by:
(a)
providing the Security Documentation;
(b)
providing the information contained in the Agreement (including this Appendix 1B); and
(c)
providing or otherwise making available, in accordance with Google’s standard
                      practices, other materials concerning the nature of the RDP Services and the processing of Customer
                      Personal Data (for example, help center materials).
3.5
Data Subject Rights.
3.5.1
Responses to Data Subject Requests.
If Google receives a request from
                      a data subject in relation to Customer Personal Data, Customer authorizes Google to, and Google hereby
                      notifies Customer that it will:
(a)
respond directly to the data subject’s request in accordance with the standard
                        functionality of a tool (if any) made available by a Google Entity to data subjects that enables
                        Google to respond directly and in a standardized manner to certain requests from data subjects in
                        relation to Customer Personal Data (for example, online advertising settings or an opt-out browser
                        plugin) (“
Data Subject Tool
”) (if the request is made via a Data Subject Tool); or
(b)
advise the data subject to submit their request to Customer, and Customer will be
                        responsible for responding to such request (if the request is not made via a Data Subject Tool).
3.5.2
Google’s Data Subject Request Assistance.
Google will assist Customer
                      in fulfilling its (or, where Customer is a processor, the relevant controller’s) obligations under the
                      US State Privacy Laws to respond to requests for exercising the data subject’s rights, in all cases
                      taking into account the nature of the processing of Customer Personal Data and by:
(a)
providing the functionality of the RDP Services;
(b)
complying with the commitments set out in paragraph 3.5.1 (Responses to Data
                        Subject Requests); and
(c)
if applicable to the RDP Services, making available Data Subject Tools.
3.5.3
Rectification. If Customer becomes aware that any Customer Personal Data is
                      inaccurate or outdated, Customer will be responsible for rectifying or deleting that data if required by
                      the US State Privacy Laws, including (where available) by using the functionality of the RDP Services.
3.6
Subcontractors.
(a)
Customer generally authorizes Google to engage other entities as subcontractors in
                      connection with the provision of the RDP Services. When engaging any subcontractor, Google will:
(i)
ensure via a written contract that: (1) the subcontractor only accesses and uses
                        Customer Personal Data to the extent required to perform the obligations subcontracted to it, and
                        does so in accordance with the Agreement (including this Appendix 1B); and (2) if the processing of
                        Customer Personal Data is subject to the US State Privacy Laws, ensure that the data protection
                        obligations in this Appendix 1B are imposed on the subcontractor;
(ii)
when engaging any new subcontractors, provide notice of such new subcontractors
                        where required by US State Privacy Laws, and, where required by US State Privacy Laws, further
                        provide an opportunity for Customer to object to such subcontractors; and
(iii)
remain fully liable for all obligations subcontracted to, and all acts and
                        omissions of, the subcontractor.
(b)
Customer may object to any new subcontractor by terminating the Agreement for
                      convenience immediately upon written notice to Google, on condition that Customer provides such notice
                      within 90 days of being informed of the engagement of the new subcontractor as described in paragraph
                      3.6(a)(ii) herein.
3.7
Contacting Google
. Customer may contact Google in relation to the exercise
                    of its rights under this Appendix 1B via the methods described at
privacy.google.com/businesses/processorsupport
or via such other means as
                    may be provided by Google from time to time.
4.
US State Privacy Law Terms
4.1
Deidentified Data.
With respect to Customer Personal Data processed with or
                    without Restricted Data Processing enabled, and to the extent that one or more of the US State Privacy Laws
                    applies to the processing of Customer Personal Data, each party will comply with the requirements for
                    processing Deidentified Data set out in the US State Privacy Laws, with respect to any Deidentified Data it
                    receives from the other party pursuant to the Agreement. For purposes of this paragraph 4.1 (Deidentified
                    Data), Customer Personal Data means any personal data that is processed by a party under the Agreement in
                    connection with its provision or use of the Controller Services.
5.
Google’s CCPA Obligations.
5.1
With respect to Customer Personal Data processed under Restricted Data Processing and to the
                    extent that CCPA applies to such processing of Customer Personal Data, Google will act as Customer’s service
                    provider, and as such, unless otherwise permitted for service providers under CCPA, as reasonably determined
                    by Google:
(a)
Google will not sell or share any Customer Personal Data that it obtains from Customer
                      in connection with the Agreement;
(b)
Google will not retain, use or disclose Customer Personal Data (including outside of the
                      direct business relationship between Google and Customer), other than for a business purpose under the
                      CCPA on behalf of Customer and the specific purpose of performing the RDP Services, as further described
                      in supporting documentation available at
business.safety.google/rdp
, as updated from
                      time to time;
(c)
Google will not combine Customer Personal Data that Google receives from, or on behalf
                      of, Customer with (i) personal information that Google receives from, or on behalf of, another person or
                      persons or (ii) personal information collected from Google’s own interaction with a consumer, as further
                      described in supporting documentation available at
business.safety.google/rdp
except
                      to the extent permitted under CCPA;
(d)
Google will process such Customer Personal Data for the specific purpose of performing
                      the RDP Services, as further described in the Agreement and supporting documentation (e.g., help center
                      articles), or as otherwise permitted under the CCPA, and the parties agree that Customer is making such
                      Customer Personal Data available to Google for such purposes;
(e)
Google will allow audits to verify Google’s compliance with its obligations under this
                      Appendix 1B in accordance with paragraph 3.3.3(c) (Customer’s Audit Rights) herein;
(f)
Google will notify Customer if Google makes a determination that it can no longer meet
                      its obligations under the CCPA. This paragraph 5.1(f) does not reduce either party’s rights and
                      obligations elsewhere in the Agreement;
(g)
If Customer reasonably believes that Google is processing Customer Personal Data in an
                      unauthorized manner, Customer has the right to notify Google of such belief via the methods described at
privacy.google.com/businesses/processorsupport
, and the parties will
                      work together in good faith to remediate the allegedly violative processing activities, if necessary;
                      and
(h)
Google will comply with applicable obligations under CCPA and will provide the same
                      level of privacy protection as is required by CCPA.
5.2
With respect to Customer Personal Data processed without Restricted Data Processing
                    enabled, and to the extent that CCPA applies to the processing of Customer Personal Data:
(a)
Google will process such Customer Personal Data for the specific purpose of performing
                      the Controller Services, as applicable, as further described in the Agreement and supporting
                      documentation (e.g., help center articles), or as otherwise permitted under the CCPA, and the parties
                      agree that Customer is making such Customer Personal Data available to Google for such purposes;
(b)
Google will allow audits to verify Google’s compliance with its obligations under this
                      Appendix 1B in accordance with paragraph 3.3.3(c) (Customer’s Audit Rights) herein;
(c)
Google will notify Customer if Google makes a determination that it can no longer meet
                      its obligations under the CCPA;
(d)
If Customer reasonably believes that Google is processing Customer Personal Data in an
                      unauthorized manner, Customer has the right to notify Google of such belief via the methods described at
privacy.google.com/businesses/processorsupport
, and the parties will
                      work together in good faith to remediate the allegedly violative processing activities, if necessary;
                      and
(e)
Google will comply with applicable obligations under CCPA and will provide the same
                      level of privacy protection as is required by CCPA.
6.
Changes to this Appendix 1B.
In addition to Section 7 of the Controller Terms (Changes to these Controller Terms), as applicable, Google
                  may
                  change this Appendix 1B without notice if the change (a) is based on applicable law, applicable regulation,
                  a
                  court order, or guidance issued by a governmental regulator or agency or (b) does not have a material
                  adverse
                  impact on Customer under the US State Privacy Laws, as reasonably determined by Google.
7.
Subject Matter and Details of the Data Processing Under US State Privacy Laws
Subject Matter
Google’s provision of the RDP Services and any related technical support to Customer.
Duration of the Processing
The Term plus the period from the end of the Term until deletion of all Customer Personal Data by Google in
                  accordance with Appendix 1B
Nature and Purpose of the Processing
Google will process (including, as applicable to the RDP Services and the Instructions collecting, recording,
                  organizing, structuring, storing, altering, retrieving, using, disclosing, combining, erasing and
                  destroying)
                  Customer Personal Data for the purpose of providing the RDP Services and any related technical support to
                  Customer in accordance with Appendix 1B, or as otherwise permitted by processors under US State Privacy
                  Laws.
Types of Personal Data
Customer Personal Data may include the types of personal data described under the US State Privacy Laws.
Categories of Data Subjects
Customer Personal Data will concern the following categories of data subjects:
data subjects about whom Google collects personal data in its provision of the RDP Services; and/or
data subjects about whom personal data is transferred to Google in connection with the RDP Services
                      by,
                      at the direction of, or on behalf of Customer.
Depending on the nature of the RDP Services, these data subjects may include individuals: (a) to whom online
                  advertising has been, or will be, directed; (b) who have visited specific websites or applications in
                  respect of
                  which Google provides the RDP Services; and/or (c) who are customers or users of Customer’s products or
                  services.
Google Ads Controller-Controller Data Protection Terms, Version 8.0
30 May 2024
Previous Versions
1 September 2023
1 July 2023
1 January 2023
21 September 2022
27 September 2021
16 August 2020
12 August 2020
1 January 2020
31 October 2019
12 October 2017
Sub-policy 2
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy:
Legal Information
Privacy Policy Hub
Privacy Policy Hub
Developer Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs our information practices for our Developer Services, which includes any websites, where a link to this Policy is provided. Developer Services means products and services intended for a party that develops and/or distributes a game or other app made with and/or using Unity Services.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Developer Privacy Policy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Developer Privacy Policy
. They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Customers should understand that Unity does not provide legal advice, therefore the information on this page is not a substitute for seeking your own legal counsel to determine the legal requirements of your business and processes, and how to address them.
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy will provide you with information on how Unity Technologies will collect, use, store, share or otherwise handle your Personal Information that we are responsible for and collect or receive through your use of applications which are owned by third parties but utilize Unity’s technology.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Game Player and App User Privacy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
.They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Unity Educational Products for Schools Privacy Notice
This sets forth Unity’s policies and procedures regarding the Unity software products in schools.
Privacy Supplement Statement for Unity MARS Companion App
This sets forth special privacy terms regarding use of the Unity MARS Companion App.
Unity Data Processing Addendum (“DPA”)
This Data Processing Addendum (this “DPA”) is incorporated into and forms an integral part of the Unity Terms of Service. This agreement determines the rights and obligations of each party when processing personal information.
DPA Amendment for EU, UK, and Swiss SCCs
In 2021, the European Commission and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commission issued new Standard Contractual Clauses ("2021 SCCs"). Additionally, in 2022, the UK Parliament approved the UK International Data Transfer Addendum to the EU SCCs (“UK Addendum”). The 2021 SCCs and UK Addendum replace the Standard Contractual Clauses enacted in 2010 (“2010 SCCs”). This is a pre-signed copy of this document which you may download, execute on your side, and return to DPA@unity3d.com.
Technical and Organisational Measures including Technical and Organisational Measure to ensure the Security of the Data
Technical and Organisational Measures (TOMs) are strategic safeguards designed to protect data security and ensure adherence to data protection regulations. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum.
Sub-Processors
Sub-processors are third-party companies that assist Unity by handling personal data on Unity's behalf. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum
.
GENERATIVE AI SUPPLEMENTAL PRIVACY NOTICE
This notice explains Unity's processing activities with respect to Personal Information collected through users of Generative AI Tools