Privacy Policy Apps
Quetzal Inc.’ Privacy
Policy has been adopted to explain how we store and use the information
collected about you online on our websites, during your use of our products
(apps and games) and/or services and on mobile platforms. Quetzal Inc. and its
subsidiary companies respect the privacy rights of Users and recognize the
importance of protecting the information collected. By accepting our Privacy
Policy and Terms of Service, you consent to our collection, storage, use and
disclosure of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy.
If you have any questions
or concerns, please contact our Support Team at apps (at) myQuetzal.com
1. Introduction
Quetzal Inc. and its
owned or controlled subsidiaries and affiliates may be collectively referred to
herein as “Quetzal Inc.”, “we”, or “our”, as the context requires. Quetzal Inc.
By using or installing Quetzal Inc.’ websites, Quetzal Inc.’ Applications, Quetzal
Inc.’ Games or any of the related services, you signify your assent to Quetzal
Inc.’ Privacy Policy and understanding that Quetzal Inc. may process your data
in accordance with this Privacy Policy. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE FOREGOING,
PLEASE DO NOT USE THE OUR SITES OR APPLICATIONS OR MOBILE GAMES. If you access
our games from a third-party Social Networking Site (“SNS”), or trough any
other web or mobile source or app store, you may be required to also read and
accept their Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
2. Information that we
collect
Quetzal Inc. collects
both personal and non-personal User information. Personal information is
information that identifies you and that may be used to contact you on-line or
off-line.
2.1. Quetzal Inc. may
collect personal information from our online Users during:
Information collected
will vary depending upon the activity or service and may include but not
restricted to your name, email address, phone number, home address, birth date,
Facebook account, friends list, mobile phone number and credit card
information. You can choose not to provide (when such opportunity is provided)
certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of many
of our features.
2.2. Non-personal
information, alone, cannot be used to identify or contact you. Quetzal Inc.
collects non-personal information about your use of our online and mobile
products and services both on our websites and in the course of game play and
software usage. When you use Quetzal Inc. online and mobile products and
services, we may collect certain non-personal information including gender, zip
code, information about your computer, hardware, software, platform, game
system, media, mobile device, including device IDs, incident data, Internet
Protocol (IP) address and other information. When you browse certain portions
of the Service, we may automatically collect and record standard user
information and clickstream data about your visit (through the use of cookies,
analytics SDKs and otherwise) as part of our analysis of the use of the
Service. For example, when you visit or request a web page from our server, we
may record the IP address of the user’s machine, the time, date and URL of the
request and information about the browser being used, and other information
regarding the visit, such as the pages visited on the Service, the time spent
on each page, any advertisements clicked and any search terms used
(collectively “Log Data”).
2.3. When you use any Quetzal
Inc. game at an SNS such as Facebook or Google +, you allow Quetzal Inc. to
access certain information from you profile for that site. The information you
allow Quetzal Inc. to access varies by game and SNS, and it is affected by the
privacy settings you establish at the SNS. You can control and find out more
about these settings at the SNS where you play our game. By playing a Quetzal
Inc. game through an SNS, you are authorizing Quetzal Inc. to collect, store,
and use in accordance with this Privacy Policy any and all information that you
agreed the SNS could provide to Quetzal Inc. through the SNS Application
Programming Interface. Your agreement takes place when you “accept” or “allow”
(or similar terms) one of our applications on an SNS.
2.4. When you use any Quetzal
Inc. game at mobile platforms such as iTunes Appstore, Google Play, Amazon App
Store, Windows Phone or any other mobile platform or store where we publish
games and apps you allow Quetzal Inc. to access certain information from you
profile for that site, store or service. The information you allow Quetzal Inc.
to access varies by game and mobile platform, and it is affected by the privacy
settings you accepted at the mobile platform. You can control and find out more
about these settings at the mobile platform where you download or play our
game. By playing a Quetzal Inc. game through a mobile platform, you are
authorizing Quetzal Inc. to collect, store, and use in accordance with this
Privacy Policy any and all information that you agreed the mobile platform
could provide to Quetzal Inc. through the mobile platform Application
Programming Interface. Your agreement takes place when you “accept” or “allow”
or “install” or “download” (or similar terms) one of our applications on a
mobile platform.
•Registration for sites,
SNS, games, mobile games, mobile apps.
•Registration for Quetzal
Inc. and/or other service accounts;
•User support and/or
technical service requests;
•Player match up and
other head-to-head online competitions and/or special game-specific events;
•Contest registration and
prize acceptance;
•Creation of a personal
profile;
•Access to our products
and/or services on social networks or other third-party services; and
•Otherwise through use of
our software, mobile or online service where personal information is required
for use and/or participation.
3. Where we store
information about you
Quetzal Inc. stores
information about you on servers located in the United States but reserves the
right to transfer information elsewhere at its sole discretion. Personal data
collected within the European Union may be transferred to, and stored at, a
destination outside the European Union. Data we collect may also be processed
by staff operating outside the US and the EU who works for us or for one of our
suppliers. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer,
storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure
that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
4. How Quetzal Inc. uses
information collected
Quetzal Inc. uses your
information only as follows:
•To provide our products
and services to you and fulfill your specific requests;
•To send you messages
about our products and services, new products, features, enhancements, special
offers, upgrade opportunities, contests and events of interest;
•To enable user-to-user
communications;
•To better understand the
behavior and preferences of our Users, to troubleshoot technical problems, to
deliver advertising, for the purposes of proper functioning of our products and
services and improving them; to handle users accounts and all in-game payments.
•To improve our software
and services by providing experiences and recommendations, language and
location customization, personalized help and instructions.
•Quetzal Inc. collects
and uses Users personal information in association or trough different API or
SDK of Social Network Sites, Mobile Platforms, Data Analysis Networks or Mobile
Ad Networks. By installing or using our services or games you (User) also agree
on any such additional Privacy Policy provided by such Site, Platform or
Network. Here are some of the such companies used on our Sites or in our Games
or Apps so you can check or opt-out your data through their Privacy Policy
forms: iTunes, Google Play, Amazon, FaceBook, Samsung Apps, Nook, AppAnnie,
Flurry, Admob, Google Analytics, GetJar, TapJoy, Paymentwall, SponsorPay,
Vungle, AppLift, MobPartner, Unilead, YeahMobi, Chartboost, AdColony, Glispa,
and many others.
5. How we disclose
information collected
We disclose your
information to third parties, that is parties other than Quetzal Inc. in the
following circumstances:
5.1 We may share your
information with subsidiaries, partners and affiliates that we work with, own
or control, but only if those entities are either subject to this Privacy
Policy or follow practices at least as protective as those described in this
Privacy Policy.
5.2 From time to time Quetzal
Inc. employs third party contractors to collect personal information on our
behalf to provide email delivery, product, prize or promotional fulfillment,
contest administration, credit card processing, shipping or other services on
our sites or in our mobile games and apps. We ask some third-party contractors,
such as credit agencies, data analytics, ad networks or market research firms,
to supplement personal information that you provide to us for our own studies
or other uses. When our third-party agents or service providers collect and/or
have access any information other than non-personal, anonymous and/or
aggregated data, Quetzal Inc. requires that they use data consistently with our
stated privacy policies and protect the confidentiality of personal information
they collect or have access to in the course of their engagement by Quetzal
Inc. These third parties are prohibited from using your personal information
for any other purpose without your specific consent.
5.3 The Service supports
and may encourage interaction among players. Your SNS friends may see your
name, profile photo and descriptions of your game activity, your game profile.
Other players may also be able to send you game requests or even friend
requests through the related SNS’ communication channels or trough API of
mobile platform.
5.4 Quetzal Inc. may
share aggregated information (information about you and other users
collectively), anonymous information and certain technical information
(including IP Addresses, MAC Addresses for mobile devices and mobile device
IDs) to develop and deliver targeted advertising in the service and on the
websites of third parties. We may also allow advertisers to collect this
information within the Service and they may share it with Us.
5.5 We reserve the right
to disclose your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply
with the law, judicial proceedings, court order or other legal process; enforce
or apply our Terms of Service and other agreements; or protect the rights,
property, or safety of Quetzal Inc. our employees, our users, or others. This
includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for
fraud protection and credit risk reduction purposes.
5.6 In the event that Quetzal
Inc. undergoes a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition by another
company, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, we may transfer all of your
information, including personal information, to the successor organization in
such transition.
6. Information about
Children
Quetzal Inc. does not
sell products or in-apps for purchase by children and does not knowingly
collect personal information from children. We sell children’s products for purchase
by adults. If you are under age of 13, you may use our Sites or Mobile Games
and Apps only with the involvement of a parent or guardian.
7. How does Quetzal Inc.
protect your information?
Quetzal Inc. understands
the importance of keeping your information safe and secure. Quetzal Inc. will
make commercially reasonable precautions to protect your personal information
and ensure the security of our systems. However, there is no 100% secure method
of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage. We cannot
assume responsibility or liability for unauthorized access to our servers and
systems. It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to
your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a
shared computer or mobile device. We strongly recommend that you implement
measures to protect your computer or mobile device from unauthorized access
such as firewall protection and anti-virus software.
8. How you can access and
update or delete your information
8.1 You can correct or
update your account information at any time by logging on our sites or SNS and
navigating to different account settings. Should you be unable to log in or
wish to have your account(s) deactivated, you may send an e-mail to our Support
Team apps@myQuetzal.com. You can put “Delete my Account” or “Update my
information” in the subject line and include your first name, last name,
e-mail address and user ID number (if applicable) in the body of the e-mail. We
will be happy to review, update or remove information as appropriate. We may
still retain your information in our files however, to resolve disputes,
enforce our user agreement, and due to technical and legal requirements and
constraints related to the security, integrity and operation of our websites,
mobile games and apps.
8.2 If you have granted Quetzal
Inc. access to your SNS account information through a Quetzal Inc.’ application
or mobile game, you may manage the information Quetzal Inc. receives about you
from an SNS. For this purpose, you will need to follow the instructions at that
site for updating your information and changing your privacy settings.
8.3 You also may have the
right (subject to certain exceptions to be given a copy of certain data that Quetzal
Inc. may hold about you (and for which we may charge a small fee to process)
and to have any inaccuracies in the data that Quetzal Inc. holds about you
corrected and/or erased. You may exercise any such rights by emailing our
Support Team at apps@myQuetzal.com. We will need sufficient information
from you to establish your identity and to verify your access request, and also
to assist us in handling your request. Requests will be processed as soon as
possible and not later than 45 days.
For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app
Google Play Services
AdMob
Unity3D
Google Play
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device’s internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.
9. Terms of service and
notices
If you choose to visit a
Site, use any of our Games or Apps, your visit and any dispute over privacy is
subject to this Policy and our Terms of Service. If you have any concerns about
your privacy, please contact us with a thorough description or your question or
concern via the postal addresses or email address in the div 11 of this Privacy
Policy, and we will try to resolve it.
10. Changes to our
privacy policy
If we decide to make
material changes to our Privacy Policy, we will notify you and other users by
placing a notice on Quetzal Inc. .com or by sending you a notice to the e-mail
address we have on file for you. We may supplement this process by placing
notices in our games and on other Quetzal Inc. websites. You should periodically
check and this privacy policy page for updates. Any update to our Privacy
Policy is valid without your new acceptance.
11. Contact us
If you have any questions
about the privacy aspects of our products or services, or would like to make a
complaint having to do with a privacy matter, please send a written request as
follows:
Info [at] quetzal . biz