You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Support
Sign up
|
Sign in
English
E-Visa
SkyJoy
My booking
Online Check-in
E-Menu
Flight extras
For your more convenient flight…
Pre-book convenient services to enjoy your flight to the fullest
Insurance
Feel safe and comfortable with reliable insurance programs from prestigious insurance partners of Vietjet
Hotel
Get ready to enjoy promotion up to 70% for hotels all over the world
Special assistance service
Travelling with pets service, Unaccompanied minor service, Meet and assist service and more!
Power Pass
With the creation of POWER PASS SKYBOSS, Vietjet will offer leaders an amazing "Buy Once, Fly Hundred Times" air travel package.
eSIM
With SkyFi eSIM, enjoy high-speed internet connection on every trip you take, wherever you go
Airport taxi
Pre-book Xanh SM taxi service for airport pickup with saver packages
Financial services
Fly first, pay later
Ready to fly, Vietjet's tickets to take care of. Enjoy an installment purchase of airline tickets with loan terms up to 6 months and no need to prove income
HBBank Vietjet travel credit card
With countless attractive incentives, free money when buying airline tickets, up to 50% off shopping services, hotels, resorts, 0% interest installment payment, .. [Open card 100% online]
Di-HDBank
Download the Di-HDBank online banking application together to enjoy fast and efficient payment of airline tickets & other financial supports.
Pre-order  Dutyfree
Enjoy shopping with just one click, you'll receive it right on your flight. Many well-known products with great deals are waiting. Shopping now!
Buy baggage, meals, select seat and more...
Express shipping
Redeem and buy Skypoint
Check in
Return
One-way
USD
From
​
Departure date
To
​
Return Date
Let's go
Privacy policy
Thank you for visiting VietJetAir’s website. We respect and commit to safeguarding your private information. Please read the Privacy Policy below to better understand our commitments to respecting and safeguarding the interests of our website visitors.
This policy applies to all personal information that you provide while working with us. It also applies to all information about you that is provided to us by another person, such as a travel agent.
a. Purpose and scope of collection
The types of personal information we collect from you depend on the situations and service types you request us to provide. For example, we collect details such as full name, address, flight and other travel information, credit/debit card number and expiration date, billing address, phone numbers, membership details of loyalty program and health issues related to your travel arrangements.
We may collect your personal information when you work with us via phone, mail (whether by mail, fax or email), by visiting our website or by directly meeting us. In some cases, we may collect your information from a third party, i.e., a travel agent or transport agent; from such third parties as telephone sales companies which gather your personal information and disclose it to us so that we could issue tickets for you and implement as well as complete your travel arrangements or introduce our products and services to you; from other service providers which collect information on our behalf...
b. Scope of Information Usage
We collect your personal information for the following purposes: to arrange your travel and transportation as well as other transactions; to create favorable conditions for you to participate in loyalty programs of other organizations; and to implement marketing and market research activities.
Some of the personal information that we collect will be very necessary for us to determine exactly who is using the service. Other types of personal information that we collect will help us to make a profile of who is using our services and identify their needs.
c. Information Retention Period
Clients’ personal data will be stored until they request erasing such information.
d. Address of Personal Information Collector and Controller
VIETJET Aviation Joint Stock Company
Office Address: 8th floor, C.T Plaza Building, 60A Truong Son, Ward 2, Tan Binh District, Ho Chi Minh city
Call Center Number 1900 1886
Email address: info@vietjetair.com
e. Means and Tools for Users to Access and Edit Their Personal Data
We allow you to access your information that we are holding on request, including for the purpose of editing or updating such information, unless regulated otherwise by Privacy Policy. We may charge you reasonable fees for providing you access to this information. Your requests for access to this information will be processed in a timely manner. If we decline your access to this information, we will provide the reasons for refusal and inform you of any exceptions under the Privacy Policy.
For receiving newsletters, clients may unsubscribe from our newsletter at any time. There is a link at the end of each newsletter (bottom of the page) that leads to our website. Users can unsubscribe from all newsletters or can manage their newsletter data, such as changing email address or language. Clients can also choose different types of newsletters.
f. Commitment to Protecting Clients’ Personal Information
We may disclose your personal information to third parties, such as contractors who contract with us for certain services, other carriers, freight and travel service providers, data processing companies (including those managing global distribution system and payment system) which serve the purpose for which the information is collected or for related purposes, such as to represent you in completing a transaction or provide you with the service that you request.
We may also disclose your personal information to various law enforcement agencies and governments around the world for security, customs and immigration purposes. We hire third party contractors to perform our services, including a contractor which processes the personal information that we hold. For example, to provide mail and email processing services; provide electronic funds transfer services, process credit card accounts and related services; manage call center; manage several sales functions and completing travel for the company; conduct market research; provide meals on the plane; provide ground services, such as agents which carry out procedures, freight and special assistance; and assist getting payments from creditors.
In these cases, we will strictly prohibit third party contractors from using your personal information except for the specific purpose for which we provide your personal information.
In addition, we will not disclose your personal information without your consent unless the disclosure is necessary to prevent a threat to your life or health or is allowed or regulated by the laws, is reasonably necessary to enforce the law or to inspect a suspected criminal activity.
If you would like to access your personal information, make a complaint about the violation of your privacy or have any questions about how we collect or use your personal information, please send your requests, complaints or questions to the following address. We will respond to your questions or complaints as soon as possible.
VJA Office Address: 8th floor, C.T Plaza Building, 60A Truong Son, Ward 2, Tan Binh District, Ho Chi Minh city
Call Center Number 1900 1886
Email address: info@vietjetair.com
g. Changes to Privacy Policy
We may amend this Privacy Policy as required by our work or in accordance with changes in laws. Any changes to this Policy will be updated on this website, so please visit periodically to ensure that you get the latest statement of our Privacy Policy.
h. Data Use and Sharing
(i)
Unless otherwise permitted by law, you may not use, transmit, or share someone’s personal data without first obtaining their permission. You must provide access to information about how and where the data will be used. Data collected from apps may only be shared with third parties to improve the app or serve advertising. You must receive explicit permission from users via the App Tracking Transparency APIs to track their activity. Learn more about
tracking
. Apps that share user data without user consent or otherwise complying with data privacy laws may be removed from sale and may result in your removal from the
Apple Developer Program.
(ii)
Data collected for one purpose may not be repurposed without further consent unless otherwise explicitly permitted by law.
(iii)
Apps should not attempt to surreptitiously build a user profile based on collected data and may not attempt, facilitate, or encourage others to identify anonymous users or reconstruct user profiles based on data collected from Apple-provided APIs or any data that you say has been collected in an “anonymized,” “aggregated,” or otherwise non-identifiable way.
(iv)
Do not use information from Contacts, Photos, or other APIs that access user data to build a contact database for your own use or for sale/distribution to third parties, and don’t collect information about which other apps are installed on a user’s device for the purposes of analytics or advertising/marketing.
(v)
Do not contact people using information collected via a user’s Contacts or Photos, except at the explicit initiative of that user on an individualized basis; do not include a Select All option or default the selection of all contacts. You must provide the user with a clear description of how the message will appear to the recipient before sending it (e.g. What will the message say? Who will appear to be the sender?).
(vi)
Data gathered from the HomeKit API, HealthKit, Clinical Health Records API, MovementDisorder APIs, ClassKit or from depth and/or facial mapping tools (e.g. ARKit, Camera APIs, or Photo APIs) may not be used for marketing, advertising or use-based data mining, including by third parties. Learn more about best practices for implementing
CallKit
,
HealthKit
,
ClassKit
, and
ARKit
.
Chat with Amy