Skip privacy policy
Last updated: April 2020
Protecting your privacy
Skip Zero Pty Ltd trading as Skip (“Skip”, “we”, “our”, “us”) is committed to providing you with the highest levels of customer service and to protecting your privacy. We are bound by the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) (“Privacy Act”), which sets out a number of principles concerning the protection of your personal information known as the Australian Privacy Principles.
This privacy policy sets out the type of information we collect, how we use it and who we may share it with. It may be amended from time to time and a current version is available here.
About Skip
Skip is wholly owned by Skip Zero Pty Ltd (“Skip Zero”), and is responsible for the Skip pre-order and pay application and websites. In this statement a reference to “related companies” means Skip Zero and its subsidiary companies.
What personal information do we collect?
The personal information we collect and store may include your name, birth date, current and previous addresses, phone numbers, email addresses, work-related information, occupation, preferences for using our application and websites (including which pages you have visited and what you have clicked on), driver’s license details, web log, computer, device and connection information, your Skip user name and password, and (depending on the service) banking and credit card details. We also hold details of your Skip orders, as well as certain details about your personal interests.
Skip applications may collect information about your location in order to assist us in fulfilling orders placed via the application or website and in order to tailor Skip’s services to you. You may choose to opt out of having Skip collect information about your location by turning off the location services feature on your mobile device. However, this may result in Skip being unable to provide you with the service (or all parts of the service) offered through the application.
Sometimes we’ll need you to provide personal information about another person (for example, if you’d like to give someone access to your Skip services). If that happens, we’ll need you to tell that person you’ve provided their personal information to us, and that we can be contacted for more information.
How do we use your personal information?
Your personal information may be used to:
Verify your identity;
Provide our services;
Conduct credit checks and to help prevent fraud;
Perform research and analysis aimed at improving our products, services and technologies;
Help us deliver better services and tailor those services to you;
Help us maintain and develop our business systems and infrastructure; and
Promote and market services and products to you (sometimes even after you leave us) either by ourselves, or our related companies
If you do not want Skip to contact you to promote and market our products, services and special offers to you, please email
support@skip.com.au
. If you’ve subscribed to receive specific emails or SMS/MMS from us, you’ll continue receiving them unless you unsubscribe by following the instructions in these messages to cancel your subscription. You may also be able to update your marketing preferences via our application. Sometimes we may send you notifications via the application. If you do not want to receive these, turn off notifications via your mobile device.
When do we disclose your personal information?
We may disclose your personal information to other organisations, but we’ll only do this in relation to us providing our services to you or as otherwise set out in this policy. We take all reasonable steps to maintain the security of your personal information and to protect it from unauthorised disclosures.
Skip has processes in place that require organisations to adhere to confidentiality obligations to protect your personal information.
These organisations may be based locally or overseas. They may carry out functions for us such as:
Customer enquiries;
Fulfilling your orders;
Billing and debt-recovery functions;
Information technology services;
Data verification services;
Managing your advertising;
Marketing, telemarketing and sales services;
Market research; and
Website usage analysis
In addition, we may disclose your personal information to:
Your authorised representatives or advisers (when requested by you to do so);
Credit-reporting and fraud-prevention organisations;
Credit providers (for credit related purposes);
Our related companies;
Our professional advisers;
Government, regulatory authorities and other organisations, as required by law;
Organisations who manage our business and corporate strategies, including those involved in a transfer/sale of all or part of our assets or business and those involved in managing our corporate risk and funding functions; and
Our syndication and marketing partners
When we share your information with a third party, we will require that the third party only use, store and disclose your information in a way that is consistent with this policy.
Disclosure of your personal information outside of Australia
There are some circumstances where your personal information is disclosed outside of Australia including for information management and storage purposes such as cloud computing. These disclosures primarily occur in the United States of America. This may change from time to time depending on who we partner with. We will endeavour to update this information to reflect any changes.
We take active steps to ensure that any overseas located organisation we disclose your personal information to complies with the Australian Privacy Principles or is subjected to laws which are substantially similar to the Australian Privacy Principles.
Your personal information and our related companies
We may share your personal information with our related companies to assist them with their business development and to market their own products and services to you and may continue to do so after you cease acquiring services from us. Our related companies will use and disclose your personal information in accordance with their privacy policies. If you want to know more about our related companies, their areas of business and their commitment to privacy, please contact us as set out below.
About our application, websites, IP addresses and ‘cookies’
When you visit our application or websites, our web servers record anonymous information such as the time, date, device and URL of the request. This information assists us to improve the structure of our websites and monitor their performance. Sometimes we also use third parties to analyse this information.
We may use ‘cookies’ or an equivalent on various websites and applications. A cookie is a small text file that our websites and applications use to store information on your browser or device. Usually, cookies are used so our websites and applications can remember your preferences and improve your online experience. We also use cookies for profiling purposes to tailor our marketing to users’ interests.
Sometimes cookies may collect and store personal information about you. We treat this information in the same way as any other personal information you provide. You can adjust your internet browser to disable cookies or to warn you when cookies are being used. However, if you disable cookies, you may not be able to access certain areas or experience the added features offered with the enablement of cookies.
We also collect and manage Internet Protocol (IP) addresses and device identifiers – the unique identifiers on your computer or device. It’s used for the purpose of providing internet session management and to detect any misuse or fraudulent activities involving our application and websites.
Skip may use third parties to analyse usage statistics. Such analysis is performed using data collected from our websites and applications. This helps us to personalise and tailor our services to you.
Skip may disclose your personal information to social media platforms, such as Facebook, in order to serve you and others like you, targeted advertising on these platforms. If you wish to opt out of this advertising, please email
unsubscribe@skip.com.au
. Skip may also include digital advertising on its application or websites. To make this advertising more relevant to you, we or our third party advertising companies may collect and use information about visits to our site and to other sites made using your computer or device.
Third party sites
You may click-through to third party sites from our application or websites, in which case we recommend that you refer to the privacy policy of the third party websites you choose to visit. Skip’s privacy policy applies to the Skip application and websites only and Skip assumes no responsibility for information and content of third party websites.
How accurate is your information?
We take all reasonable precautions to ensure that the personal information we collect, use and disclose is accurate, complete and up to date. However, the accuracy of that information largely depends on the details you give us. Please let us know if there are any errors and keep us up to date with any changes. You can do this via the ‘Edit Profile’ tab of the application.
Access to your personal information and privacy complaints
We take the protection of your privacy very seriously. So if you have any concerns, or you think your personal information is inaccurate or has been handled in a way that doesn't comply with the Australian Privacy Principles, or alternatively you want us to delete your account along with your personal information, please send an e-mail to
privacy@skip.com.au
. We'll investigate and respond in writing within 30 days of receiving your complaint. If you do want us to delete your account including your personal information, we can do so but will continue to hold on to some information in accordance with our obligations under recordkeeping laws and Australian privacy law.
Further information
You can read more on privacy at the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner
website
.