We value your privacy
We and our
partners
store and/or access information on a device, such as cookies and process personal data, such as unique identifiers and standard information sent by a device for personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.  With your permission we and our partners may use precise geolocation data and identification through device scanning. You may click to consent to our and our 1470 partners’ processing as described above. Alternatively you may access more detailed information and change your preferences before consenting or to refuse consenting.  Please note that some processing of your personal data may not require your consent, but you have a right to object to such processing. Your preferences will apply to this website only. You can change your preferences or withdraw your consent at any time by returning to this site and clicking the "Privacy" button at the bottom of the webpage.
Please note that this website/app uses one or more Google services and may gather and store information including but not limited to your visit or usage behaviour. You may click to grant or deny consent to Google and its third-party tags to use your data for below specified purposes in below Google consent section.
Search
Privacy Policy
Privacy Statement
This privacy statement outlines the type of data collected by www.midwestradio.ie and how it is used.
By using www.midwestradio.ie you are accepting the terms of this privacy statement. Any external websites that may be accessed through www.midwestradio.ie are subject to their own privacy statements and are not the responsibility of Midwest Radio.
By using www.midwestradio.ie, you consent to the collection, storage, and processing of the data we collect as outlined in this statement. Any changes to this notice will be posted here and your continued use of www.midwestradio.ie will be subject to updated policies.
Information we collect and where it comes from
When you visit www.midwestradio.ie there are two types of information that we may collect on you – namely personal and non-personal.
Personal
A user may need to submit personal data on www.midwestradio.ie for the following purpose;
General Enquiries through our contact form
Non-Personal
If you’re just browsing our website, we collect the same basic non-personal information that most websites collect. We use common internet technologies, such as cookies, server logs, and Google Analytics. This is stuff we collect from everybody. This is collected anonymously and helps us deliver a better experience on www.midwestradio.ie.
Use of Information
Midwest Radio collects personal data submitted through www.midwestradio.ie contact forms to respond to enquiries and track further correspondence. Personal information collected from these general enquiries is not used for any other purpose.
Cookies
This website uses “cookie” technology. We may update our Cookie Policy to reflect any changes in technology or legislation which may affect the way in which cookies are used by us and how you as a user, can manage them.
The information generated by the cookie relates to information about your use of our website. It will record the number of user sessions on the site and track the number of users who return to the site. By accessing www.midwestradio.ie, you consent to our use of cookies. You are always free to decline our cookies (if your browser permits), or to ask your browser to indicate when a cookie is being sent. You can also delete cookie files from your computer at your discretion.
When you visit a page with content embedded from a third party, for example, Youtube, Facebook, or other social media widgets, these service providers may use their own cookies.
We do not control the use of these cookies and cannot access them as they can only be accessed by the party who originally sent them. You should check the third-party websites for more information about these cookies.
Please note that if you decline our cookies or ask for notification each time a cookie is being sent, this may affect your ease of use of this website.
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics which is an analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). The information stored in the cookie is transmitted and stored by Google on their servers and then used to evaluate visitors’ use of our website and to compile statistical reports on website activity for us. You can find out more information about Google Analytics
here
.
Updating and requesting your personal data
At any time, you have the right to request access to, rectification of, and/or erasure of any personal data we hold about you. You can make any such requests to our Privacy Officer in writing or by emailing
studio@midwestradio.ie
or our Privacy Officer Tommy Marren at
tommy@midwestradio.ie
.
If you have not provided us with any personal information, we will not be able to provide you with any information you request.
How long we hold your data for?
Your personal data provided to us is stored for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes for which it was collected. Any data that is no longer necessary due to being out of date or inaccurate will be deleted.
Security
We take reasonable technical, physical, and administrative measures to ensure any personal data provided to us is secure to prevent any unauthorized access, theft, and loss.
In the event of a personal data breach, Midwest Radio will take all steps necessary.
We do not share, sell, rent, or trade User Personal Information with third parties for their commercial purposes.
Complaints
Any complaints on the use & retention of data can be emailed to our Privacy Officer Tommy Marren at
tommy@midwestradio.ie
. Complaints should also be copied to
studio@midwestradio.ie
so that they can be dealt with should our Privacy Officer be either out of the office or on annual leave.
Midwest Radio App
To access certain features of the Midwest Radio app, users are required to create an account with personal information to sign in. This information is collected and processed by our app developer. The Privacy Policy regarding our app can be found on their website.
Credit Terms
Midwest Radio credit terms are 30 days from the date of invoice.
Scroll to Top