TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE FOR MOBILE APPLICATIONS
These terms and conditions of use govern your use of the software application
                                     (“Application”, “App”) for mobile devices created
                                        by AppBakery OÜ (“Developer”). The Application provides users with information purely for entertainment purposes. At no point AppBakery is stating that the provided information is factually correct nor is AppBakery responsible for any perceived or actual damages nor does AppBakery admit liability to any detremental situations arising from usage of our apps. 
                                        These Terms and
                                        Conditions of Use (“Terms”) govern your access to and use of our Services.
                                        Please read the Terms carefully before using our Services, as they are a legally
                                        binding contract between you and AppBakery OÜ. Current and future
                                        digital products and service offerings we make available, including any products
                                        and services provided in collaboration with our partners collectively designated
                                        as the “Services”.
Your access and use of the Services (regardless of whether you create an account
                                        with us), constitutes your agreement to these Terms and our Privacy Policy,
                                        which is incorporated into the Terms. Stated alternatively, if you disagree with
                                        any part of the Terms, then you are not permitted to use our Services.
1. Usage of services
The Application provides users with information purely for entertainment purposes. At no point AppBakery is stating that the provided information is factually correct nor is AppBakery responsible for any perceived or actual damages nor does AppBakery admit liability to any detremental situations arising from usage of our apps.  By agreeing to these terms, you use the data
                                        provided by the app at your own risk. The developer is not responsible for any
                                        personal injury or property damage, loss of income or revenue arising from the
                                        usage of this app or information provided by it. All information provided by
                                        this app is only for reference purposes only and by no means should be
                                        considered official information. The Developer is
                                        not associated or affiliated with third parties or organisation providing such information (such as airports or transport authorities). Thus the
                                        developer has no access to the systems of such third parties beyond publically accessible ones. All information provided by the
                                        app is based
                                        only on publically accessible information and information provided by the user while using the app (such as, but not limited to, locations tracking permitted by the user of the app).
2. Paid Services
If you choose to subscribe to any of our enhanced, paid services, these are the
                                        payment and billing terms that apply. Paid services and billing will auto-renew
                                        every month from the date of subscription unless you cancel. You may cancel at
                                        any time.
(a) Payment Terms
We offer specific premium versions of the Services (e.g. access to your journey
                                        history persisted and updated for your convenience in the cloud) (the “Premium
                                        Services”) for a fee. By signing up for and using any of the Premium Services,
                                        you agree to our Terms and any additional terms and conditions that we provide
                                        here. You also agree to waive your 14-day right of withdrawal to the maximum
                                        extent permitted by applicable law, so that you are able to immediately access
                                        all of the Premium Services.
The Premium Services provide you access to specific enhanced products, services,
                                        features and functionality (e.g., extended history access, advertisement
                                        removal, additional notifications, etc.). By signing up for and using the
                                        Premium Services, including signing up for Free Trials, should such be
                                        available, of the Premium Services, you agree to pay any fees or other incurred
                                        charges that apply to the Premium Services (such as subscription fees).
You can choose to pay for the Premium Services on a monthly basis. All fees due
                                        for the Premium Services are payable in advance and will be billed automatically
                                        to your Apple Account (“Payment Method”) at the start of the monthly or annual
                                        Premium Service period, as applicable. Unless otherwise stated, Premium Services
                                        will auto-renew every month until you elect to cancel your access to Premium
                                        Services. All purchases of Premium Services are final and non-refundable, except
                                        at our sole discretion and following the rules governing each Premium Service.
(b) Termination or Cancellation of Premium Services
If you do not pay the fees or charges due for your use of the Premium Services,
                                        we may make reasonable efforts to notify you and resolve the issue; however, we
                                        reserve the right to disable or terminate your access to the Premium Services
                                        (and may do so without notice).
You can cancel the Premium Services at any time. More information on how to
                                        cancel can be found on Apple’s website. Once you have cancelled your Premium
                                        Service and received confirmation, no other changes can be made to your account.
                                        The cancellation of a Premium Service will go into effect at the end of your
                                        current billing cycle, and you will have the same level of access to the Premium
                                        Service through the remainder of such billing cycle. For example, if you are
                                        billed on a monthly basis and cancel during a given month, you will be charged
                                        for the entirety of that month and maintain access to the Premium Service
                                        through the end of that month.
There are no refunds for termination or cancellation of your Premium Service. If
                                        you no longer wish to subscribe to a Premium Service, it is your responsibility
                                        to cancel your Premium Service in due time, regardless of whether or not you
                                        actively use the Premium Service.
(c) Fee Changes
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable laws, we may change our prices for
                                        Premium Services at any time. We will give you reasonable notice of any such
                                        pricing changes by posting the new prices on or through the applicable Premium
                                        Service or by sending you an email notification. If you do not wish to pay the
                                        new prices, you can cancel the appropriate Premium Service before the change
                                        going into effect.
3. Contact us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have
                                        questions about our practices, please contact us via email at
                                        welcome@appbakery.ee