Last Updated: March 2024
INTRODUCTION
Happy Frog Learning acting as
https://www.happyfroglearning.com
(“We” or “Us” or “Our”) is committed to ensure Your privacy while providing the most unique services (“Services”). In this policy we refer to You as “user”, “Customer”, “You”, “Your”. If You want to become a Customer of the Service, You need to register and open Your personal account through Our Website. At the time of registration, We ask You to provide Us with a certain amount of personal information. Submission of such personal information is voluntary, but without it You may not be able to receive Our Services. By providing Your personal information, You consent to do so for the purpose of delivering to You the Service.
Pursuant to applicable data protection laws, consider that:
If You live in a country that is a member of the European Economic Area, the way your data is processed and the current Privacy Policy shall be governed by the General Data Protection Regulation or Regulation [UE] 2016/679("GDPR").
If you live in a country outside the European Economic Area, collection of your personal data shall be governed according to the privacy laws of the State of California, USA.
Our Company is responsible for personal data: Happy Frog Learning, with registered offices in 329 Howe Street #1262, Vancouver, BC, CA V6C3N2.
To contact the representative (Data Protection Officer), You may send an email to:
support@happyfroglearning.com
In order to register and navigate the Platform, you need to be older than 16. We may but are not obligated to use your personal information to verify your age and ensure the enforcement of this restriction.
What Does The Personal Information We Collect Can Include?
Personal Information Provided by You: We collect first name, username, email address, Country, City, Street Address, ZIP/Postal Code.
How do We use Your personal data?
We may use personal information data in-house in order:
To provide and operate the Services;
To develop, customize, expand, and improve Our Services;
To provide You with customer assistance;
To be able to contact You with general or personalized service-related notices and promotional messages/emails;
To enhance Our data security and fraud prevention capabilities;
And To comply with any applicable laws and regulations.
To which extent and to whom does We disclose your personal data?
We use personal information collected via Our Services for a variety of business purposes described below. We process Your personal information for these purposes in reliance on Our legitimate business interests, in order to enter into or perform a contract with You, with Your consent, and/or for compliance with Our legal obligations. We indicate the specific processing grounds We rely on next to each purpose listed below.
We use the information We collect or receive:
To facilitate account creation and login process. We use the information You allowed Us to collect to facilitate account creation and login process for the performance of the contract;
To send administrative information to You. We may use Your personal information to send You product, service and other related information and/or information about changes to Our terms, conditions, and policies.
Fulfill and manage Your purchases. We may use Your information to fulfill and manage Your purchases made through Our Website;
To enforce Our terms, conditions and policies for Business Purposes, Legal Reasons and Contractual;
To manage User Account. We may use Your information for the purposes of managing Your account and keeping it in working order;
To respond to legal requests and prevent harm. If We receive a subpoena or other legal request, We may need to inspect the data We hold to determine how to respond. We may disclose aggregate information about Users for such legal purposes;
To deliver services to the user. We may use Your information to provide You with the Services/Products.
For other Business Purposes. We may use Your information for other Business Purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of Our promotional campaigns, to evaluate and improve Our Services, products, marketing and Your experience. We will not use identifiable personal information without Your consent.
Will Your information be shared with anyone?
When You create an account with Us You give Your consent that We may process or share data based on the following legal basis:
Legitimate Interests: We may process Your data when it is reasonably necessary to achieve Our legitimate business interests.
Legal Obligations: if We reasonably suspect that Your Account has been used for an unauthorized, illegal, or criminal purpose, You give Us express authorization to share information about You, Your Account, and any of Your transactions with law enforcement.
We may disclose Your information where We are legally required to do so in order to comply with applicable law, governmental requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena (including in response to public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements).
Vital Interests: We may disclose Your information where We believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding potential violations of Our policies, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person and illegal activities, or as evidence in litigation in which We are involved.
For How Long Do We Keep Your Information?
We keep Your information at least for 2 years or otherwise as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy policy unless otherwise required by law.
We will only keep Your personal information for as long as it is necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy policy, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (such as tax, accounting or other legal requirements).
When We have no ongoing legitimate business need to process Your personal information, We will either delete or anonymize it, or, if this is not possible then We will securely store Your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
If You claim Your personal information to be deleted and Your account with Our Services to be cancelled, We will cancel Your account and information associated with it to exercise Your right “to be forgotten”.
Where do We store Your data?
We store Your data on Our servers and We also use third-party storage providers to keep Your Data. Our data storage providers are contractually committed to protect and secure your data. Third-Party Service Providers that store or process your Personal Information are contractually committed to keep it protected and secured, in accordance with industry standards and regardless of any lesser legal requirements which may apply in their jurisdiction.
Account Information
If You would at any time like to review or change the information in Your account You can log into Your account settings and update Your account or request such changes by notifying Us at
support@happyfroglearning.com
.
Opting out of email marketing
You can unsubscribe from Our marketing email list at any time by contacting Us via Our Contact Center by email at
support@happyfroglearning.com
. You will then be removed from the marketing email list; however, We will still need to send You service-related emails that are necessary for the administration and use of Your account.
Users Outside of the U.S.
In order to provide the Services/Products to You, We have the right to transfer your data to the area or Service provision and process it there. By visiting or using our Services, you consent to storage of your data on servers located in the country of Our residence. Specifically, personal data collected in the United Kingdom (“UK”), Switzerland, and the European Economic Area (“EEA”) may be transferred and stored outside those areas.
California Residents Privacy Rights
If You are located in California this provision applies to You. California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits Our Customers who are California residents to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, information about categories of personal information (if any) We disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of all third parties with which We shared personal information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If You are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit Your request in writing to Us using the contact information provided below.
If You are under 18 years of age, reside in California, and have a registered account with Our Website, You have the right to request removal of unwanted data that You publicly post on the Services. To request removal of such data, please contact Us using the contact information provided below, and include the email address associated with Your account and a statement that You reside in California. We will make sure the data is not publicly displayed on the Services, but please be aware that the data may not be completely or comprehensively removed from Our systems.
California Privacy Disclosure:
Under the California Consumer Privacy Protection Act (CCPA), We are required to provide you with information about the information We may collect, the purpose for which We collect such information, the sources of that information, and the categories of third parties with whom We share that information. Please see the “What Personal Information We Collect Includes” section above.
Notice to Residents of the State of Nevada:
If You are a resident of Nevada, You have the right to opt-out of the sale of certain personal information to third parties who intend to license or sell that personal information. You can exercise this right by contacting Us at
support@happyfroglearning.com
and providing Us with Your name and the email address associated with Your account. Please kindly note that We do not currently sell Your personal information as sales are defined in Nevada Revised Statutes Chapter 603A.
DMCA Rights
As required by law We will respond to all claims of intellectual property infringement. We will promptly investigate notices of alleged infringement and will take appropriate actions required under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, Title 17, United States Code, Section 512(c)(2) ("DMCA") and other applicable intellectual property laws. Pursuant to the DMCA, notifications of claimed copyright infringement should be sent to a Service Provider's Designated Agent. Notification must be submitted to the following Designated Agent for these sites:
Name: Happy Frog Learning
Address: 329 Howe Street #1262, Vancouver, BC, CA V6C3N2
Email:
support@happyfroglearning.com
Changes
From time to time, we may update this Privacy Policy. If we make any material change to it, we will notify you via email, through a notification posted on the Services, or as required by applicable law. We will also include a summary of the key changes. Unless stated otherwise, modifications will become effective on the day they are posted.
As permitted by applicable law, if you continue to use the Services after the effective date of any change, then your access and/or use will be deemed an acceptance of (and agreement to follow and be bound by) the revised Privacy Policy. The revised Privacy Policy supersedes any previous Privacy Policies.