LPG stations
List of countries
Route planner
Search for stations
Fuel prices
Adapters and connectors
Download station POIs
myLPG.eu app
Convert to LPG
What is LPG?
Why convert?
Savings calculator
LPG installers
LPG systems
Useful information
Other LPG companies
About
About myLPG.eu
Contact
Author
Statistics
Sitemap
Legal
Advertise on myLPG.eu
FAQ
en
en
de
pl
nl
fr
it
es
ru
cz
Home
Legal
Legal
Disclaimer
The information contained in this website is for general information purposes only. The information is provided by "myLPG.eu" and whilst we endeavour to keep the information up-to-date and correct, we make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability or availability with respect to the website or the information, products, services, or related graphics contained on the website for any purpose. Any reliance you place on such information is therefore strictly at your own risk.
In no event will we be liable for any loss or damage including without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any loss or damage whatsoever arising from loss of data or profits arising out of, or in connection with, the use of this website.
Through this website you are able to link to other websites which are not under the control of "myLPG.eu". We have no control over the nature, content and availability of those sites. The inclusion of any links does not necessarily imply a recommendation or endorse the views expressed within them.
Every effort is made to keep the website up and running smoothly. However, "myLPG.eu" takes no responsibility for, and will not be liable for, the website being temporarily unavailable due to technical issues beyond our control.
Terms of Service
1. The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
2. Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
3. Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
4. You may not use any linking, deep-linking, framing or page-scraping technology, robots, spiders or other automatic devices, programs, algorithms or methodologies, or any similar or equivalent manual processes, to access, acquire, copy, distribute, display or monitor any portion of the website or any content, or in any way reproduce or circumvent the navigational structure or presentation of the website or any content, to obtain or attempt to obtain any materials, documents or information through any means not purposely made available through the website.
5. The copyright in the contents and any downloads from this website is owned by "myLPG.eu" or its subsidiaries unless otherwise stated. All rights reserved.
You are responsible for obeying all applicable copyright laws. We permit you to make copies of this website as necessary incidental acts during your viewing of it, and you may take a print for your personal use of so much of the site as is reasonable for private purposes. All other use is strictly prohibited.
Privacy Policy
We do NOT profile our visitors in any way.
Like most web sites, our web servers log IP addresses, browser and platform type, date and time, referring pages and input data only for the purpose of overall statistical analysis of web site usage patterns. We also use tracking mechanisms such as Matomo in order to collect statistical data about visits to our site. Matomo is installed on-site and is using anonymized data and without cookies.
We collect personal contact information (such as your email address) if you sign up for "myLPG.eu" notifications or if you submit a comment or report. Email address is not visible to public.
If you would like to remove your email address from myLPG.eu storage, please contact us at info@myLPG.eu
We reserve the right to delete any comments we find offensive, malicious, spammy, or out of line.
In the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third-party advertisers may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser or use web beacons to collect information. You can manage your cookies preferences through the relevant mechanisms in your web browser (see the preferences or options menus). Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on this site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on their visit to this site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy (http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html).
myLPG.eu is a participant in the Amazon EU Associates Programme, an affiliate advertising programme designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.co.uk
myLPG.eu app uses AdMob for marketing.
Links to their Privacy Policy and additional information:
- https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
- https://support.google.com/admob/answer/9012903?hl=en-GB
- https://support.google.com/admob/answer/2753860#Interest_based
App needs Location permission to show you your current location on the map and to list nearest stations on your location. These coordinates are not sent anywhere.
App is free to use, but has some features locked (eg. route planner). It is possible to unlock these features with subscriptions. Subscriptions renew automatically and your credit card will be charged at the end of each billing period, unless you unsubscribe at least 24 hours before. After cancelation, you will not receive the refund for the current billing period.
Link to Google Play Payments and subscriptions
https://play.google.com/store/account/subscriptions
Price sources
energy.eu
petrol.ba
petrol.hr
eestiautogaas.ee and viispluss.ee
carburants.gouv.fr
statoil.lv
petrol.me
carbu.vroom.be
lukoil.com.mk
autogas.pt
petrol.co.rs
petrol.si
belorusneft.by
iocl.com
afdc.energy.gov
All logos and company names are trademarks™ or registered® trademarks of their respective holders. Use of them does not imply any affiliation with or endorsement by them.
Subscribe
and be informed
Click here for the form