Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
"Learning Loops":
educational apps.
MATHS LOOPS
The Times Tables
& four operations + − × ÷
made so Easy.
Maths Loops
MATH L⊗⊕ps: Easy game of Basic Maths. Ages 4 to 9+
Speed Up your kids Times Tables & x ÷ + −   All Tables from 1 to 12
Selected by
tiching
as one of the best app for starter's maths:
"...
very simple and intuitive
: Students will focus all their attention on the operations that are presented on the screen, trying to solve them successfully...
"
"...
success-oriented app
: The purpose of this resource is to review and strengthen the learning of basic operations
..."
blog.tiching.com
Download    MATHS LOOPS
MathyBot
Mental Calculation game.
Game mode one&one
or play against MathyBot.
For all ages.
Download     MathyBot
calculetes
Mental Calculation Game.
Three available levels:
- Easy
- Medium
- Master
c a l c u l e t s
Simple brain training maths.
Combine the bubbles to reach the target value.
"calculets" challenge :
▷ Work out the exact result
How to play:
▷ To calculate: Drag bubbles into +, -, × & ÷
▷ To undo: Double-tap on the bubble
▷ To resolve: Achieve the target value in the right bottom corner
Download     c a l c u l e t s
cal-cool
a
Mental Calculation game.
Simple & fun.
For all ages.
c a l - c o o l a
Simple brain training maths.
Combine the tiles to reach the target value.
"cal-coola" challenge :
▷ Work out the exact result, or a close enough one.
▷ The sooner you solve it, the more points you gain.
How to play:
▷ To calculate: Drag tiles into +, -, × & ÷
▷ To undo: Double-tap on the tile
▷ To resolve: Drag your computed tile to the target box
Download     c a l - c o o l a
MATHS LOOPS
:
ADDITION & SUBTRACTION
Long Additions and Subtractions.
Column method.
With or without carrying.
Maths Loops: Addition & Subtraction
Practise column additions and subtractions.
With and without carrying or borrowing.
Handwrite the numbers as if it was a real paper worksheet.
Even better: You can use the whole pad to write each number!
Download     Maths Loops: Addition and Subtraction
MATHS LOOPS
MULTIPLICATION
Long Multiplication Drills.
It shows your errors as you solve the exercise.
Maths Loops: Multiplication
Long column multiplication.
Handwrite the numbers, one by one, as if it was a real paper worksheet. Even better: You can use the whole pad to write each number!
Maths Loops Multiplication will identify and check your numbers as you handwrite them. It will highlight your mistakes as you are solving the exercise. It will show and correct up to two mistakes in each multiplication. One more mistake... and you have to start it over ;)
With and without carrying and regrouping.
Three increasing difficulty levels and over 70 pages with free exercises (upgrade to full version for 1440 multiplications).
Each page solved uncovers a piece of an impressive animal's picture.
Download     Maths Loops: Multiplication
QuestiOnMap
A game to locate US States
and countries of the 5 continents
QuestiOnMap
A Game to Test your Knowledge of Maps
▷  Practise & Learn: USA States and Countries of the 5 continents
▷  Simple and easy game of Geography
QuestiOnMap is a quiz through the names of:
USA states
Countries of Europe
Countries of North and Central America
Countries of South America
Countries of Asia
Countries of Africa
Countries of Oceania
Regions of Spain
Provinces of Spain
Download     QuestiOnMap
PRIVACY POLICY
Learning Loops DOES NOT COLLECT ANY DATA from the end users’ app sessions.
No “personal information” are collected.
All the Learning Loops apps run on the local device and do not communicate with remote servers.
Only the FREE version of the apps could use the network for the AdMob advertising service. AdMob is a leading global mobile advertising network and our apps rely on Admob COPPA Compliance: http://www.admob.com/home/privacy
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
Learning Loops may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. Use of information we collect now is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is used. If we make changes in the way we use Personal Information, we will notify you by changing this document and posting on our website. Users are bound by any changes to the Privacy Policy after such notice has been provided.
QUESTIONS OR CONCERNS
If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policies, please
contact us
.We will make every effort to resolve your concerns.
Contact:  mathsrings@gmail.com
Google Sites
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it