By tapping Accept All Cookies, you agree to store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Learn more
Accept all cookies
By tapping Accept All Cookies, you agree to store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Learn more
Accept all cookies
13:41:00
Tarneeb Game Guide
Trix Game Guide
Hand Game Guide
Baloot Guide
Estimation Guide
Basra Guide
Hokum Guide
Kout Game Guide
Nathala Guide
Bent Al Sbeet and Leekha Guide
عربي
Jawaker
Login
Register Now
Redeem
Privacy Policy, Terms & Conditions
This Privacy Policy applies to Jawaker’s games, sites, store, and related services (collectively the “Service”). The Privacy Policy and Terms & Conditions may be changed or updated occasionally to meet new requirements and standards. Therefore, Customers are encouraged to frequently visit this section to get updates on the changes on the website. Modifications will be effective on the day they are posted.
What we collect
Profile information provided by you, such as email, nickname, country, profile photo, gender, year of birth
Data about your use of the Service, such as gameplay data, purchases, in-game currency earned/spent, and interactions with other players inside the Service
Your messages to the Service, such as chat logs, and any other data you choose to give us through player support tickets and surveys
Data about your account such as an internal account ID, account creation time, and other game progress data such as user level
Data about your device, such as device model, device ID, advertising ID, operating system, carrier, browser type and language
Your IP address, and approximate location data derived from that IP
APN and Play push notification tokens
Data we collect from or share with our partners
Data we receive if you link third-party social profiles with the Service (such as Facebook)
Demographic data (such as to determine the coarse location of your IP address)
Data to fight fraud (such as refund abuse in games or click fraud in advertising)
Data from platforms that the games run on (such as to verify payment).
Data for advertising and analytics purposes, so we can provide you a better Service
Data for marketing attribution
Data to fight fraud (such as Apple’s refund)*
How we use your data
Jawaker will never release or sell any personal information to any third party except to meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request, or when there is a violation of our Terms & Conditions Agreement.
Your data is used for a variety of business purposes, such as:
To create an account for you to play our games and use our Service
To verify and confirm your payments
To send you Service-related communications, such as updates, security alerts, and offers
To continuously develop and improve the Service and give you a better player experience
To allow you to communicate and interact with other players through our social features
To customize your service experience
To provide you with assistance and customer support, and reply to your comments and questions
To provide you with offers and updates in the Service, on other website and services, and by email
To collect your feedback and product requests
To deliver, target and improve our advertising campaigns
To keep the Service safe and fair by analysing and monitoring the use of the Service and its social features, and taking action against fraudulent or misbehaving players
To analyze, profile, and segment players
We may send you push notifications through our mobile applications. You may at any time opt-out from receiving these types of communications by changing the settings on your mobile device.
Be advised that if you send messages or post material containing personal information, that information may be collected and used by others.
The Service may contain links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other web sites. If you provide any information to such third parties you need to be aware that different rules regarding the collection and use of your personal information may apply. You should contact these entities directly if you have any questions about their use of the information that they collect.
Security
Your privacy is important to us. We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting your information and as such we take appropriate steps to ensure data privacy and security including through various hardware and software methodologies, and are continuously developing and implementing administrative, technical and physical security measures to protect your data from unauthorized access or against loss, misuse or alteration.
Access the personal data we hold about you and the right to forget
If you request, we will provide you a copy of your personal data in an electronic format. You also have the right to correct your data, have your data deleted, object to how we use or share your data, and restrict how we use or share your data.
If you wish to exercise any of your data subject rights described above please submit a request through our support system or by email on
privacy@jawaker.com
, and we will respond to all requests in accordance with applicable laws and within a reasonable timeframe. To protect your privacy, we may also take additional steps to verify your identity before fulfilling your request, such as by requesting you provide us with a purchase receipt or other account information, and/or asking you to link your email address with your game account.
Data Protection Officer
You can reach our data protection officer at:
Peter Birgersson
Deloitte AB
Rehnsgatan 11
113 79 Stockholm, Sweden
dpo@stillfront.com
Terms & Conditions
By creating or accessing an account on Jawaker you agree to the following terms and conditions.
"JAWAKER FZ LLC" maintains the https://www.jawaker.com/ Website ("Site").
Customers using the website who are minors under the age of 18 shall not register as a User of the website and shall not transact on or use the website.
You agree not to post any abusive, obscene, vulgar, slanderous, hateful, threatening, sexually-oriented or any other material that may violate any applicable laws.
You agree not to post any links or materials that may result in disrupting the service for other players (e.g. all types of viruses, worms, scripts, phishing pages, etc).
You agree not to attempt to gain unauthorized access to the website or any of the accounts registered to others or to the computers, servers, networks connected to Jawaker by any means other than the user interface provided by Jawaker.
You agree not to take advantage of any loopholes to circumvent the system.
You will be held responsible for any actions that happen through your account.
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your login Information, and ensuring that no other users can access your account. In the event that your account is accessed illegally, you must notify Jawaker immediately.
You agree not to impersonate any public and / or governmental figures, celebrities, or any other player on Jawaker.
You agree not to falsely mislead other players to think you are part of the Jawaker management, or a supervisor on Jawaker, or any official Jawaker person.
You agree not to use Jawaker to create any political or religious organizations, or organize peaceful or non-peaceful marches, or incite against a specific group of people.
You agree to respect other users and not to attempt to impose any personal opinion on them.
You agree not to insult, offend, or in any other way attack supervisors while performing their duties. Instead, email Jawaker to report any complaints about them.
You agree not to spam other users using the chat box.
In the event that one of the players offended you in any way, you are kindly requested to file a complaint against them and avoid any direct retaliation. Failing to do so will cause you to be held responsible for any actions you take.
You agree not to create or modify any website to look like Jawaker.
Jawaker's management has the right to take any penalty it deems appropriate against any player who violates the rules and regulations, this includes, but is not limited to, banning the player temporarily or permanently from using some of Jawaker's features, or suspending the user’s account temporarily or permanently.
Basha subscribers are entitled to use the full features of their subscription as they see fit, these features include kicking unwanted players out of their games, pausing the game, changing game parameters, changing seats, and creating a password-protected game.
Public Jawaker page admins are entitled to remove any announcement or comment they don't deem appropriate without informing the user or stating any reasons, moreover, any users who don’t adhere to the following rules will be banned from using any Jawaker public page:
Posting the names of other players, or any offensive or abusive content, or any material on any Jawaker public page that is not related to Jawaker is strictly prohibited.
Advertising other pages, websites, or companies on any Jawake public page is prohibited.
You agree not to be a part of any fraudulent activity on Jawaker in any way.
Game organizers must not kick players out of games without a legitimate reason for doing so.
It is the responsibility of the organizer to follow up, supervise, and manage their games. Any cases of fraud or attempts to cheat must not be overlooked.
The game organizer has the right to accept or reject any join requests submitted to them.
The Jawaker management has the right to reject any inappropriate or suspicious methods of purchase.
Any attempts to make a purchase using fraudulent or stolen credit cards will result in the immediate deletion of items purchased and permanent suspension of the account.
In the event of a delay in the delivery of the purchase SMS or email confirmation, the player is kindly requested to send a help request with their username and any relevant details to Jawaker customer service.
The Jawaker management holds the right to amend its prices at any time whether by increasing or decreasing them.
The Jawaker management holds the right to stop any of the current methods of payment, given that users are notified ahead of time.
Unless otherwise stated, due to the nature of the service provided by Jawaker, we do not offer refunds on any tokens purchased through our system.
The Jawaker management holds the right to take legal action against anyone who tries to defraud the site.
All items will automatically expire accounts inactive for two or more years.
The United Arab Emirates (UAE) is our country of domicile and the governing law is the local UAE law. All disputes arising in connection therewith shall be heard only by a court of competent jurisdiction in the UAE.
Jawaker reserves the right to remove certain items that don't fit Jawaker due to some changes, such as design improvements or technical changes. Jawaker will provide a fair compensation to the affected users accordingly.
All purchases made on our platform are final and non-refundable due to the digital nature of our products.
No exceptions will be made to this policy. Once a purchase is made, it cannot be refunded under any circumstances.
Jawaker reserves the right to modify, update, or alter any items owned by players within the game, including but not limited to emotes, tables, badges, or any other in-game items.
Refund Policy
Please note that all purchases made on our platform are final and non-refundable due to the digital nature of our products.
It is your responsibility to understand this policy before making a purchase. By proceeding with the payment, you are agreeing to these terms.
No exceptions will be made to this policy. Once a purchase is made, it cannot be refunded under any circumstances.
Please make sure you review these points carefully and understand our non-refundable cancellation policy before making a purchase
If a refund is issued, Jawaker reserves the right to revoke any tokens or items that were purchased, including those that have been transferred to other accounts.
Jawaker Premium Subscription Service
Introduction to Subscription Tiers
Our mobile gaming app now offers the Premium Subscription service, which is divided into three tiers: Silver, Gold, and Royal. Each tier offers a set of exclusive custom items, daily tokens, and enhanced daily rewards compared to non-subscription-based gameplay. The specific benefits associated with each tier are detailed in the Subscription section of our app.
Subscription Fees and Payment
The subscription fee for each tier will be charged to your payment method on the first day of the subscription period. Subscriptions are integrated with the digital storefront (for example, Google Play Store and Apple App Store), and payments will be processed through your account with the respective platform. The current subscription fee and payment cycle will be displayed in the app at the time of the purchase.
Renewal and Cancellation
Subscriptions automatically renew each month. You may cancel your subscription at any time to stop future payments. To cancel, please follow the subscription management instructions provided by the Digital Storefront. Upon cancellation, you will continue to receive subscription benefits until the end of the current billing cycle. To the extend permitted by the applicable law, we do not provide refunds or credits for any partial subscription periods.
Changes to Subscription Tiers and Pricing
We reserve the right to modify the subscription tiers, pricing, and benefits at any time. Any changes will be communicated through the app and/or via email to current subscribers. Changes will take effect at the start of the next billing cycle following the announcement of such changes.
Refunds and Credits
Given the digital nature of the content and the instant access provided upon purchase, we do not offer refunds for any subscription payments.
Liability Limitations
We are not liable for any issues regarding payment, subscription management, or access to subscription benefits that are directly caused by the digital storefront. Any disputes related to payment or subscription management should be directed to the customer service of the respective platform.
Acceptance of Terms
By subscribing to our Premium Subscription service, you agree to these terms and conditions. It is your responsibility to review the terms periodically for any changes. Your continued use of the subscription service after any changes signifies your acceptance of those changes.
Cookies Policy
Our services use cookies and other similar technologies, such as local storage, to help provide you with a better, faster, and safer experience.
What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files placed on your computer or device as you browse the Internet. Cookies can be used to collect, store and share bits of information about your activities across websites, including on Jawaker. They also allow us to remember things about your visit to Jawaker, such as your preferred language and other choices/settings and generally make the site easier for you to use.
Local storage is an industry-standard technology that allows a website or application to store information locally on your computer or mobile device. We use local storage to store what we show you based on your past interactions with our services.
Why do we use cookies?
Our services use these technologies to deliver, measure, and improve our services in various ways. These uses generally fall into one of the following categories:
1) Authentication and security
To log you into Jawaker.
To protect your security.
To let you to view content with limited distribution.
For example, these technologies help authenticate your access to Jawaker and prevent unauthorized parties from accessing your account. They also let us show you appropriate content through our services.
2) Preferences
To remember information about your browser and your preferences.
To remember your settings and other choices you have made.
For example, cookies help us remember your preferred language. We can then provide you with Jawaker content in your preferred language without having to ask you each time you visit Jawaker.
3) Analytics and Research
To help us improve and understand how people use our services.
For example, cookies help us test different versions of our services to see, which particular features or content users prefer.
To help us better understand how people use our services, we work with Google Analytics, To find out more about their cookies and the privacy choices they offer, please visit the following
link.
What are my privacy options?
You have a number of options to control or limit how Jawaker and third-parties tools use cookies.
When you first access the site, it will let you know that we use cookies – by continuing to use or access the site, you are consenting to our use of cookies and related technologies as described in this policy. Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can modify your browser setting to limit or decline cookies by visiting your browser’s help page. If you choose to decline cookies, please note that you may not be able to sign in, customize, or use some features of the Services.
How can I contact Jawaker if I have a question about cookies?
If you have any questions about our use of cookies, please contact
privacy@jawaker.com
*If you don’t wish to share your info please contact us on contactus@jawaker.com
©
2025
JawakerAll Rights Reserved.
App Store
•
Play Store
•
Blog
•
About Jawaker
•
Contact us
•
Privacy and Terms
•
Service Prices
•
Advertisements
•
Jobs
•
Help
×
Sign up with Facebook