Owner and Data Controller
Irina Schens, Seelbergstrasse 5, 97072 Würzburg (Germany)
Owner contact email:
info@schensapps.com
Types of Data collected
Among the types of Personal Data that this Application collects, by itself or through third parties, there are:
      payment data; Usage Data.
Complete details on each type of Personal Data collected are provided in the dedicated sections of this privacy policy or by specific explanation texts displayed prior to the Data collection.
Personal Data may be freely provided by the User, or, in case of Usage Data, collected automatically when using this Application.
Unless specified otherwise, all Data requested by this Application is mandatory and failure to provide this Data may make it impossible for this Application to provide its services. In cases where this Application specifically states that some Data is not mandatory, Users are free not to communicate this Data without consequences to the availability or the functioning of the Service.
Users who are uncertain about which Personal Data is mandatory are welcome to contact the Owner.
Any use of Cookies – or of other tracking tools — by this Application or by the owners of third-party services used by this Application serves the purpose of providing the Service required by the User, in addition to any other purposes described in the present document.
Users are responsible for any third-party Personal Data obtained, published or shared through this Application.
Mode and place of processing the Data
Methods of processing
The Owner takes appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, or unauthorized destruction of the Data.
The Data processing is carried out using computers and/or IT enabled tools, following organizational procedures and modes strictly related to the purposes indicated. In addition to the Owner, in some cases, the Data may be accessible to certain types of persons in charge, involved with the operation of this Application (administration, sales, marketing, legal, system administration) or external parties (such as third-party technical service providers, mail carriers, hosting providers, IT companies, communications agencies) appointed, if necessary, as Data Processors by the Owner. The updated list of these parties may be requested from the Owner at any time.
Place
The Data is processed at the Owner's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located.
Depending on the User's location, data transfers may involve transferring the User's Data to a country other than their own. To find out more about the place of processing of such transferred Data, Users can check the section containing details about the processing of Personal Data.
Retention time
Unless specified otherwise in this document, Personal Data shall be processed and stored for as long as required by the purpose they have been collected for and may be retained for longer due to applicable legal obligation or based on the Users’ consent.
The purposes of processing
The Data concerning the User is collected to allow the Owner to provide its Service, comply with its legal obligations, respond to enforcement requests, protect its rights and interests (or those of its Users or third parties), detect any malicious or fraudulent activity, as well as the following:
        Handling payments and Platform services and hosting.
For specific information about the Personal Data used for each purpose, the User may refer to the section “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data”.
Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data
Personal Data is collected for the following purposes and using the following services:
Handling payments
Unless otherwise specified, this Application processes any payments by credit card, bank transfer or other means via external payment service providers. In general and unless where otherwise stated, Users are requested to provide their payment details and personal information directly to such payment service providers.   This Application isn't involved in the collection and processing of such information: instead, it will only receive a notification by the relevant payment service provider as to whether payment has been successfully completed.
Payments processed via the Apple App Store (Apple Inc.)
This Application uses a payment service provided by Apple Inc. that allows the Owner to offer the purchase of the app itself or in-app purchases.
Personal Data processed to complete the purchases are processed by Apple, as described in the
privacy policy for the App Store
.
Personal Data processed: payment data.
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Category of Personal Information collected according to the CCPA: commercial information.
This processing constitutes:
Platform services and hosting
These services have the purpose of hosting and running key components of this Application, therefore allowing the provision of this Application from within a unified platform. Such platforms provide a wide range of tools to the Owner  –  e.g. analytics, user registration, commenting, database management, e-commerce, payment processing – that imply the collection and handling of Personal Data.
Some of these services work through geographically distributed servers, making it difficult to determine the actual location where the Personal Data are stored.
App Store Connect (Apple Inc.)
This Application is distributed on Apple's App Store, a platform for the distribution of mobile apps, provided by Apple Inc.
App Store Connect enables the Owner to manage this Application on Apple's App Store. Depending on the configuration, App Store Connect provides the Owner with analytics data on user engagement and app discovery, marketing campaigns, sales, in-app purchases, and payments to measure the performance of this Application.
App Store Connect only collects such data from Users who have agreed to share them with the Owner. Users may find more information on how to opt out via their device settings
here
.
Personal Data processed: Usage Data.
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Category of Personal Information collected according to the CCPA: internet or other electronic network activity information.
This processing constitutes:
Further information about the processing of Personal Data
Hosting and backend infrastructure
This type of service has the purpose of hosting Data and files that enable this Application to run and be distributed as well as to provide a ready-made infrastructure to run specific features or parts of this Application.
netcup GmbH - web hosting service provider
netcup GmbH is the web hosting service provider placed in Germany.
When you use this Application it may download additional content files from our web hosting server. Because of this, the following data will be collected from your device without your involvement and temporary stored in so-called log-files, until automated deletion after 14 days:
• Name of the retrieved web page or file,
• Date and time of the call,
• Transferred amount of data,
• Message about successful call,
• Browser type and version,
• Operating system of the user,
• IP address.
Place of processing: Germany.
This processing constitutes a sale based on the definition under the CCPA. In addition to the information in this clause, the User can find information regarding how to opt out of the sale in the section detailing the rights of Californian consumers.
Email support
If you contact us by e-mail, we will collect and process your personal data for the purpose of the answering to your request as well as for the supporting you on the possible follow-up questions. Your data will be stored in our system within the scope of the legal storage obligation.
This processing constitutes a sale based on the definition under the CCPA. In addition to the information in this clause, the User can find information regarding how to opt out of the sale in the section detailing the rights of Californian consumers.
Further Information for Users
Legal basis of processing
The Owner may process Personal Data relating to Users if one of the following applies:
Users have given their consent for one or more specific purposes.
provision of Data is necessary for the performance of an agreement with the User and/or for any pre-contractual obligations thereof;
processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which the Owner is subject;
processing is related to a task that is carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the Owner;
processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner or by a third party.
In any case, the Owner will gladly help to clarify the specific legal basis that applies to the processing, and in particular whether the provision of Personal Data is a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract.
Further information about retention time
Unless specified otherwise in this document, Personal Data shall be processed and stored for as long as required by the purpose they have been collected for and may be retained for longer due to applicable legal obligation or based on the Users’ consent.
Therefore:
Personal Data collected for purposes related to the performance of a contract between the Owner and the User shall be retained until such contract has been fully performed.
Personal Data collected for the purposes of the Owner’s legitimate interests shall be retained as long as needed to fulfill such purposes. Users may find specific information regarding the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner within the relevant sections of  this document or by contacting the Owner.
The Owner may be allowed to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever the User has given consent to such processing, as long as such consent is not withdrawn. Furthermore, the Owner may be obliged to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever required to fulfil a legal obligation or upon order of an authority.
Once the retention period expires, Personal Data shall be deleted. Therefore, the right of access, the right to erasure, the right to rectification and the right to data portability cannot be enforced after expiration of the retention period.
The rights of Users based on the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
Users may exercise certain rights regarding their Data processed by the Owner.
In particular, Users have the right to do the following, to the extent permitted by law:
Withdraw their consent at any time.
Users have the right to withdraw consent where they have previously given their consent to the processing of their Personal Data.
Object to processing of their Data.
Users have the right to object to the processing of their Data if the processing is carried out on a legal basis other than consent.
Access their Data.
Users have the right to learn if Data is being processed by the Owner, obtain disclosure regarding certain aspects of the processing and obtain a copy of the Data undergoing processing.
Verify and seek rectification.
Users have the right to verify the accuracy of their Data and ask for it to be updated or corrected.
Restrict the processing of their Data.
Users have the right to restrict the processing of their Data. In this case, the Owner will not process their Data for any purpose other than storing it.
Have their Personal Data deleted or otherwise removed.
Users have the right to obtain the erasure of their Data from the Owner.
Receive their Data and have it transferred to another controller.
Users have the right to receive their Data in a structured, commonly used and machine readable format and, if technically feasible, to have it transmitted to another controller without any hindrance.
Lodge a complaint.
Users have the right to bring a claim before their competent data protection authority.
Users are also entitled to learn about the legal basis for Data transfers abroad including to any international organization governed by public international law or set up by two or more countries, such as the UN, and about the security measures taken by the Owner to safeguard their Data.
Details about the right to object to processing
Where Personal Data is processed for a public interest, in the exercise of an official authority vested in the Owner or for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner, Users may object to such processing by providing a ground related to their particular situation to justify the objection.
Users must know that, however, should their Personal Data be processed for direct marketing purposes, they can object to that processing at any time, free of charge and without providing any justification. Where the User objects to processing for direct marketing purposes, the Personal Data will no longer be processed for such purposes. To learn whether the Owner is processing Personal Data for direct marketing purposes, Users may refer to the relevant sections of this document.
How to exercise these rights
Any requests to exercise User rights can be directed to the Owner through  the contact details provided in this document. Such requests are free of charge and will be answered by the Owner as early as possible and always within one month, providing Users with the information required by law. Any rectification or erasure of Personal Data or restriction of processing will be communicated by the Owner to each recipient, if any, to whom the Personal Data has been disclosed unless this proves impossible or involves disproportionate effort. At the Users’ request, the Owner will inform them about those recipients.
Further information for Users
         in Switzerland
This section applies to Users in Switzerland, and, for such Users, supersedes any other possibly divergent or conflicting information contained in the privacy policy.
Further details regarding the categories of Data processed, the purposes of processing, the categories of recipients of the personal data, if any, the retention period and further information about Personal Data can be found in
the section titled “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data” within this document
.
The rights of Users according to the Swiss Federal Act on Data Protection
Users may exercise certain rights regarding their Data within the limits of law, including the following:
right of access to Personal Data;
right to object to the processing of their Personal Data (which also allows Users to demand that processing of Personal Data be restricted, Personal Data be deleted or destroyed, specific disclosures of Personal Data to third parties be prohibited);
right to receive their Personal Data and have it transferred to another controller (data portability);
right to ask for incorrect Personal Data to be corrected.
How to exercise these rights
Any requests to exercise User rights can be directed to the Owner through  the contact details provided in this document. Such requests are free of charge and will be answered by the Owner as early as possible, providing Users with the information required by law.
Further information for Users
  in Brazil
This section of the document integrates with and supplements the information contained in the rest of the privacy policy and is provided by the entity running this Application and, if the case may be, its parent, subsidiaries and affiliates (for the purposes of this section referred to collectively as “we”, “us”, “our”).
This section applies to all Users in Brazil (Users are referred to below, simply as “you”, “your”, “yours”), according to the "Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados" (the "LGPD"), and for such Users, it supersedes any other possibly divergent or conflicting information contained in the privacy policy.
This part of the document uses the term “personal information“ as it is defined in the
LGPD
.
The grounds on which we process your personal information
We can process your personal information solely if we have a legal basis for such processing. Legal bases are as follows:
your consent to the relevant processing activities;
compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation that lies with us;
the carrying out of public policies provided in laws or regulations or based on contracts, agreements and similar legal instruments;
studies conducted by research entities, preferably carried out on anonymized personal information;
the carrying out of a contract and its preliminary procedures, in cases where you are a party to said contract;
the exercising of our rights in judicial, administrative or arbitration procedures;
protection or physical safety of yourself or a third party;
the protection of health – in procedures carried out by health entities or professionals;
our legitimate interests, provided that your fundamental rights and liberties do not prevail over such interests; and
credit protection.
To find out more about the legal bases, you can contact us at any time using the contact details provided in this document.
Categories of personal information processed
To find out what categories of your personal information are processed, you can read the section titled “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data” within this document.
Why we process your personal information
To find out why we process your personal information, you can read the sections titled “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data” and “The purposes of processing” within this document.
Your Brazilian privacy rights, how to file a request and our response to your requests
Your Brazilian privacy rights
You have the right to:
obtain confirmation of the existence of processing activities on your personal information;
access to your personal information;
have incomplete, inaccurate or outdated personal information rectified;
obtain the anonymization, blocking or elimination of your unnecessary or excessive personal information, or of information that is not being processed in compliance with the LGPD;
obtain information on the possibility to provide or deny your consent and the consequences thereof;
obtain information about the third parties with whom we share your personal information;
obtain, upon your express request, the portability of your personal information (except for anonymized information) to another service or product provider, provided that our commercial and industrial secrets are safeguarded;
obtain the deletion of your personal information being processed if the processing was based upon your consent, unless one or more exceptions provided for in art. 16 of the LGPD apply;
revoke your consent at any time;
lodge a complaint related to your personal information with the ANPD (the National Data Protection Authority) or with consumer protection bodies;
oppose a processing activity in cases where the processing is not carried out in compliance with the provisions of the law;
request clear and adequate information regarding the criteria and procedures used for an automated decision; and
request the review of decisions made solely on the basis of the automated processing of your personal information, which affect your interests. These include decisions to define your personal, professional, consumer and credit profile, or aspects of your personality.
You will never be discriminated against, or otherwise suffer any sort of detriment, if you exercise your rights.
How to file your request
You can file your express request to exercise your rights free from any charge, at any time, by using the contact details provided in this document, or via your legal representative.
How and when we will respond to your request
We will strive to promptly respond to your requests.
In any case, should it be impossible for us to do so, we’ll make sure to communicate to you the factual or legal reasons that prevent us from immediately, or otherwise ever, complying with your requests. In cases where we are not processing your personal information, we will indicate to you the physical or legal person to whom you should address your requests, if we are in the position to do so.
In the event that you file an
access
or personal information
processing confirmation
request, please make sure that you specify whether you’d like your personal information to be delivered in electronic or printed form.
You will also need to let us know whether you want us to answer your request immediately, in which case we will answer in a simplified fashion, or if you need a complete disclosure instead.
In the latter case, we’ll respond within 15 days from the time of your request, providing you with all the information on the origin of your personal information, confirmation on whether or not records exist, any criteria used for the processing and the purposes of the processing, while safeguarding our commercial and industrial secrets.
In the event that you file a
rectification, deletion, anonymization or personal information blocking
request, we will make sure to immediately communicate your request to other parties with whom we have shared your personal information in order to enable such third parties to also comply with your request — except in cases where such communication is proven impossible or involves disproportionate effort on our side.
Transfer of personal information outside of Brazil permitted by the law
We are allowed to transfer your personal information outside of the Brazilian territory in the following cases:
when the transfer is necessary for international legal cooperation between public intelligence, investigation and prosecution bodies, according to the legal means provided by the international law;
when the transfer is necessary to protect your life or physical security or those of a third party;
when the transfer is authorized by the ANPD;
when the transfer results from a commitment undertaken in an international cooperation agreement;
when the transfer is necessary for the execution of a public policy or legal attribution of public service;
when the transfer is necessary for compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation, the carrying out of a contract or preliminary procedures related to a contract, or the regular exercise of rights in judicial, administrative or arbitration procedures.
Further information for Users
    in the United States
This part of the document integrates with and supplements the information contained in the rest of the privacy policy and is provided by the business running this Application and, if the case may be, its parent, subsidiaries and affiliates (for the purposes of this section referred to collectively as “we”, “us”, “our”).
The information contained in this section applies to all Users (Users are referred to below, simply as “you”, “your”, “yours”), who are residents in the following states:
California, Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, Texas, Oregon, Nevada, Delaware, Iowa, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Nebraska and Montana.
For such Users, this information supersedes any other possibly divergent or conflicting provisions contained in the privacy policy.
This part of the document uses the term Personal Information
    (and Sensitive Personal Information).
Notice at collection
The following Notice at collection provides you with timely notice about the
categories of Personal Information collected or disclosed in the past 12 months
so that you can exercise meaningful control over our use of that Information.
While such categorization of Personal Information is mainly based on California privacy laws, it can also be helpful for anyone who is not a California resident to get a general idea of what types of Personal Information are collected.
Commercial information
Personal Information collected or disclosed:
Sensitive Personal Information collected or disclosed ℹ️:
payment data
Purposes:
Handling payments
Retention period:
for the time necessary to fulfill the purpose
Sold or Shared ℹ️:
Yes
Targeted Advertising: ℹ️:
Yes
Third-parties:
Apple Inc.
Internet or other electronic network activity information
Personal Information collected or disclosed:
Usage Data
Purposes:
Platform services and hosting
Retention period:
for the time necessary to fulfill the purpose
Sold or Shared ℹ️:
Yes
Targeted Advertising: ℹ️:
Yes
Third-parties:
Apple Inc.
ℹ️ You can read the definitions of these concepts inside the “
Definitions and legal references section
” of the privacy policy.
To know more about your rights in particular to opt out of certain processing activities and to limit the use of your sensitive personal information (“Limit the Use of My Sensitive Personal Information”) you can refer to the “
Your privacy rights under US state laws
” section of our privacy policy.
For more details on the collection of Personal Information, please read the section “
Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data
” of our privacy policy.
We won’t process your Information for unexpected purposes, or for purposes that are not reasonably necessary to and compatible with the purposes originally disclosed, without your consent.
What are the sources of the Personal Information we collect?
We collect the above-mentioned categories of Personal Information, either directly or indirectly, from you when you use this Application.
For example, you directly provide your Personal Information when you submit requests via any forms on this Application. You also provide Personal Information indirectly when you navigate this Application, as Personal Information about you is automatically observed and collected.
Finally, we may collect your Personal Information from third parties that work with us in connection with the Service or with the functioning of this Application and features thereof.
Your privacy rights under US state laws
You may exercise certain rights regarding your Personal Information. In particular, to the extent permitted by applicable law, you have:
the right to access Personal Information: the right to know.
You have the right to request that we confirm whether or not we are processing your Personal Information. You also have the right to access such Personal Information;
the right to correct inaccurate Personal Information.
You have the right to request that we correct any inaccurate Personal Information we maintain about you;
the right to request the deletion of your Personal Information.
You have the right to request that we delete any of your Personal Information;
the right to obtain a copy of your Personal Information.
We will provide your Personal Information in a portable and usable format that allows you to transfer data easily to another entity – provided that this is technically feasible;
the right to opt out from the Sale of your Personal Information;
We will not discriminate against you for exercising your privacy rights.
the right to non-discrimination.
Additional rights for Users residing in California
In addition to the rights listed above common to all Users in the United States, as a User residing in California, you have
The right to opt out of the Sharing of your Personal Information
for cross-context behavioral advertising;
The right to request to limit our use or disclosure of your Sensitive Personal Information
to only that which is necessary to perform the services or provide the goods, as is reasonably expected by an average consumer. Please note that certain exceptions outlined in the law may apply, such as, when the collection and processing of Sensitive Personal Information is necessary to verify or maintain the quality or safety of our service.
Additional rights for Users residing in Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, Texas, Oregon, Nevada, Delaware, Iowa, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Nebraska and Montana
In addition to the rights listed above common to all Users in the United States, as a User residing in Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, Texas, Oregon, Nevada, Delaware, Iowa, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Nebraska and Montana you have
The right to opt out of
the processing of your personal information for
Targeted Advertising or profiling
in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you;
The right to freely give, deny or withdraw your consent for the processing of your Sensitive Personal Information.
Please note that certain exceptions outlined in the law may apply, such as, but not limited to, when the collection and processing of Sensitive Personal Information is necessary for the provision of a product or service specifically requested by the consumer.
Additional rights for users residing in Utah and Iowa
In addition to the rights listed above common to all Users in the United States, as a User residing in Utah and Iowa, you have
The right to opt out of
the processing of your Personal Information for
Targeted Advertising
;
The right to opt out of the processing of your Sensitive Personal Information.
Please note that certain exceptions outlined in the law may apply, such as, but not limited to, when the collection and processing of Sensitive Personal Information is necessary for the provision of a product or service specifically requested by the consumer.
How to exercise your privacy rights under US state laws
To exercise the rights described above, you need to submit your request to us by contacting us via the contact details provided in this document.
For us to respond to your request, we must know who you are. We will not respond to any request if we are unable to verify your identity and therefore confirm the Personal Information in our possession relates to you. You are not required to create an account with us to submit your request. We will use any Personal Information collected from you in connection with the verification of your request solely for verification and shall not further disclose the Personal Information, retain it longer than necessary for purposes of verification, or use it for unrelated purposes.
If you are an adult, you can make a request on behalf of a child under your parental authority.
How to exercise your rights to opt out
In addition to what is stated above, to exercise your right to opt-out of Sale or Sharing and Targeted Advertising you can also use the privacy choices link provided on this Application.
If you want to submit requests to opt out of Sale or Sharing and Targeted Advertising activities via a user-enabled
global privacy control
, such as for example the Global Privacy Control (“
GPC
”), you are free to do so and we will abide by such request in a frictionless manner.
How and when we are expected to handle your request
We will respond to your request without undue delay, but in all cases within the timeframe required by applicable law. Should we need more time, we will explain to you the reasons why, and how much more time we need.
Should we deny your request, we will explain to you the reasons behind our denial (where envisaged by applicable law you may then contact the relevant authority to submit a complaint).
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your request unless such request is manifestly unfounded or excessive and in all other cases where it is permitted by the applicable law. In such cases, we may charge a reasonable fee or refuse to act on the request. In either case, we will communicate our choices and explain the reasons behind them.
Additional information about Data collection and processing
Legal action
The User's Personal Data may be used for legal purposes by the Owner in Court or in the stages leading to possible legal action arising from improper use of this Application or the related Services.
The User declares to be aware that the Owner may be required to reveal personal data upon request of public authorities.
Additional information about User's Personal Data
In addition to the information contained in this privacy policy, this Application may provide the User with additional and contextual information concerning particular Services or the collection and processing of Personal Data upon request.
System logs and maintenance
For operation and maintenance purposes, this Application and any third-party services may collect files that record interaction with this Application (System logs) or use other Personal Data (such as the IP Address) for this purpose.
Information not contained in this policy
More details concerning the collection or processing of Personal Data may be requested from the Owner at any time. Please see the contact information at the beginning of this document.
Changes to this privacy policy
The Owner reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time by notifying its Users on this page and possibly within this Application and/or - as far as technically and legally feasible - sending a notice to Users via any contact information available to the Owner. It is strongly recommended to check this page often, referring to the date of the last modification listed at the bottom.
Should the changes affect processing activities performed on the basis of the User’s consent, the Owner shall collect new consent from the User, where required.
Definitions and legal references
Personal Data (or Data)
          / Personal Information (or Information)
Any information that directly, indirectly, or in connection with other information — including a personal identification number — allows for the identification or identifiability of a natural person.
Sensitive Personal Information
Sensitive Personal Information means any Personal Information  that is not publicly available and reveals information considered sensitive according to the applicable privacy law.
Usage Data
Information collected automatically through this Application (or third-party services employed in this Application), which can include: the IP addresses or domain names of the computers utilized by the Users who use this Application, the URI addresses (Uniform Resource Identifier), the time of the request, the method utilized to submit the request to the server, the size of the file received in response, the numerical code indicating the status of the server's answer (successful outcome, error, etc.), the country of origin, the features of the browser and the operating system utilized by the User, the various time details per visit (e.g., the time spent on each page within the Application) and the details about the path followed within the Application with special reference to the sequence of pages visited, and other parameters about the device operating system and/or the User's IT environment.
User
The individual using this Application who, unless otherwise specified, coincides with the Data Subject.
Data Subject
The natural person to whom the Personal Data refers.
Data Processor (or Processor)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes Personal Data on behalf of the Controller, as described in this privacy policy.
Data Controller (or Owner)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Data, including the security measures concerning the operation and use of this Application. The Data Controller, unless otherwise specified, is the Owner of this Application.
This Application
The means by which the Personal Data of the User is collected and processed.
Service
The service provided by this Application as described in the relative terms (if available) and on this site/application.
Sale
Sale means any exchange of Personal Information by the Owner to
a third party, for monetary or other valuable consideration
, as defined by the applicable privacy US state law. Please note that the exchange of Personal Information with a service provider pursuant to a written contract that meets the requirements set by the applicable law, does not constitute a Sale of your Personal Information.
Sharing
Sharing means any sharing, renting, releasing, disclosing, disseminating, making available, transferring, or otherwise communicating orally, in writing, or by electronic or other means, a consumer's Personal Information by the business to a
third party for cross-context behavioral advertising
, whether for monetary or other valuable consideration, including transactions between a business and a third party for cross-context behavioral advertising for the benefit of a business in which no money is exchanged, as defined by the California privacy laws. Please note that the exchange of Personal Information with a service provider pursuant to a written contract that meets the requirements set by the California privacy laws, does not constitute sharing of your Personal Information.
Targeted advertising
Targeted advertising means displaying advertisements to a consumer where the advertisement is selected based on Personal Information obtained from that consumer’s activities over time and across nonaffiliated websites or online applications to predict such consumer’s preferences or interests, as defined by the applicable privacy US state law.
European Union (or EU)
Unless otherwise specified, all references made within this document to the European Union include all current member states to the European Union and the European Economic Area.
Legal information
This privacy statement has been prepared based on provisions of multiple legislations.
This privacy policy relates solely to this Application, if not stated otherwise within this document.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/:
Choose another country or region to see content specific to your location and shop online.
Ireland
Ireland
Other country or region
Continue
Apple
Store
Shop the Latest
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
Accessories
Find a Store
Order Status
Apple Trade In
Financing
Personal Setup
Certified Refurbished
Education
Business
Veterans and Military
Government
Mac
Explore All Mac
MacBook Air
MacBook Pro
iMac
Mac mini
Mac Studio
Mac Pro
Displays
Compare Mac
Switch from PC to Mac
Shop Mac
Help Me Choose
Mac Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Mac Support
AppleCare+ for Mac
macOS Sequoia
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
Continuity
iCloud+
Mac for Business
Education
iPad
Explore All iPad
iPad Pro
iPad Air
iPad
iPad mini
Apple Pencil
Keyboards
Compare iPad
Why iPad
Shop iPad
iPad Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
iPad Support
AppleCare+ for iPad
iPadOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iCloud+
Education
iPhone
Explore All iPhone
iPhone 16 Pro
iPhone 16
iPhone 16e
iPhone 15
Compare iPhone
Switch from Android
Shop iPhone
iPhone Accessories
Apple Trade In
Carrier Deals at Apple
Financing
iPhone Support
AppleCare+ for iPhone
iOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iPhone Privacy
iCloud+
Wallet, Pay, Card
Siri
Watch
Explore All Apple Watch
Apple Watch Series 10
Apple Watch Ultra 2
Apple Watch SE
Apple Watch Nike
Apple Watch Hermès
Compare Watch
Why Apple Watch
Shop Apple Watch
Apple Watch Studio
Apple Watch Bands
Apple Watch Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Apple Watch Support
AppleCare+
watchOS 11
Apple Watch For Your Kids
Apps by Apple
Apple Fitness+
Vision
Explore Apple Vision Pro
Guided Tour
Tech Specs
Shop Apple Vision Pro
Apple Vision Pro Accessories
Book a Demo
Financing
Apple Vision Pro Support
AppleCare+
visionOS 2
AirPods
Explore All AirPods
AirPods 4
AirPods Pro 2
AirPods Max
Compare AirPods
Shop AirPods
AirPods Accessories
AirPods Support
AppleCare+ for Headphones
Hearing Health
Apple Music
TV & Home
Explore TV & Home
Apple TV 4K
HomePod
HomePod mini
Shop Apple TV 4K
Shop HomePod
Shop HomePod mini
Shop Siri Remote
TV & Home Accessories
Apple TV Support
HomePod Support
AppleCare+
Apple TV app
Apple TV+
Home app
Apple Music
Siri
AirPlay
Entertainment
Explore Entertainment
Apple One
Apple TV+
Apple Music
Apple Arcade
Apple Fitness+
Apple News+
Apple Podcasts
Apple Books
App Store
Apple TV+ Support
Apple Music Support
Accessories
Shop All Accessories
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
TV & Home
Made by Apple
Beats by Dr. Dre
AirTag
Support
iPhone
Mac
iPad
Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Music
TV
Explore Support
Community
Check Coverage
Repair
Get AppleCare+
Apple Account and Password
Billing & Subscriptions
Accessibility
Find a Store
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Apple Intelligence
Apple Trade In
0
+
Privacy
Local Nav Open Menu
Local Nav Close Menu
Overview
Features
Control
Labels
Transparency Report
Privacy Policy
English
Choose your preferred language
At Apple, we believe strongly in fundamental privacy rights — and that those fundamental rights should not differ depending on where you live in the world.
That’s why we treat any data that relates to an identified or identifiable individual or that is linked or linkable to them by Apple as “personal data,” no matter where the individual lives.
This means that data that directly identifies you — such as your name — is personal data, and also data that does not directly identify you, but that can reasonably be used to identify you — such as the serial number of your device — is personal data. Aggregated data is considered non‑personal data for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy covers how
Apple or an Apple-affiliated company
(collectively, “Apple”) handles personal data whether you interact with us on our websites, through Apple apps (such as Apple Music or Wallet), or in person (including by phone or when visiting an Apple Store). Apple may also link to third parties on our services or make third-party apps available for download in our App Store. Apple’s Privacy Policy does not apply to how third parties define personal data or how they use it. We encourage you to read their privacy policies and know your privacy rights before interacting with them.
At Apple, we respect your ability to know, access, correct, transfer, restrict the processing of, and delete your personal data. We have provided these rights to our global customer base and if you choose to exercise these privacy rights, you have the right not to be treated in a discriminatory way nor to receive a lesser degree of service from Apple. Where you are requested to consent to the processing of your personal data by Apple, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
To exercise your privacy rights and choices, including where a third-party service provider is acting on Apple’s behalf, visit the Apple Data and Privacy page at
privacy.apple.com
for Apple or
shazam.com/privacy
for Shazam.
To help protect the security of your personal data, you must sign in to your account and your identity will be verified. If you want to obtain a copy of personal data that is not currently available from
privacy.apple.com
, you can make a request at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the applicable regulator.
There may be situations where we cannot grant your request — for example, if you ask us to delete your transaction data and Apple is legally obligated to keep a record of that transaction to comply with law. We may also decline to grant a request where doing so would undermine our legitimate use of data for anti-fraud and security purposes, such as when you request deletion of an account that is being investigated for security concerns. Other reasons your privacy request may be denied are if it jeopardizes the privacy of others, is frivolous or vexatious, or would be extremely impractical or unreasonable.
If you live in California and you cannot access Apple’s Data and Privacy page,
you or your authorized agent can make a request at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
or by calling 1-800-275-2273.
For more information on exercising your rights, visit
support.apple.com/102283
.
At Apple, we believe that you can have great products and great privacy. This means that we strive to
collect only the personal data that we need
. The personal data Apple collects depends on how you interact with Apple. Descriptions of how Apple handles personal data for certain individual services are available at
apple.com/legal/privacy/data
.
When you create an Apple Account, apply for commercial credit, purchase and/or activate a product or device, download a software update, register for a class at an Apple Store, connect to our services, contact us (including by social media), participate in an online survey, or otherwise interact with Apple, we may collect a variety of information, including:
Account Information.
Your Apple Account and related account details, including email address, devices registered, account status, and age
Device Information.
Data from which your device could be identified, such as device serial number, or about your device, such as browser type
Contact Information
. Data such as name, email address, physical address, phone number, or other contact information
Payment Information. Data about your billing address and method of payment, such as bank details, credit, debit, or other payment card information
Transaction Information.
Data about purchases of Apple products and services or transactions facilitated by Apple, including purchases on Apple platforms
Fraud Prevention Information.
Data used to help identify and prevent fraud, including a device trust score
Usage Data.
Data about your activity on and use of our offerings, such as app launches within our services, including browsing history; search history; product interaction; crash data, performance and other diagnostic data; and other usage data
Location Information
. Precise location only to support services such as Find My or where you agree for region-specific services, and coarse location
Health Information.
Data relating to the health status of an individual, including data related to one’s physical or mental health or condition. Personal health data also includes data that can be used to make inferences about or detect the health status of an individual. If you participate in a study using an Apple Health Research Study app, the policy governing the privacy of your personal data is described in the
Apple Health Study Apps Privacy Policy
.
Fitness Information.
Details relating to your fitness and exercise information where you choose to share them
Financial Information.
Details including salary, income, and assets information where collected, and information related to Apple-branded financial offerings
Government ID Data.
In certain jurisdictions, we may ask for a government-issued ID in limited circumstances, including when setting up a wireless account and activating your device, for the purpose of extending commercial credit, managing reservations, or as required by law
Other Information You Provide to Us.
Details such as the content of your communications with Apple, including interactions with customer support and contacts through social media channels
You are not required to provide the personal data that we have requested. However, if you choose not to do so, in many cases we will not be able to provide you with our products or services or respond to requests you may have.
Apple may receive personal data about you from other
individuals
, from businesses or third parties acting
at your direction
, from our
partners
who work with us to provide our products and services and assist us in security and fraud prevention, and from other
lawful sources.
Individuals.
Apple may collect data about you from other individuals — for example, if that individual has sent you a product or gift card, invited you to participate in an Apple service or forum, or shared content with you.
At Your Direction.
You may direct other individuals or third parties to share data with Apple. For example, you may direct your mobile carrier to share data about your carrier account with Apple for account activation, or for your loyalty program to share information about your participation so that you can earn rewards for Apple purchases.
Apple Partners.
We may also validate the information you provide — for example, when creating an Apple Account, with a third party for security, and for fraud-prevention purposes.
To power features such as search and as a source for our foundational AI models, Apple uses Applebot, a web crawler, to crawl information that is publicly available on the internet. We have measures in place to reduce the amount of personal data we collect and make no attempt to connect data crawled to any individual Apple user, or to build profiles about individuals. Your private personal data is not used to train our foundational AI models. To exercise your right as an individual to opt out of processing, visit the
Apple Intelligence Privacy Inquiries form
. For more information about Applebot, visit
support.apple.com/120320
.
For research and development purposes, we may use datasets such as those that contain images, voices, or other data that could be associated with an identifiable person. When acquiring such datasets, we do so in accordance with applicable law, including law in the jurisdiction in which the dataset is hosted. When using such datasets for research and development, we do not attempt to reidentify individuals who may appear therein.
Apple uses personal data to power our services, to process your transactions, to communicate with you, for security and fraud prevention, and to comply with law. We may also use personal data for other purposes with your consent.
Apple uses your personal data only when we have a valid legal basis to do so.
Depending on the circumstance, Apple may rely on your consent or the fact that the processing is necessary to fulfill a contract with you, protect your vital interests or those of other persons, or to comply with law. We may also process your personal data where we believe it is in our or others’ legitimate interests, taking into consideration your interests, rights, and expectations. More information is available in the product-specific information embedded in our products and features as described above. If you have questions about the legal basis, you can contact the Data Protection Officer at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
.
Power Our Services.
Apple collects personal data necessary to power our services, which may include personal data collected to improve our offerings, for internal purposes such as auditing or data analysis, or for troubleshooting. For example, if you would like to access a song through an Apple Music subscription, we collect data on what songs you play in order to provide you with the content requested and for royalty purposes.
Process Your Transactions.
To process transactions, Apple must collect data such as your name, purchase, and payment information.
Communicate with You.
To respond to communications, reach out to you about your transactions or account, market our products and services, provide other relevant information, or request information or feedback. From time to time, we may use your personal data to send important notices, such as communications about purchases and changes to our terms, conditions, and policies. Because this information is important to your interaction with Apple, you may not opt out of receiving these important notices.
Security and Fraud Prevention.
To protect individuals, employees, and Apple and for loss prevention and to prevent fraud, including to protect individuals, employees, and Apple for the benefit of all our users, and prescreening or scanning uploaded content for potentially illegal content, including child sexual exploitation material.
Personal Data Used for Personalization.
If you choose to personalize your services or communications where such options are available, Apple will use information that we collect so that we can offer you those personalized services or communications. You can learn more about how relevant services use information to personalize your experience by reviewing the privacy information presented when you first use a service that asks to use your personal data. We make this information easy to find by presenting it with our Data & Privacy icon; it’s also available at all times on your Apple device and online at
apple.com/legal/privacy/data
.
Comply with Law.
To comply with applicable law — for example, to satisfy tax or reporting obligations, or to comply with a lawful governmental request.
Apple does not use algorithms or profiling to make any decision that would significantly affect you without the opportunity for human review. Apple also does not use or disclose sensitive personal data for any purposes that would require a user to exercise a right to limit processing according to California law.
Apple retains personal data only for so long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected, including as described in this Privacy Policy or in our service-specific privacy notices, or as required by law. We will retain your personal data for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy and our service-specific privacy notices. When assessing retention periods, we first carefully examine whether it is necessary to retain the personal data collected and, if retention is required, work to retain the personal data for the shortest possible period permissible under law.
Apple may share personal data with
Apple-affiliated companies
,
service providers
who act on our behalf, our
partners
,
developers, and publishers
, or others
at your direction
. Further, Apple does not share personal data with third parties for their own marketing purposes.
Service Providers.
Apple may engage third parties to act as our service providers and perform certain tasks on our behalf, such as processing or storing data, including personal data, in connection with your use of our services and delivering products to customers. Apple service providers are obligated to handle personal data consistent with this Privacy Policy and according to our instructions. They cannot use the personal data we share for their own purposes and must delete or return the personal data once they’ve fulfilled our request.
Partners.
At times, Apple may partner with third parties to provide services or other offerings. For example, Apple financial offerings like Apple Card and Apple Cash are offered by Apple and our partners. Apple requires its partners to protect your personal data.
Developers and Publishers from Whom You Get a Subscription.
If you purchase a third-party subscription from the App Store or within Apple News, we create a Subscriber ID that is unique to you and the developer or publisher. The Subscriber ID may be used to provide reports to the developer or publisher, which include information about the subscription you purchased and your country of residence. If you cancel all of your subscriptions from a particular developer or publisher, the Subscriber ID will reset after 180 days if you do not resubscribe. This information is provided to developers or publishers so that they can understand the performance of their subscriptions.
Others.
Apple may share personal data with others at your direction or with your consent, such as when we share information with your carrier to activate your account. We may also disclose information about you if we determine that for purposes of national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public importance, disclosure is necessary or appropriate. We may also disclose information about you where there is a lawful basis for doing so, if we determine that disclosure is reasonably necessary to enforce our terms and conditions or to protect our operations or users, or in the event of a reorganization, merger, or sale.
Apple does not sell your personal data including as “sale” is defined in Nevada and California. Apple also does not “share” your personal data as that term is defined in California.
At Apple, we believe that great privacy rests on great security. We use
administrative, technical, and physical safeguards
to protect your personal data, taking into account the nature of the personal data and the processing, and the threats posed. We are constantly working to improve on these safeguards to help keep your personal data secure. For more information, visit our
Apple Platform Security
guide.
Apple understands the importance of safeguarding the personal data of children, which we consider to be an
individual under the age of 13 or the equivalent age as specified by law in your jurisdiction
. That is why Apple has implemented additional processes and protections to help keep children’s personal data safe.
To access certain Apple services, a child must have a child Apple Account. A child Apple Account may be created by the
parent
or, in the case of a Managed Apple Account, by the
child’s educational institution
.
Parents.
To create a child account, parents must review the
Family Privacy Disclosure for Children
, which describes how Apple handles children’s personal data. If they agree, the parent must provide Apple with a verifiable parental consent.
Educational Institutions.
Educational institutions that participate in the Apple School Manager Program may also create Apple IDs for students, called “Managed Apple IDs.” These schools are required to agree to the
Managed Apple IDs for Students Disclosure
which is included as Exhibit A to the Apple School Manager Agreement.
If we learn that a child’s personal data was collected without appropriate authorization, it will be deleted as soon as possible.
To exercise privacy rights for your child’s information, visit the Apple Data and Privacy page at
privacy.apple.com
and sign in to their account.
Apple’s websites, online services, interactive applications, and advertisements may use
“cookies” and other technologies
such as web beacons.
These technologies help us to better understand user behavior including for security and fraud prevention purposes, tell us which parts of our websites people have visited, and facilitate and measure the effectiveness of advertisements and web searches.
Communications Cookies.
These cookies are used to enable network traffic to and from Apple’s systems, including by helping us detect any errors.
Strictly Necessary Cookies.
These cookies are set as required to provide a specific feature or service that you have accessed or requested. For example, they allow us to display our websites in the proper format and language, to authenticate and verify your transactions, and to preserve the contents of your Bag when shopping online at
apple.com
.
Other Cookies.
These cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with our websites and online services, including by helping us to assess the effectiveness of advertisements and web searches. Apple also uses these cookies to remember choices you make while browsing, so we can provide you with a customized experience.
If you prefer that Apple not use cookies, we provide you with the means to disable their use. If you want to disable cookies and you’re using the Safari web browser, choose “Block all cookies” in Safari’s privacy settings. If you are using a different browser, check with your provider to find out how to disable cookies. Certain features of the Apple website may not be available if all cookies are disabled.
In addition to cookies, Apple uses other technologies that help us achieve similar objectives.
In some email messages Apple sends to you, we provide a “click-through URL” that links you to content on the Apple website. When you click one of these URLs, they pass through a separate server before arriving at the destination page on our website. We track this click-through to help us determine interest in particular topics and measure whether we are communicating with you effectively. If you prefer not to be tracked in this way, you should not click graphic or text links in email messages.
Apple generally treats data we collect using these cookies and similar technologies as non-personal data.
However, to the extent that Internet Protocol (IP) addresses or similar identifiers are considered personal data by local law, we also treat these identifiers as personal data in those regions. In addition, Apple sometimes combines non-personal data collected from these technologies with other personal data Apple holds. When we combine data in this way, we treat the combined data as personal data for purposes of this Privacy Policy.
Ads that are delivered by Apple’s advertising platform may appear on the App Store, Apple News, Stocks, and Apple TV app depending on your location. Apple’s advertising platform does not track you, meaning that it does not link user or device data collected from our apps with user or device data collected from third parties for targeted advertising or advertising measurement purposes, and does not share user or device data with data brokers.
If you do not want to receive ads targeted to your interests from Apple's advertising platform in those apps, you can choose to disable Personalized Ads, which will opt your Apple Account out of receiving such ads regardless of what device you are using. On your iOS, iPadOS, or visionOS device, you can disable Personalized Ads by going to Settings > Privacy & Security > Apple Advertising and tapping to turn off Personalized Ads. On your Mac, you can disable Personalized Ads by going to System Settings > Privacy & Security > Privacy > Advertising, then deselecting Personalized Ads. You may still see ads in the App Store, Apple News, or Stocks based on context like your search query or the channel you are reading. If you disable Allow Apps to Request to Track, third-party apps cannot request to use the Advertising Identifier, a non-personal identifier served by the operating system on your device, to track you across apps and websites owned by other companies.
For more information about Apple-delivered advertising and privacy, visit
apple.com/legal/privacy/data/ww/apple-advertising
.
Apple products and offerings connect you to the world. To make that possible,
your personal data may be transferred to or accessed by entities around the world,
including Apple-affiliated companies, to perform processing activities such as those described in this Privacy Policy in connection with your use of our products and services. Apple complies with laws on the transfer of personal data between countries to help ensure your data is protected, wherever it may be.
The Apple entity that controls your personal data may differ depending on where you live.
For example, Apple Store information is controlled by individual retail entities in each country and Apple Media Services-related personal data may be controlled by various Apple entities as reflected in the terms of service. If you do not reside in the U.S., your personal data may be processed by Apple Inc. and other Apple-affiliated companies on behalf of the Apple entity controlling personal data for your jurisdiction. For example, Imagery and associated data collected by Apple around the world to improve Apple Maps and to support our Look Around feature is transferred to Apple Inc. in California.
Personal data relating to individuals in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland is controlled by Apple Distribution International Limited in Ireland. Apple’s international transfer of personal data collected in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland is governed by
Standard Contractual Clauses
. If you have questions or would like a copy of Apple’s Standard Contractual Clauses, you can contact us at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
.
Personal data collected by
Apple or an Apple-affiliated company
worldwide is generally stored by Apple Inc. in the United States. Regardless of where your personal data is stored, Apple maintains the same high level of protection and safeguarding measures.
Apple’s privacy practices, as described in this Privacy Policy, comply with the Global Cross-Border Privacy Rules (CBPRs) System and the Global Privacy Recognition for Processors (PRP) System. For more information about the Global CBPR and PRP Systems, visit
Global CBPR Forum
. To view our certifications, visit
CBPR System Compliance Directory
. For more information about the scope of our participation, or to submit a privacy inquiry through
BBB National Programs
, our Accountability Agent, visit:
Cross-Border Privacy Rules Program
Privacy Recognition for Processors Program
Personal data relating to individuals in the People’s Republic of China may be processed by Apple in countries outside of the People’s Republic of China, such as Apple Inc. in the United States or Apple Distribution International Limited in the Republic of Ireland. Where this occurs, it will be done in compliance with local laws, including the Personal Information Protection Law. For the purposes of processing set out in this Privacy Policy, Apple may also transfer such personal data to third-party service providers, who may in turn store or transfer the data outside of the People’s Republic of China. For more information, visit
China Mainland Privacy Disclosures
.
To make sure your personal data is secure, we communicate our privacy and security guidelines to Apple employees and strictly enforce privacy safeguards within the company.
If you have questions about Apple’s Privacy Policy or privacy practices including where a third-party service provider is acting on our behalf, or you would like to contact our Data Protection Officer, you can contact us at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
or call the
Apple Support number
for your country or region.
You can also ask us questions about how to submit a privacy complaint and we will endeavor to help.
Apple takes your privacy questions seriously. A dedicated team reviews your inquiry to determine how best to respond to your question or concern, including those inquiries received in response to an access or download request. In most cases, all substantive contacts receive a response within seven days. In other cases, we may require additional information or let you know that we need more time to respond.
Where your complaint indicates an improvement could be made in our handling of privacy issues, we will take steps to make such an update at the next reasonable opportunity. In the event that a privacy issue has resulted in a negative impact on you or another person, we will take steps to address that with you or that other person.
You may at any time — including if you are not satisfied with Apple’s response — refer your complaint to the applicable regulator. If you ask us, we will endeavor to provide you with information about relevant complaint avenues which may be applicable to your circumstances.
When there is a material change to this Privacy Policy, we’ll post a notice on this website at least a week in advance of doing so and contact you directly about the change if we have your data on file.
View our CBPR certification
View our PRP certification
Sub-policy 1
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/:
Choose another country or region to see content specific to your location and shop online.
Ireland
Ireland
Other country or region
Continue
Apple
Store
Shop the Latest
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
Accessories
Find a Store
Order Status
Apple Trade In
Financing
Personal Setup
Certified Refurbished
Education
Business
Veterans and Military
Government
Mac
Explore All Mac
MacBook Air
MacBook Pro
iMac
Mac mini
Mac Studio
Mac Pro
Displays
Compare Mac
Switch from PC to Mac
Shop Mac
Help Me Choose
Mac Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Mac Support
AppleCare+ for Mac
macOS Sequoia
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
Continuity
iCloud+
Mac for Business
Education
iPad
Explore All iPad
iPad Pro
iPad Air
iPad
iPad mini
Apple Pencil
Keyboards
Compare iPad
Why iPad
Shop iPad
iPad Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
iPad Support
AppleCare+ for iPad
iPadOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iCloud+
Education
iPhone
Explore All iPhone
iPhone 16 Pro
iPhone 16
iPhone 16e
iPhone 15
Compare iPhone
Switch from Android
Shop iPhone
iPhone Accessories
Apple Trade In
Carrier Deals at Apple
Financing
iPhone Support
AppleCare+ for iPhone
iOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iPhone Privacy
iCloud+
Wallet, Pay, Card
Siri
Watch
Explore All Apple Watch
Apple Watch Series 10
Apple Watch Ultra 2
Apple Watch SE
Apple Watch Nike
Apple Watch Hermès
Compare Watch
Why Apple Watch
Shop Apple Watch
Apple Watch Studio
Apple Watch Bands
Apple Watch Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Apple Watch Support
AppleCare+
watchOS 11
Apple Watch For Your Kids
Apps by Apple
Apple Fitness+
Vision
Explore Apple Vision Pro
Guided Tour
Tech Specs
Shop Apple Vision Pro
Apple Vision Pro Accessories
Book a Demo
Financing
Apple Vision Pro Support
AppleCare+
visionOS 2
AirPods
Explore All AirPods
AirPods 4
AirPods Pro 2
AirPods Max
Compare AirPods
Shop AirPods
AirPods Accessories
AirPods Support
AppleCare+ for Headphones
Hearing Health
Apple Music
TV & Home
Explore TV & Home
Apple TV 4K
HomePod
HomePod mini
Shop Apple TV 4K
Shop HomePod
Shop HomePod mini
Shop Siri Remote
TV & Home Accessories
Apple TV Support
HomePod Support
AppleCare+
Apple TV app
Apple TV+
Home app
Apple Music
Siri
AirPlay
Entertainment
Explore Entertainment
Apple One
Apple TV+
Apple Music
Apple Arcade
Apple Fitness+
Apple News+
Apple Podcasts
Apple Books
App Store
Apple TV+ Support
Apple Music Support
Accessories
Shop All Accessories
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
TV & Home
Made by Apple
Beats by Dr. Dre
AirTag
Support
iPhone
Mac
iPad
Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Music
TV
Explore Support
Community
Check Coverage
Repair
Get AppleCare+
Apple Account and Password
Billing & Subscriptions
Accessibility
Find a Store
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Apple Intelligence
Apple Trade In
0
+
Legal
Open Menu
Close Menu
Hardware
Software
Sales & Support
Internet Services
Intellectual Property
More Resources
JavaScript is required to view this content.
Something went wrong.
The content for this page did not load correctly. Reload the page to try again.
Reload Page