Date last modified: October 01, 2019
Thank you for using Mom.life!
By accessing and using the Services, you agree to be bound by these Terms and you are consenting to (or promising
      that you have obtained appropriate consent for) the collection and use of personal information by us in accordance
      with the
Privacy Policy
. If you do not agree to be bound by these Terms, you are not permitted to use the
      Services.
We may update and change these Terms or the
Privacy
      Policy
from time to time. If we make any substantial changes, we will notify registered Users by e-mail at the
      address on file with us and/or post a notice of the changes on the Website. Continued use of the Service after any
      such changes shall constitute your consent to such changes. You are responsible for regularly reviewing the most
      current version of this Agreement. Some of our Services may be software that is downloaded to your computer,
      phone, tablet, or other devices. You agree that we may automatically upgrade those Services, and these Terms will
      automatically apply to such upgrades.
1. Using Mom.life
1.1 You must be at least 14 years of age to use the Services. Access to the services may be denied without
      warning if we believe that you are trying to conceive under 16 years of age. By using the Services you declare and
      represent that you are at least 14 years of age and that you have the full legal capacity to complete such
      contractual action without the need for any additional approvals or consents.
1.2 Access to the Services is limited to female users. By using the Services you declare and represent that you
      are female and agree to provide additional identity verification as requested by Mom.life.
1.3 Subject to these Terms and our policies, we grant you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, and
      revocable license to use our Services on devices that you own or control and as permitted by these Terms.
      Commercial use of the Services is not allowed.
1.4 All right, title and interest in and to the Services (excluding Content provided by users) are and will
      remain the exclusive property of Mom.life and its licensors. Mom.life reserves all rights not expressly granted to
      you. The Services are protected by copyright, trademark, and other laws of both the United States and foreign
      countries. Nothing in the Terms gives you a right to use the Mom.life name or any of the Mom.life trademarks,
      logos, domain names, and other distinctive brand features. Any feedback, comments, or suggestions you may provide
      regarding Mom.life, or the Services is entirely voluntary and we will be free to use such feedback, comments or
      suggestions as we see fit and without any obligation to you.
1.5 We may suspend or terminate your accounts or cease providing you with all or part of the Services at any time
      for any reason, including, but not limited to, if we reasonably believe that you have violated these Terms, or you
      create risk or possible legal exposure for us, or our provision of the Services to you is no longer commercially
      viable. We will make reasonable efforts to notify you by the email address associated with your account or the
      next time you attempt to access the Services.
2. Content
2.1. Mom.life allows you to post content, including texts, photos, videos, comments, links, and other materials
      in accordance with these Terms. Any such content posted or otherwise made available by users of our Services is
      referred to as "Content." You retain all rights in the Content you post.
2.2. Mom.life or its licensors or partners own the intellectual property rights in the content and materials
      comprising the Services, and all content and materials generated within the Services (the “Mom.life-Owned
      Content”). You may not modify, copy, reproduce, republish, upload, post, transmit, translate, sell, create
      derivative works, exploit, or distribute in any manner or medium (including by email or other electronic means)
      any Mom.life-Owned Content unless explicitly authorized in these Terms or by the owner of the Mom.life-Owned
      Content.
2.3. You are responsible for your use of the Services, for any use of the Services associated with your account,
      for any Content you post, and for any consequences thereof. The Content you submit, post, or display will be able
      to be viewed by other users of the Services and through third party services and websites. Only provide Content
      that you are comfortable sharing with others under these Terms.
2.4. We reserve the right but shall be under no obligation to, review any Content and decide, in our sole
      discretion, whether such Content is appropriate and complies with these Terms. We may remove or modify any Content
      and/or terminate your access for uploading Content at any time without prior notice and in our sole
      discretion.
2.5. Other users may flag or report your post and/or comments, and the moderators may act on such report by
      removing the content and/or ejecting without prior notification the user who provided the offending content.
      Moderators have the right to eject users who violate the Terms without prior notification. Notwithstanding the
      foregoing, Mom.life shall not be under an obligation to use moderators or continue to moderate the Services once
      moderation has begun.
2.6. You grant Mom.life a non-exclusive, royalty-free, transferable, sublicensable, perpetual, irrevocable,
      worldwide license to use, store, display, reproduce, modify, create derivative works, perform, and distribute your
      Content on Mom.life solely for the purposes of operating, developing, providing, and using the Mom.life Services.
      Nothing in these Terms shall restrict other legal rights Mom.life may have to Content, for example under other
      licenses. This license shall survive the termination of your use of the Services. You represent and warrant that
      you have the right, power, and authority to post your Content and to grant the license specified above. You
      further represent and warrant that by posting such Content, you will not violate third-party rights of any
      kind.
3. Security and Backup Policies
You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and Content, and you are fully responsible for
      all activities that occur under your account and any other actions taken in connection with the Services. You
      agree to immediately notify us in writing of any unauthorized uses of your account or any other breaches of
      security. Mom.life cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage from your failure to comply with this
      security obligation.
Mom.life has implemented commercially reasonable technical and organizational measures designed to secure your
      personal information and Content from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration or disclosure.
      However, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to defeat those measures or use
      your personal information or Content for improper purposes. By using the Services, you acknowledge that you
      provide your personal information, or information about the entity that you represent, at your own risk.
4. User Responsibilities
4.1. Users are prohibited from posting consent that:
Is sexually explicit or pornographic, exploits or presents minors in a sexual way, or promotes sexual
        services;
Creates a genuine risk of physical injury or property damage, credibly threatens people or public safety, or
        organizes, encourages or celebrates harm;
Promotes self-harm, eating disorders or hard drug abuse;
Attacks, bullies or harasses nonpublic individuals;
Includes hate speech, extremism, racism, or swear words;
Is gratuitously violent or gory;
Infringes anyone's intellectual property, copyright, privacy or other rights;
Is fraudulent or deceptive;
Includes someone else's personal information or requests a minor's personal information;
Impersonate others in a manner that does or is intended to mislead, confuse, or deceive others;
Contains an individual’s private and confidential information, such as credit card numbers, street address or
        Social Security/National Identity numbers, without their express authorization and permission;
Contains direct, specific threats of violence against others;
Contains any information or content that’s illegal or against public morals; or
Violates these Terms.
4.2. Users may not engage in the following activities:
Use Mom.life's name, logo, trademark or branding without our explicit consent;
Use the Services on a mobile device that you do not own or control;
Distribute or make the Services available over a network where it could be used by multiple devices at
        the same time;
Rent, lease, lend, sell, redistribute or sublicense the Services;
Copy; decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, attempt to derive the source code of, modify, or create
        derivative works of the Services, any updates, or any part thereof;
Access, tamper with or use non-public areas of the Services, our systems or our technical providers'
        systems;
Break or circumvent our security measures or otherwise test the vulnerability of our systems or networks;
Use any method to access, search, scrape, download or change the Services;
Post commercial messages in posts, photos, comments, descriptions, etc., or try to artificially boost views,
        subscribers, comments or other metrics;
Use meta tags, hidden text or metadata with our trademark, logo, URL or product name without our written
        consent;
Use information from a Service user to forge any TCP/IP packet header or any part of the header information in
        any email or newsgroup posting, or in any way use the Services to send altered source-identifying information;
Try to interfere with any user of the Service, host or network, for example by sending a virus, overloading,
        spamming or mail-bombing;
Collect, store or distribute personally identifiable information from the Services or its users without their
        permission;
Impersonate or misrepresent your affiliation with any person or entity;
Do anything that violates applicable law or regulations;
Share your password, let anyone access your account or do anything that might put your account at risk;
Sell your username or otherwise transfer it for compensation;
Create or show ads that look like or could be confused with the Services content;
Encourage or help anyone do any of the things on this list;
Use our Service for any unlawful purposes or in furtherance of illegal activities;
4.3. Abuse and Spam
4.3.1. Mom.life strives to protect its users from abuse and spam. User abuse and technical abuse are not
      tolerated on the Service, and may result in permanent suspension. Any accounts or users engaging in the activities
      specified below may be subject to permanent suspension. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Mom.life shall not be under
      an obligation moderators or monitor the Services.
4.3.2. You may not create multiple accounts for disruptive or abusive purposes, or with overlapping use cases.
      Mass account creation may result in suspension of all related accounts. Please note that any violation of the
      Terms may become cause for permanent suspension of all accounts.
4.3.3. You may not engage in targeted abuse or harassment, engage in username squatting, promote invitation spam,
      selling usernames, promote malware/phishing, send spam and in other ways violate the Terms.
5. Third-Party Links, Sites, and Services
Certain Services may display, include or make available content, data, information, applications or materials
      from third parties (“Third Party Materials”) or provide links to certain third party web sites. By using the
      Services, You acknowledge and agree that Mom.life is not responsible for examining or evaluating the content,
      accuracy, completeness, timeliness, validity, copyright compliance, legality, decency, quality or any other aspect
      of such Third Party Materials or web sites. Mom.life does not warrant or endorse and does not assume and will not
      have any liability or responsibility to you or any other person for any third-party services, Third Party
      Materials or web sites, or for any other materials, products, or services of third parties. Third Party Materials
      and links to other web sites are provided solely as a convenience to you. Information displayed by any services is
      for general informational purposes only and is not intended to be relied upon as professional advice.
6. Copyright and Trademark policy
6.1. We respect the intellectual property rights of others and expect users to do the same. It is Mom.life's
      policy, in appropriate circumstances and at its discretion, to disable and/or terminate the accounts of users who
      repeatedly infringe or are repeatedly charged with infringing the copyrights or other intellectual property rights
      of others. In accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998, Mom.life will respond expeditiously to
      claims of copyright infringement committed using the Mom.life Services.
6.2 If you are a copyright owner, or are authorized to act on behalf of one, or are authorized to act under any
      exclusive right under copyright, please report alleged copyright infringements taking place on or through the
      Services by contacting us. Upon receipt of such notice, Mom.life will take whatever action, in its sole
      discretion, it deems appropriate, including removal of the challenged material. A notification of claimed
      copyright infringement should be emailed to contact@mom.life (subject line: “DMCA Takedown Request”). You may
      also contact us by mail or facsimile at:
Wunderkind Media & Technology Corp.
541 Jefferson Ave Ste
      100
Redwood City, CA 94063
United States
To be effective, the notification must be in writing and
      contain the following information:
An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright or
        other intellectual property interest.
A description of the copyrighted work or other intellectual property that you claim has been infringed.
A description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the Site, with enough detail
        that we may find it on the Services.
Your address, telephone number, and email address.
A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright
        or intellectual property owner, its agent, or the law.
A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and
        that you are the copyright or intellectual property owner or authorized to act on the copyright or intellectual
        property owner's behalf.
6.3. We respect the trademark rights of others. Users with usernames, or any other content that misleads others
      or violates another's trademark may be updated, transferred or permanently suspended without notice.
6.4. If you are concerned that someone may be using your trademark in an infringing way on our site you can let
      us know by contacting us through email. We will review your submission and take whatever action, in our sole
      discretion, it deems appropriate, including temporary or permanent removal of the trademark. To reach us with your
      concerns, you may email us at contact@mom.life.
7. Indemnity
You agree to indemnify and hold harmless Mom.life and its officers, directors, employees and agents, from and
      against any claims, suits, proceedings, disputes, demands, liabilities, damages, losses, costs and expenses,
      including, without limitation, reasonable legal and accounting fees (including costs of defense of claims, suits
      or proceedings brought by third parties), in any way related to your access to or use of our Services, your
      Content, your violation of any third party right, or your breach of any of these Terms.
8. Liquidated Damages
You agree that if you have misrepresented your identity or used Mom.life for any purpose that violates these
      Terms, you may be liable for liquidated damages in the amount of US $10,000. You further expressly agree that this
      amount of liquidated damages represents a fair, reasonable and appropriate estimate of actual damage to the
      reputation and integrity of the Mom.life Services.
9. Disclaimers
9.1. The Services and all included content are provided on an "as is" basis without warranty of any kind, whether
      express or implied.
9.2. Mom.life specifically disclaims any and all warranties and conditions of merchantability, fitness for a
      particular purpose, and non-infringement, and any warranties arising out of course of dealing or usage of
      trade.
9.3. Mom.life takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any Content that you or any other user or
      third party posts or transmits using our Services. You understand and agree that you may be exposed to Content
      that is inaccurate, objectionable, inappropriate for children, or otherwise unsuited to your purpose. You
      understand that by using any of the Services, you may encounter content that may be deemed offensive, indecent, or
      objectionable, which content may or may not be identified as having explicit language, and that the results of any
      search or entering of a particular URL may automatically and unintentionally generate links or references to
      objectionable material. Nevertheless, you agree to use the Services at your sole risk and that Mom.life shall not
      have any liability to you for content that may be found to be offensive, indecent, or objectionable.
9.4. Mom.life makes no warranty and disclaim all responsibility and liability for: the completeness, accuracy,
      availability, timeliness, security or reliability of the Services or any Content; any harm to your computer
      system, loss of data, or other harm that results from your access to or use of the Services or any Content; the
      deletion of, or the failure to store or to transmit, any Content and other communications maintained by the
      Services; and whether the Services will meet your requirements or be available on an uninterrupted, secure, or
      error-free basis. No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained from Mom.life or through the
      Services, will create any warranty not expressly made herein.
10. Limitation of Liability
10.1. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, Mom.life SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
      CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, OR ANY LOSS OF PROFITS OR REVENUES, WHETHER INCURRED DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, OR
      ANY LOSS OF DATA, USE, GOOD-WILL, OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES, RESULTING FROM (A) YOUR ACCESS TO OR USE OF OR
      INABILITY TO ACCESS OR USE THE SERVICES; (B) ANY CONDUCT OR CONTENT OF ANY THIRD PARTY ON THE SERVICES, INCLUDING
      WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY DEFAMATORY, OFFENSIVE OR ILLEGAL CONDUCT OF OTHER USERS OR THIRD PARTIES; OR (C)
      UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS, USE OR ALTERATION OF YOUR TRANSMISSIONS OR CONTENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL Mom.life'S AGGREGATE
      LIABILITY FOR ALL CLAIMS RELATING TO THE SERVICES EXCEED ONE HUNDRED U.S. DOLLARS (U.S. $100.00). The foregoing
      limitations will apply even if the above stated remedy fails of its essential purpose.
10.2. IN NO EVENT WILL Mom.life BE LIABLE FOR THE REMOVAL OF OR DISABLING OF ACCESS TO ANY SERVICES. Mom.life MAY
      ALSO IMPOSE LIMITS ON THE USE OF OR ACCESS TO CERTAIN SERVICES, IN ANY CASE AND WITHOUT NOTICE OR LIABILITY.
11. Arbitration
11.1. For any dispute you have with Mom.life, you agree to first contact us and attempt to resolve the dispute
      with us informally. If Mom.life has not been able to resolve the dispute with you informally, we each agree to
      resolve any claim, dispute, or controversy (excluding claims for injunctive or other equitable relief) arising out
      of or in connection with or relating to these Terms by binding arbitration by the American Arbitration Association
      (AAA) under the Commercial Arbitration Rules and Supplementary Procedures for Consumer Related Disputes then in
      effect for the AAA, except as provided herein. Unless you and Mom.life agree otherwise, the arbitration will be
      conducted in Delaware, USA.
11.2. Nothing in this Section shall prevent either party from seeking injunctive or other equitable relief from
      the courts for matters related to data security, intellectual property or unauthorized access to the Service.
11.3. All claims must be brought in the parties' individual capacity, and not as a plaintiff or class member in
      any purported class or representative proceeding, and, unless we agree otherwise, the arbitrator may not
      consolidate more than one person's claims. You agree that, by entering into these terms, you and Mom.life are each
      waiving the right to a trial by jury or to participate in a class action.
12. Governing Law and Jurisdiction
12.1. Our Services are controlled and operated from the United States, and we make no representations that they
      are appropriate or available for use in other locations. International users agree to comply with all local laws
      regarding online conduct and acceptable content.
12.2. These Terms shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware, without respect to its conflict of laws
      principles. We each agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of a relevant state court located in the state of
      Delaware, USA, for any actions not subject to Arbitration. Your use of the Services may also be subject to other
      local, state, national, or international laws and you are responsible for compliance with local laws.
13. Miscellaneous
13.1. These Terms, and any rights and licenses granted hereunder, may not be transferred or assigned by you, but
      may be assigned by Mom.life without restriction. Any attempted transfer or assignment in violation hereof shall be
      null and void.
13.2. You may not use or otherwise export or re-export the Services except as authorized by United States law and
      the laws of the jurisdiction in which the Services was obtained. In particular, but without limitation, the
      Services may not be exported or re-exported (a) into any U.S. embargoed countries or (b) to anyone on the U.S.
      Treasury Department's list of Specially Designated Nationals or the U.S. Department of Commerce Denied Person’s
      List or Entity List. By using the Services, you represent and warrant that you are not located in any such country
      or on any such list. You also agree that you will not use these products for any purposes prohibited by United
      States law, including, without limitation, the development, design, manufacture or production of nuclear,
      missiles, or chemical or biological weapons.
13.3. These Terms, together with the Privacy Policy and any amendments and any additional agreements you may
      enter into with Mom.life in connection with the Services, shall constitute the entire agreement between you and
      Mom.life concerning the Services. If any provision of these Terms is deemed invalid, then that provision will be
      limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary, and the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in
      full force and effect.
13.4. No waiver of any term of these Terms shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or any
      other term, and Mom.life's failure to assert any right or provision under these Terms shall not constitute a
      waiver of such right or provision.
13.5. The provisions of these Terms that by their terms may survive termination of your use of the Services,
      shall continue in force and effect after such termination.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://mom.life/privacy_policy_en.html:
Mom.life Privacy Policy
По-русски
We, LLC "Mom Soft" (OGRN 1217700330275, 107031, Moscow, ext. ter. municipal district of Tverskoy, Dmitrovka B. str., 32, p. 4, pom. VII, com. 8), we are the operator of your personal data and in this Regulation on the processing of personal data of users of the Mom.life mobile application (hereinafter referred to as the "Regulation") we describe the procedure for processing and protecting personal data of users of the Mom.life mobile application.
Periodically we can change the Position. Your continued use of the Mom.life mobile application after making changes to the Regulation means your acceptance of such changes.
This Regulation has been developed in accordance with and in order to implement the requirements of the legislation of the Russian Federation in the field of processing and ensuring the security of personal data, as well as the Policy of processing personal data in LLC "Mom Soft".
1. What data do we process
1.1. We process the following personal data of users of the Mom.life mobile application for the following purposes and on the following grounds:
Registration in the Mom.life mobile app
General data:
name
email address
data on the presence of children
Special data:
pregnancy status and data
Your consent to the terms of the User Agreement of Mom Soft LLC, provided by you by filling out the "I agree with the User Agreement" checkbox at the time of account registration Until the moment of deleting your account in the mobile application
1.2. We do not verify the accuracy of the data received (collected) about you, except in cases when such verification is necessary in order for us to fulfill any obligations to you.
1.3. You understand that you are creating a public page, posts and comments in the Mom.life mobile application, which can be viewed by any registered user.
1.4. In some cases, we have the right to use your data in accordance with other purposes and grounds within the limits specified by federal laws.
2. How we process your personal data
2.1. By registering and using the Mom.life mobile application, you agree to the terms of processing of your personal data in accordance with this Regulation and the Personal Data Processing Policy at Mom Soft LLC. If you do not agree with these terms, we ask you to delete your account and the Mom.life mobile app.
2.2. Upon registration, you have the right to separately consent to the processing of personal data in order to receive personalized advertising from both us and from the partner of LLC "Mom Soft" and other operators, consent to receive personalized advertising from which you will be given separately.
2.3. By the processing of your data, we mean the collection, recording, systematization, accumulation, storage, clarification (updating, modification), extraction, use, transfer (provision, access), depersonalization, blocking, deletion, destruction specified in clause 1.1 of the Regulation.
2.4. Your personal data is stored exclusively on electronic media and processed using automated systems, except in cases when non-automated processing of personal data is necessary in connection with compliance with legal requirements.
2.5. The processed personal data is stored by us during the entire period of validity of your account in the Mom.life mobile application.
2.6. Your personal data is destroyed in the following cases :
You delete the data previously posted in the Mom.life mobile app yourself;
You are deleting your account;
we delete the data posted by you and/or your account in cases established by the User Agreement of the Mom.life mobile application;
identifying that your personal data is being processed illegally or is not necessary for the stated purpose of processing;
your withdrawal of your personal data;
achieving the purpose of personal data processing;
expiration of personal data storage periods.
2.7. The destruction of personal data processed on paper is carried out by shredding documents into pieces that guarantee the impossibility of restoring the text.
2.8. The destruction of personal data on electronic media is carried out by mechanical violation of the integrity of the media or by removal from electronic media by methods and means of guaranteed removal of residual information.
2.9. This Provision does not apply to data that we legally receive from third parties.
3. Your Rights
3.1. You have the right to:
Receive information from us regarding the processing of your personal data on the basis of a request;
Require us to clarify your personal data, block or destroy them if they are incomplete, outdated, inaccurate, illegally obtained or are not necessary for the stated purpose of processing;
Independently make changes and corrections to the information in your account and to the information you post in the Mom.life mobile application;
Delete information from your account and the information you post in the Mom.life mobile app.
4. Data processing for advertising purposes
4.1. If you agree, we have the right to send you e-mail messages regarding the use of the Mom.life mobile application, information about the development of Mom.life, advertise our own activities and services, as well as send other advertising messages from us and our partners.
4.2. By ticking the consent box for data processing, you agree to the transfer of the following personal data to advertisers for advertising purposes:
Depersonalized fragments of text information (cookies). So, the display of certain ads in Mom.life will be carried out to those users who have specified a certain status in Mom.life, saved as cookies;
Name, email address, pregnancy period, age of children for promotional mailings.
4.3. Advertisers act on our behalf with the condition that they accept obligations to ensure the confidentiality of the information received.
4.4. We may transfer your personal data only to the persons specified in this Regulation:
Companies that we or our partners use to audit or improve the delivery and effectiveness of advertising or content on websites and applications;
To our security consultants to find vulnerabilities and improve the Mom.life service;
Data centers for data storage.
4.5. We may provide aggregated or depersonalized information to our partners or third parties. For example, we may disclose information about how many people are registered in the Mom.life mobile app, or about the percentage of people who liked the post viewed.
4.6. Your data is stored in servers located on the territory of the Russian Federation and is not transferred outside the Russian Federation.
4.7. You have the right to refuse to receive any messages from us at any time by following the unsubscribe link or the instructions specified in any email we send.
5. Measures to protect your personal data
5.1. We take technical and organizational and legal measures to ensure the protection of your personal data from unauthorized or accidental access to them, destruction, modification, blocking, copying, distribution, as well as from other illegal actions. If you want to learn more about the measures taken, write to us and we will send you the information you are interested in.
6. Appeals
6.1. If you have any questions regarding the Regulation, please contact us at contact@mom.life (in this case, the email must come from the email address you provided during registration) or send an email to: LLC "Mam Soft", 107031, Moscow, ext. ter., Tverskoy municipal district, Dmitrovka B. str., 32, p. 4, room. VII, com. 8.
6.2. Your request must contain the following information:
the number of the main document certifying your identity or your representative;
information about the date of issue of the specified document and the issuing authority;
information confirming your participation in the relationship with us (your user ID and email address);
Your signature or your representative.
6.3. We undertake to review and respond to your request within 10 days from the date of receipt of the request. The deadline can be extended by 5 working days, and we will definitely provide you with a reasoned notification indicating the reasons for extending the deadline for providing the requested information.
6.4. The data provided in the request cannot be used without your consent and will not be used for purposes other than to respond to the request or to comply with the law.
sin