Skip to main content
Home
About us
How we work
Policies
The British Council is the United Kingdom’s international organisation for cultural relations and educational opportunities.
We collect and use personal data to offer people information, products and services. This policy will apply in all locations where we operate, to all forms of information and to all systems used to collect, store, process or transfer information.
The British Council applies the UK Data Protection Act 2018 as a global privacy standard together with local data protection law in the countries where it operates. In countries where the UK Data Protection Act 2018 conflicts with local law, local law that meets internationally accepted privacy principles will take precedence.
The British Council is committed to:
performing privacy impact assessments to protect the privacy and rights and freedoms of its customers, staff and relevant wider stakeholders
protecting the confidentiality, integrity, availability and resilience of the information it collects, stores, transfers and processes in accordance with UK law and international good practice, and to meeting its legal requirements and contractual obligations
explaining why it needs personal information, only asking for the personal information it needs and only sharing personal information within the British Council and with other organisations as necessary or where the person concerned has given their consent
clearly and openly communicating to its customers, staff and relevant wider stakeholders the purposes for processing their personal information, including the legal bases for processing and limiting the purposes to only what has been communicated or where there is a legal obligation
allowing people to exercise their rights in respect of the personal information it holds on them, including the right to complain if they believe their information has been mishandled
not keeping personal information for longer than necessary
taking measures to protect the rights and freedoms of individuals whose personal information may be transferred to countries with differing data protection laws
ensuring that actual or suspected breaches of information security are reported and investigated
assessing the maturity of its information security controls annually
applying these standards to its supply chain and delivery partners.
We will provide adequate and appropriate resources to implement this global policy statement and will ensure it is communicated and understood.
The British Council will review this global policy statement annually to reflect new legal and regulatory developments and ensure good practice.
This global policy statement was approved by Scott McDonald, Chief Executive, in April 2024 and is due for review in March 2025.
Downloads
Data protection code for partners and suppliers
(Adobe PDF 364KB)
British Council fundraising privacy statement
(Adobe PDF 33KB)
See also
Data protection
Share this
Email
Facebook
Twitter
Linkedin
In this section
Policies
Anti-fraud and corruption
Complaints
Environment
Equality
Fair competition
Financial management and reporting
Freedom of information
Health and safety
Information security and privacy
Media and social media
Records management
Risk management
Safeguarding
Sanctions
Security
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
Argentina
Armenia
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Belgium
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Brazil
Brunei
Bulgaria
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Caribbean
Chile
China
Colombia
Croatia
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Egypt
England
Estonia
Ethiopia
Finland
France
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Greece
Hong Kong, SAR of China
Hungary
India
Indonesia
Iraq
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Korea, Republic of
Kosovo
Kuwait
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Libya
Lithuania
Malawi
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mexico
Montenegro
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar (Burma)
Namibia
Nepal
Netherlands
New Zealand
Nigeria
North Macedonia
Northern Ireland
Norway
Occupied Palestinian Territories
Oman
Pakistan
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Rwanda
Saudi Arabia
Scotland
Senegal
Serbia
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tanzania
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States of America
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Venezuela
Vietnam
Wales
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
We use both first and third-party cookies to personalise web content, analyse visits to our websites and tailor advertisements. Some of these cookies are necessary for the website to function, whilst others require your consent. More detail can be found in our cookie policy and you can tailor your choices in the preference centre.
Accept All Cookies
Cookies Settings
Privacy Preference Centre
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms.    You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Cookies Details‎
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site.    All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Cookies Details‎
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages.    If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookies Details‎
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites.    They are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Privacy Preference Centre
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms.    You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Cookies Details‎
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site.    All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Cookies Details‎
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages.    If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookies Details‎
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites.    They are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Performance Cookies
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.britishcouncil.org/sites/default/files/british_council_fundraising_privacy_statement_06_march_2018_0.pdf:
