Privacy Policy
Last
Updated: June 10
th
,
2022
Introduction
Z4, LLC provides games and related services
under the brand name HD Poker (“HD Poker” or “us”
or “we”), including our social or “free-to-play”
games and related services that are presented on social networking
websites, such as
www.Facebook.com
(collectively,
the “Services”).
Your privacy is very important to Z4. This
Privacy Policy is designed to explain to you what information Z4
collects and how the information is used. By using the Services, you
agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy as updated from time to
time. We may update the terms of the Privacy Policy at any time for
any reason and will provide you with thirty (30) days written notice
of these changes either through email or through a notice provided by
the Services. Your continued use of the Services after the update
means that you agree to the changes to the Privacy Policy.
If you are located in California, please see
our Privacy Notice for California Consumers appended to this Privacy
Policy.
Information We Collect
To provide the best experience for our users
and to comply with applicable regulations and laws, Z4 collects a
variety of information relating to your use of the Services. We’ll
collect some information from other companies, including social
networks, if you access our games through your accounts with those
companies or you choose to connect your accounts with companies to
our Services.  The types of information collected by Z4 are
categorized into Personally Identifiable Information and
Non-Personally Identifiable Information. Together, this information
is referred to as “Collected Information.” When you
create an account for the Services, Z4 collects the following
Personally Identifiable Information:
First and Last Name
Your user identification number (like Facebook
	ID number), which may be linked to publicly-available information
	like your name and profile photo;
Email Address
Friends list
Your gender
Your birthday, age, and/or age range
Information about your activities on or
	through the connected third-party application;
Other publicly available information on the
	third-party application
Anh other information that you or the provider
	of the third-party application share with Z4.
If you access our Services from a third-party
application or connect our Services to a third-party application, you
should also read that third-party application’s terms of
service and privacy policy.
If you are unclear about what information a
third-party application is sharing with us, please go to the
third-party application to find out more about their privacy
practices.
If you choose to purchase in-game currency or
other in-game content, Z4’s third-party payment processors will
collect the billing and financial information they need to process
your order. This may include your email, your address, and other
necessary financial information. Z4’s payment processors do not
share your financial information like credit card numbers, but they
may share non-financial information with Z4 related to your order,
such as your name, billing address, and the items purchased.
When you use the Services on connected
third-party platforms like Facebook, Apple iOS. Steam (Valve), or
Google Android, these purchases are services by the respective
platform and are subject to the individual third-party application’s
terms of service and privacy policy.
When you use the Services on poker.hd.io, you
are subject to HD Poker’s third-party processor. For details on
how these purchases are served, go
to:
https://www.braintreepayments.com/legal
In addition, Z4 may automatically collect
Non-Personally Identifiable Information, such as how you interact
with the Services, your IP address, and the URL of a website that
referred you to the Services, if applicable. As part of this effort,
Z4 may temporarily store cookies on the device you use to access the
Services. Z4 may also assign an anonymized identification number to
your account that may be used for analyzing how you and other players
interact with the Services, advertisements, and referring websites.
How we use the Collected Information
We will use the Collected Information to ensure
compliance with applicable laws and regulations in the jurisdictions
that we operate in.
From time to time, we may send emails to you to
notify you of events, promotions, and other information we believe
will be of interest to you. You may opt out of these emails by
following the directions listed in the email, or by emailing your
request to
support@z4.com
.
Information we share with third parties
Your Member name, chat contributions and forum
posts will be visible to other users of the Services when you use the
Services.
We do not sell or rent your Personally
Identifiable Information to third parties. However, we may send
Non-Personally Identifiable Information to third parties to enable
advertisements to appear within the Services and to enable affiliate
marketers to refer players to the Services. We may also share the
anonymized identifier with select partners to analyze how players
interact with the Services.
If you purchase goods or services related to
the Services, we will share your Personally Identifiable Information
with banks, credit card companies, or other payment processors as
needed to complete your purchase. These third parties are ordinarily
located in the USA.
We may also share Collected Information with
law enforcement personnel, regulatory agencies, or other personnel to
comply with subpoenas, search warrants, court orders, gaming
regulations, or other laws or regulations that we believe require us
to disclose the information. In addition, we may share Collected
Information to preserve our rights or property, to preserve the
rights or property of our affiliates, and to investigate or prevent
the commission of a crime.
Your Personally Identifiable Information will
be stored on encrypted servers and computers located in the USA where
data protection and privacy regulations may differ from those in
other parts of the world.
Policy towards minors
The Services are intended only to be used by
persons eighteen (18) years of age or older. We never intend to
collect information from minors (those persons under the age of 18).
If we find out that we have inadvertently collected Personally
Identifiable Information of a minor, we will delete the information
from our systems.
Third Party Links
Our Services may contain links to websites
operated and maintained by third parties over which we have
absolutely no control. These third-party websites are not subject to
this Privacy Policy or our privacy standards and procedures. Any
information you provide to third party websites will be governed by
the terms of the websites’ privacy policies. We have no
responsibility or liability whatsoever for the content, actions or
policies of third-party websites. The inclusion of third-party links
in any of our Services in no way constitutes an endorsement of such
websites’ content, actions or policies.
Cookies
Z4 uses cookies. Cookies collect information
that includes the server your computer or device is logged onto, your
browser type and how you gained entry to our Services. Therefore,
when you access our Services, details are recorded about your visit,
such as time and date and pages accessed. As stated above, this
Non-Personally Identifiable Information is used in an anonymous form
for statistical purposes and, as such, cannot be used to identify you
individually. A cookie cannot retrieve any other information from
your hard drive, pass on computer viruses or capture your email
address or any other Personally Identifiable Information.
Check the “Help” menu of your
browser for more information on how to change your cookie
preferences. You may disable cookies or set your browser to alert you
when cookies are being sent. If you do disable cookies, we may be
unable to optimize your use of our Services and you may experience
some errors. Refer to your browser instructions or help screens to
learn about these functions.
Requests for access and correction of
Personally Identifiable Information
You are entitled to access and correct the
Personally Identifiable Information we hold about you and to have any
inaccuracies in the information corrected.
If you would like to access, update or correct
any of the Personally Identifiable Information we hold about you, you
may do so by contacting us using the Contact Details below and
informing us that you wish to access or correct your Personally
Identifiable Information.
There are some circumstances specified by law
where we may refuse your request for access to and/or the correction
of your Personally Identifiable Information. However, if one of these
circumstances applies, we will provide you with a written explanation
of the reasons for refusal, unless it would be unreasonable to
provide that notice.
Once we receive your request for access or
correction, we will endeavor to respond to your request within thirty
(30) days after the request is made. We may also charge reasonable
costs for responding to your request.
Complaints
If you have any concerns or a complaint about a
breach of your privacy or the way we have handled your Personally
Identifiable Information, please contact us using the Contact Details
below and inform us of the nature of your complaint.
We will then investigate your complaint and
endeavor to provide you with our response within thirty (30) days.
For Australian residents: If, after receiving
our response you still consider that your privacy complaint remains
unresolved, you may then, for example, refer your concern to the
Office of the Australian Information Commissioner at
www.oaic.gov.au
.
Privacy
Notice for California Consumers
EFFECTIVE
DATE: January 1
st
2021
Our
Privacy Notice for California Consumers supplements the information
contained in our Privacy Policy and applies solely to visitors,
users, and others who reside in the State of California (“Consumers”,
“You”). We adopt this notice to comply with the
California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) and
other California privacy laws.
We
do not sell Your Personal Information to anyone
or share it with third parties for their own marketing purposes.
To opt out of any future instances where our
current information processing methods might be designated by
California law as selling Personal Information, email us
at
Privacy@z4.com
or visit the
Do
Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
page
to submit a request.
Personal
Information does not include:
Publicly available information from government
	records.
Deidentified
	or aggregated Consumer information.
Information
	excluded from the CCPA's scope, such as:
Health
		or medical information covered by the Health Insurance Portability
		and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) and the California
		Confidentiality of Medical Information Act (CMIA) or clinical trial
		data;
Personal
		Information covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws,
		including the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FRCA), the
		Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) or California Financial Information
		Privacy Act (FIPA), and the Driver's Privacy Protection Act of
		1994.
Information
	regarding our personnel.
In
the preceding twelve months, we have or may have disclosed the
following categories of Personal Information for business purposes:
Identifiers
Personal
	Information listed in the California Consumer Records
Protected
	Information under California or federal law
Commercial
	Information
Biometric
	information
Internet
	or other similar network activity
Geolocation
	data
Sensory
	data
Professional
	or employment-related information
Non-public
	education information
Inferences
	drawn from other Personal Information.
In
particular, we may have collected, depending on the nature of the
interaction with, or the Services provided by Z4, the following
categories of Personal Information from our Consumers within the last
twelve months:
Personal Information Category
Types of Personal Information
Identifiers
Name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online
				identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account
				name, Social Security number, driver's license number, passport
				number.
Personal Information listed in the California Customer Records
				statute
(Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e))
Name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics
				or description, address, telephone number, passport number,
				driver's license or state identification card number, insurance
				policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank
				account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any
				other financial information, medical information, or health
				insurance information.
Some Personal Information
				included in this category may overlap with other categories.
Protected Information under California or federal law
Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin,
				citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical
				condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender,
				gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and
				related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or
				military status, genetic information (including familial genetic
				information).
Commercial information
Records of personal property, products or services purchased,
				obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming
				histories or tendencies.
Biometric information
Genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological
				characteristics, or activity patterns used to extract a template
				or other identifier or identifying information, such as,
				fingerprints, faceprints, and voiceprints, iris or retina scans,
				keystroke, gait, or other physical patterns, and sleep, health,
				or exercise data.
Internet or other similar network activity
Browsing history, search history, information on a Consumer's
				interaction with a website, application, or advertisement.
Geolocation data
Physical location or movements.
Sensory data
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar
				information.
Professional or employment-related information
Current or past job history or performance evaluations.
Non-public education information
(per the Family Educational
				Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part
				99)).
Education records directly related to a student maintained by an
				educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as
				grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student
				identification codes, student financial information, or student
				disciplinary records.
Inferences drawn from other Personal Information.
Profiles reflecting Your preferences, characteristics,
				psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes,
				intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
Your
Rights and Choices
The
CCPA provides California Consumers with specific rights regarding
their Personal Information. The following sections describe Your CCPA
rights and explains how to exercise those rights.
Access
to Specific Information and Data Portability Rights
You
have the right to request that we disclose certain information to You
about our collection and use of Your Personal Information over the
past 12 months. Once we receive and confirm Your verifiable Consumer
request, we will disclose to You:
The categories of Personal Information we
	collected about You.
The
	categories of sources for the Personal Information we collected
	about You.
Our
	business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that
	Personal Information.
The
	categories of third parties with whom we share that Personal
	Information.
The
	specific pieces of Personal Information we collected about You (also
	called a data portability request).
If
we disclosed Your Personal Information for a business purpose, we
will identify the Personal Information categories that each recipient
obtained.
Do
Not Sell My Information; Opting Out
We
do not sell Your Personal Information to anyone.
We
do not sell Your Personal Information or share it with third parties
for their own marketing purposes.
To opt out of any future instances where our
current information processing methods might be designated by
California law as selling Personal Information, email us
at
Privacy@z4.com
or
visit the
Do
Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
page
to submit a request.
Deletion
Request Rights
You
have the right to request that we delete any of Your Personal
Information that we collected from You and retained, subject to
certain exceptions. You can make this request via the game by
clicking Support then General Inquiry and making the request to
delete Your Personal Information. Once we receive and confirm Your
verifiable Consumer request, we will determine whether any legal
exception applies.
We
may deny Your deletion request if retaining the information is
necessary for us or our service providers for a variety of reasons.
Exercising
Your Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights
You
may exercise the access, data portability, opt out, and deletion
rights described above by submitting a verifiable request to us in
one of the following ways:
By email at
Privacy@z4.com
By
	visiting the
Do
	Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
page
	to submit a request
Only
You or a person registered with the California Secretary of State
that You authorize to act on Your behalf may make a verifiable
Consumer request related to Your Personal Information. You may also
make a verifiable Consumer request on behalf of Your minor child.
You
may only make a verifiable Consumer request for access or data
portability twice within a 12-month period. In order for us to assist
You, we ask You to provide us with information so that we may
reasonably verify that You are the person about whom we collected
Personal Information or are an authorized representative of that
person and describe Your request with enough detail for us to
understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
To
maintain the confidentiality of the Personal Information we may have
collected, we cannot provide You with Personal Information if we
cannot reasonably verify Your identity or authority to make the
request and confirm the Personal Information relates to You or to the
California Consumer who You represent.
To
maintain the confidentiality of the Personal Information we may have
collected, we will use only the Personal Information You provide
within Your verifiable Consumer request to verify Your identity or
Your authority to make the request.
All
requests to delete Personal Information may be subject to our
internal information retention policies and/or to any applicable
legal requirements.
Response
Timing and Format
We
will both acknowledge receipt of Your initial request and respond to
You with the results of our research into Your verifiable Consumer
request within the timeframe allowances specified within the CCPA.
Any
response we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the
receipt of Your verifiable Consumer request and may state reasons as
to why we cannot comply with it.
We
will use a format to provide Your Personal Information that is
readily useable and should allow You to transmit the information
successfully to another entity.
Changes
to Our Privacy Notice
Z4
reserves the right to amend this Privacy Notice for California
Consumers at our discretion and at any time. When we make substantive
changes to this Privacy Notice, we will post a summary at the top of
the first page of this Notice and update the Notice effective date.
Non-Discrimination
We
will not discriminate against You for exercising any of Your CCPA
rights.
Conclusion
We hope that you find this Privacy Policy
useful and informative. If you have any questions about the Privacy
Policy, please contact Z4 using the Contact Details immediately
below:
Z4, LLC
323 Orville Wright Ct
Las
Vegas NV 89119
privacy@z4.com