By playing or creating an account with Bad Eggs Online you acknowledge that you have reviewed and hereby agree to be found by the following terms and conditions. In reference to these terms, BadEggsOnline.com encompasses all content hosted on this website and within the games Bad Eggs Online and Bad Eggs Online 2, regardless of where either game is hosted.
By using BadEggsOnline.com you agree to follow our rules governing player behaviour outlined here (
READ RULES
). For simplicity these include:
1. Players may not share accounts or personal information including passwords with other players
2. Respect other players and keep your language clean
3. No Cheating/Hacking
We reserve the right, at any time to suspend or ban any account for any reason. Upon termination of an account you forfeit your right to any and all in game credits you may have pre-purchased. You agree and acknowledge that you will not be entitled to any refund for any amounts which were pre-paid on behalf of the Account prior to any termination of access to your Account.
BadEggsOnline.com makes no representations about the reliability of the features of this Site, the Content, User Content, or any other Site feature, and disclaims all liability in the event of any service failure. You acknowledge that any reliance on such material and/or systems will be at your own risk. BadEggsOnline.com makes no representations regarding the amount of time that any Content or User Content will be preserved. BadEggsOnline.com further reserves the right to cease operations at any time.
By posting any content on publicly accessible locations on the Website, you automatically grant to Bad Eggs Online a perpetual, royalty-free, non-exclusive, irrevocable, unrestricted, worldwide license to use, copy, sublicense, reproduce, distribute, redistribute, modify, adapt, publish, edit, translate, transmit, create derivative works of, publish and/or broadcast, publicly perform or display, and/or commercially exploit any materials or other information (including, without limitation, ideas contained therein for new or improved products or services) you submit to public areas of the Website, alone or as part of other works in any form, media, or technology whether by any means and in any media now known or hereafter developed.
BadEggsOnline.com uses SuperRewards as an option for earning in game currency. SuperRewards and their offers are handled externally and BadEggsOnline.com rescinds all responsibility and disclaims liability for the reliability of their operations and content of their offers. This includes, but is not limited to, offers not reporting. You acknowledge that use of SuperRewards at any time is at your own risk.
We reserve the right, at any time for any reason at our sole discretion, to change the terms of this Agreement.
This is an outline of the information that we, BadEggsOnline.com, are collecting on this domain, what we’re doing with it, and what your options are. If you have any questions or concerns after reading this, please email us at admin(at)badeggsonline(dot)com.
When choosing to register an account with us, either in our game or on our forum, you provide us with certain personal information for example your email address. This information is kept private from other users browsing our site at all times. Access to this information is handled in confidence by the sites owners. We may use this information to collect and respond to requests and provide customer service. We may further use this information to improve our existing site services, website functionality and for promotional notifications with respect to information concerning BadEggsOnline.com.
You may choose to disclose information about yourself in our online chat rooms, forums or in game chat. Information that you disclose in these areas is public information, and will be accessible to anyone who uses our Site. Sharing of personal information is strictly discouraged and is done so at your own risk. Children under the age of 13 are not permitted to register for an Account or use other interactive features of our Site.
This site tracks IP addresses from all users every time they log into the game. These are stored in our registration database along with other stats based information regarding your account. This information is kept separate from personal information provided to us as part of the registration process. Why do we track and store your IP address? This information is only ever used internally to assist in our fight against online payment fraud and identifying users who consistently infringe on our terms of use.
This site uses passive tracking technologies to log additional non-identifiable information with regards to site usage. We also employ “cookies” or similar technologies to track user activity, provide additional functionality to the Site and help us analyse Site usage more accurately. You can set your browser to reject cookies, but if you do, some features on our Site will not function normally and it may negatively effect your experience on our site.
Cookies in use on BadEggsOnline.com:
First party cookies: Cookies controlled by us and used to provide information about usage of our site.
Third party cookies: Cookies found in internet tools run independently to our site which offer additional functionality and site enhancement. Please see our section titled “Links & Third Party Advertising”. These include, but may not be limited to, cookies linked to the following third party services:
Google Adsense: Third Party Company serving banner advertising
Google Analytics: Private stats tracking with regards to website usage and activity. This information includes IP address, referrer, search terms and time of use.
Twitter: allow content from Twitter to be shown on website pages and pages to be shared on Twitter.
Facebook: allow content from Facebook to be shown on website pages and pages to be shared on Facebook.
Playtomic: Stats tracking inbuilt within the game to track play stats including total number of views, playtime and more detailed analysis of game choices.
Wordpress: Cookies identify a specific user session. Expires at the end of the session unless you opt in to remember your login settings for future visits.
Youtube: Used by the Youtube hosting service to enable videos to be embedded in the site.
From time to time we may include at the Site links to other websites as a service to you. The third party sites are operated by companies that are outside of our control, and your activities at those sites will be governed by the policies and practices of those third parties. We encourage you to review the privacy practices of these third parties before disclosing any personally identifiable information, as we are not responsible for the privacy practices of those sites. We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website.
These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. These third parties may place cookies on your browser when you visit certain pages of our Site, or collect cookies that they have previously placed, along with the URL of the page you visited. We do not control those third parties or their use of data. In some cases we may provide tools for you to limit data sent to third parties. This privacy policy does not cover those third parties’ use of data. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.
We use standard and reasonable measures to protect security information you provide on registering with the site. We urge you to protect your password by not sharing it with anyone else and to take measures to prevent it from unauthorised access such as unique combinations of letters and numbers.
Our rules governing behaviour, language, privacy and hacking while using BadEggsOnline.com are outlined here. Consequently in accordance with these rules we cannot be held responsible for Password information being obtained by another individual by means of theft, guess work or through personal disclosure.
You can request to delete any data we hold for your account. Once deleted, all stats and progress, as well as any in game purchases, will be lost and can no longer be recovered. You will not be liable to any refunds as a result of deleting this data.
If you want to proceed with a request to delete your account please contact via direct message through our facebook page at Bad Viking Games (
https://www.facebook.com/BadVikingGames/
). You will need to provide us with both the Username and Email used to register the account as proof that you are the owner; a Username on it’s own will not suffice. If you created the account through facebook, ensure you message us from the same account you use to login to the Bad Eggs Online game.