Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Last Updated on 14th August, 2024
This privacy policy is an electronic record in the form of an electronic contract formed
                                    under the information technology act, 2000 and the rules made thereunder and the
                                    amended provisions pertaining to electronic documents / records in various statutes
                                    as amended by the information technology act, 2000. This privacy policy does not
                                    require any physical, electronic or digital signature. This privacy policy is a legally
                                    binding document between you and Freecharge (both terms defined below). The
                                    terms of this privacy policy will be effective upon your registration on the website (as
                                    defined below) and will govern the relationship between you and Freecharge for your
                                    use of the website. This document is published and shall be construed in accordance
                                    with the provisions of the information technology (reasonable security practices and
                                    procedures and sensitive personal data or information) rules, 2011 under the
                                    information technology act, 2000; that require publishing of the privacy policy for
                                    collection, use, storage and transfer of personal information including sensitive
                                    personal information.
Please read this privacy policy carefully. By registering an account on the website and
                                    agreeing to the privacy policy by checking the privacy policy tick box, you indicate that
                                    you understand, agree and consent to this privacy policy. If you do not agree with the
                                    terms of this privacy policy, please do not accept the privacy policy and/or use this
                                    website. You hereby provide your unconditional consent or agreements to Freecharge
                                    as provided under the information technology act, 2000 and the rules and regulations
                                    made under therein.
By providing Us Your Information or by making use of the services provided by the
                                    Website, You hereby consent to the collection, storage, processing, disclosure and/or
                                    transfer of any or all of Your Personal Information (as defined below), Sensitive
                                    Personal Information (as defined below) and NonPersonal Information (as defined
                                    below) by Freecharge, as specified under this Privacy Policy. You further agree that
                                    such collection, use, storage, disclosure and/or transfer of Your Information shall not
                                    cause any loss or wrongful gain to You or any other person.
Freecharge Payment Technologies Private Limited and any other person, directly or
                                    indirectly, controlled by, controlling, or under common control with, Freecharge
                                    Payment Technologies Private Limited, (
"Freecharge"
) is/are concerned about the
                                    privacy of the data and information of users (including merchants and
                                    buyers/customers whether registered or non-registered) accessing, offering, selling
                                    or purchasing products or services on the websites, mobile sites or mobile
                                    applications of a Freecharge (
"Website"
) and otherwise doing business with a
                                    Freecharge.
The terms
“We” / “Us” / “Our”
individually and collectively refer to each entity being part
                                    of the definition of Freecharge and the terms
“You” / “Your” / “Yourself”
refer to the
                                    users.
This Privacy Policy is a contract between You and the respective Freecharge whose
                                    Website You use or access or You otherwise deal with. This Privacy Policy shall be read
                                    together with the respective terms of use or other terms and conditions of the
                                    respective Freecharge and its respective Website or nature of business of the
                                    Website.
The Freecharge has provided this Privacy Policy to familiarize You with:
The type of data or information that You share with or provide to any Freecharge, and that
                                            any Freecharge collects from You;
The purpose for collection and usage of such data or information from You;
The information security practices and policies of Freecharge; and
The policy of Freecharge on disclosing, sharing or transferring Your data or information
                                            with/to third parties.
Amendment of Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may be amended / updated from time to time. We will notify You of any
                                        amendment of, or update to, the Privacy Policy, as is required under applicable laws.
Information collected and storage of Information
The information or data provided by You to a Freecharge or collected from You by the Freecharge
                                        may consist of
“Personal Information”
,
“Sensitive Personal Information”
and
“Non-Personal Information”
.
Personal Information
Personal Information is information or data collected that can be used to
                                            identify You.
                                            Personal Information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy shall include,
                                            but not be
                                            limited to:
(i) Your name, parent’s name, address, telephone number, e-mail address
                                                or other
                                                contact information;
(ii) Your date of birth;
(iii) Your gender, marital status;
(iv) Your occupation;
(v) Your internet protocol address;
(vi) identification code of the communication device which You use to
                                                access the
                                                Website or otherwise deal with any Freecharge;
(vii) any other information provided by You during Your registration
                                                process on the
                                                Website (other than Sensitive Personal Information);
(viii) information provided by You towards complying with know your
                                                customer
                                                norms, either as part of Our internal policies and as may be required
                                                under
                                                applicable laws;
(ix) information relating to query all packages installed on your device. The information
                                                collected through this process, including information about the other apps installed on
                                                your device, will be used to detect fraudulent activities.
(x) your Short Messaging Service (SMS(es)) that are stored on your device for the purposes of,
                                                including but not limited to, registering you and your device for payments services, OTPs
                                                for logins and payments, enhancing your security, bill payments and recharge reminders.
                                                (xi) details that you have given permission to upload, sync or import (such as phone status
                                                & identity, contacts, calendar, camera, microphone or short messaging system) any
                                                information set out in this Clause pertaining to third parties that is provided to Us, during
                                                Your use of the Website;
Such Personal Information may be collected in various ways including during the course of You:
(i) registering as a user on the Website;
(ii) registering as a merchant on the Website;
(iii) availing certain services offered on the Website. Such instances include but are not
                                                limited to making or participating in any online survey or contest, communicating with
                                                the customer service of any Freecharge by phone, email or otherwise or posting user
                                                reviews on the services / items available on the Website;
(iv) otherwise doing business, transacting or attempting to transact on the Website; or
(v) otherwise dealing with any of Freecharge.
We may receive Personal Information about You from third parties, such as social media
                                            services, commercially available sources and partners. If You access the Website through a
                                            social media service or connect a service on the Website to a social media service, the
                                            Information We collect may include Your user name associated with that social media
                                            service, any information or content the social media service has the right to share with us,
                                            such as Your profile picture, email address or friends list, and any information You have
                                            made public in connection with that social media service. When You access the Website or
                                            otherwise deal with any Freecharge through social media services or when You connect
                                            any Website to social media services, You are authorizing Freecharge to collect, store, use
                                            and retain such information and content in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Non-Personal Information
Freecharge may also collect information other than Personal Information or Sensitive Personal Information from You 
                                            through the Website when You visit and / or use the Website. Such information may be stored in server logs. 
                                            This Non-Personal Information would not assist Freecharge to identify You personally.
This Non-Personal Information may include:
(i) Your geographic location;
(ii) details of Your telecom service provider or internet service
                                                provider;
(iii) the type of browser (Internet Explorer, Firefox, Opera, Google
                                                Chrome etc.);
(iv) information about Your device, including Your hardware model, operating system and
                                                version, device name, device applications, unique device identifier, mobile network
                                                information, the Website You last visited before visiting the Website and information
                                                about the device's interaction with our Services; or
(v) clickstream data relating to Your activity on the Website, including but not limited to
                                                the duration of Your stay on the Website, date and time of Your access of the Website.
(vi) List of Installed Applications in your mobile phone for fraud detection and to offer
                                                personalised financial products.
Non-Personal Information is collected through various ways such through as the use of
                                            cookies. Freecharge may store temporary or permanent ‘cookies’ on Your computer. You
                                            can erase or choose to block these cookies from Your computer. You can configure Your
                                            computer’s browser to alert You when We attempt to send You a cookie with an option to
                                            accept or refuse the cookie. If You have turned cookies off, You may be prevented from
                                            using certain features of the Website;
Advertisements:
Freecharge may use Third Party Service Providers to serve advertisements
                                            on behalf of Freecharge across the internet and sometimes on the Website. They may
                                            collect Non-Personal Information about Your visits to the Website, and Your interaction
                                            with Our products and services on the Website.
Please do note that Personal Information, Sensitive Personal Information and NonPersonal
                                        Information may be treated differently as per this Privacy Policy.
Representations and Warranties
You hereby represent to Freecharge that, at all times during Your registration with Us:
the information You provide to Freecharge is and shall be authentic, correct, current and
                                            updated, and that You have all the rights, permissions and consents as may be required to
                                            provide such information (including Information pertaining to any third parties) to the
                                            Freecharge; and
Your providing the information to Freecharge and the consequent storage, collection,
                                            usage, transfer, access or processing of the same by Freecharge shall not be in violation of
                                            any third party agreement, laws, charter documents, judgments, orders and decrees.
The officers, directors, contractors or agents of Freecharge shall not be responsible for the
                                        authenticity of the information that You or any other user provide to any of Freecharge.
Purpose of collecting, using, storing and processing Your Personal Information/Non-Personal
                                    Information/Sensitive Personal Information
Freecharge reserves the right to collect, use, store, process and disclose Your Personal
                                            Information/Non-Personal Information/Sensitive Personal Information for any purpose
                                            that may be permissible based on the consent obtained from You. Freecharge uses
                                            Personal Information/Non-Perosnal Information/Sensitive Personal Information that is
                                            collected for lawful purposes associated with the functions and activities of Freecharge,
                                            while also respecting your privacy. Such purposes (“Purposes”) include but are not limited
                                            to:
(i) facilitating Your use of the Website or other services of Freecharge;
(ii) responding to Your inquiries or fulfilling Your requests for information about the
                                                various products and services offered on the Website;
(iii) providing You with information about products and services available on the Website
                                                and sending You information, materials, and offers about products and services of
                                                Freecharge;
(iv) sending You important information regarding the Website, changes in terms and
                                                conditions, user agreements, and policies and/or other administrative information;
(v) sending You surveys and marketing communications that Freecharge believe may be
                                                of interest to You;
(vi) personalizing Your experience on the Website by presenting advertisements,
                                                products and offers tailored to Your preferences;
(vii) helping You address Your problems incurred on the Website including
                                                addressing any technical problems;
(viii) if You purchase any product or avail any service from the Website,
                                                completing and fulfilling Your purchase. For example, having Your payments
                                                processed, communicating with You regarding Your purchase, and providing You with
                                                related customer service;
(ix) properly administering the Website;
(x) conducting internal reviews and data analysis for the Website (e.g., to determine the
                                                number of visitors to specific pages within the Website);
(xi) improving the services, content and advertising on the Website;
(xii) facilitating various programmes and initiatives launched by Freecharge by
                                                itself or through a collaboration with Third Party Service Providers or Banks;
(xiii) analysing how Our services are used, to measure the effectiveness of
                                                advertisements, to facilitate payments;
(xiv) conducting academic research and surveys;
(xv) protecting the integrity of the Website;
(xvi) responding to legal, judicial, quasi-judicial process and providing information on law
                                                enforcement agencies or in connection with an investigation on matters related to
                                                public safety, as permitted by law;
(xvii) conducting analytical studies on various aspects including user behaviour,
                                                user preferences etc.;
(xviii) permitting third parties who may need to contact users who have bought
                                                products from the Website to facilitate installation, service and any other product
                                                related support;
(xix) implementing information security practices;
(xx) determining any security breaches, computer contaminant or computer virus;
(xxi) investigating, preventing, or taking action regarding illegal activities and suspected
                                                fraud;
(xxii) undertaking forensics of the concerned computer resource as a part of
                                                investigation or internal audit;
(xxiii) facilitating payments/repayments for the use of the Website or other any
                                                other Freecharge services ;
(xxiv) tracing computer resources or any person who may have contravened, or is
                                                suspected of having or being likely to contravene, any provision of law including the
                                                Information Technology Act, 2000 that is likely to have an adverse impact on the
                                                services provided on any Website or by Freecharge;
(xxv) enabling a potential buyer or investor to evaluate the business of Freecharge; or
(xxvi) sharing, disclosing or transfer of such data in the event of any merger, acquisition,
                                                reorganization or sale of assets or business of Freecharge to a third party or in the event
                                                of bankruptcy of Freecharge
You hereby agree and acknowledge that the Personal Information/Non-Personal
                                            Information/Sensitive Personal Information so collected is for a lawful purpose,
                                            connected with a function or activity of Freecharge or any person on their respective
                                            behalf, and the collection of Personal Information/Non-Personal Information/Sensitive
                                            Personal Information is necessary for the Purposes.
Storage and Processing of Your Personal Information/Non-Personal Personal Information
Your Personal Information/Non-Personal Information/Sensitive Personal
                                            Information will primarily be stored in electronic form. However, certain data may
                                            also be stored in physical form.
We may store, collect, process and use Your data only within the Republic of India
                                            to the extent permissible under applicable laws
We may enter into agreements with third parties (Within India) to store or process
                                            Your Personal Information/Non-Personal Information/Sensitive Personal
                                            Information. These third parties may have their own security standards to
                                            safeguard Your Personal Information/Non-Personal Information/Sensitive Personal
                                            Information and We will, on commercially reasonable basis, require such third
                                            parties to adopt reasonable security standards to safeguard Your I Personal
                                            Information/Non-Personal Information/Sensitive Personal Information, as per the
                                            requirements of applicable laws.
Sharing and disclosure of Your Personal Information/Non-Personal
                                            Information/Sensitive Personal Information You hereby unconditionally agree and
                                            permit that Freecharge may transfer, share, disclose or part with all or any of Your
                                            Personal Information/Non-Personal Information/Sensitive Personal Information,
                                            within the Republic of India to Freecharge, Third Party Service Providers / Partners
                                            / Banks and Financial Institutions for one or more of the Purposes, government
                                            agencies upon directions of such agency, or to any other third party as may be
                                            required under applicable law. In case of any Personal Information/Sensitive
                                            Personal Information so transferred, shared, disclosed or parted with, We will
                                            contractually oblige the receiving parties of the information to ensure the same
                                            level of data protection adopted by Freecharge is adhered to by the receiving party.
You acknowledge and agree that, to the extent permissible under applicable laws,
                                            it is adequate that when Freecharge transfer Your information to any other entity
                                            within India, Freecharge will place contractual obligations on the transferee which
                                            will oblige the transferee to adhere to the provisions of this Privacy Policy.
Freecharge may transfer/disclose/share Non-Personal Information to third parties
                                            who support Our business, such as providing technical infrastructure services,
                                            analysing how Our services are used, measuring the effectiveness of
                                            advertisements, providing customer / buyer services, facilitating payments, or
                                            conducting academic research and surveys. Such transferees shall adhere to
                                            confidentiality obligations consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Notwithstanding the above, We use other third parties such as a credit/debit card
                                            processing companies, payment gateways, pre-paid cards etc. to enable You to
                                            make payments for buying products or availing services on the Website. When You
                                            sign up for these services, You may have the ability to save Your card details for
                                            future reference and faster future payments. In such case, We may share or disclose
                                            Your relevant Personal Information/ as necessary for the third parties to provide 
                                            such services, including Your name, residence and email address. The processing of payments or authorization is solely in accordance with these third parties’ policies, 
terms and conditions and We are not in any manner responsible or liable to You or
any third party for any delay or failure at their end in processing the payments.
Freecharge may also share Personal Information/Sensitive Personal Information
                                            with such third parties to whom Freecharge believes it is necessary to do so in order
                                            to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud,
                                            situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations
                                            of various terms and conditions or Our policies.
We reserve the right to disclose Your Personal Information/Non-Personal
                                            Information/Sensitive Personal Information when required to do so by law or
                                            regulation, or under any legal obligation or order under law or in response to a
                                            request from a law enforcement or governmental agency or judicial, quasi-judicial
                                            or any other statutory or constitutional authority or to establish or exercise Our
                                            legal rights or defend against legal claims.
You further agree that such disclosure, sharing and transfer of Your Personal
                                            Information/Non-Personal Information/Sensitive Personal Information shall not
                                            cause any wrongful loss to You or to any third party, or any wrongful gain to Us or
                                            to any third party.
Links to third party websites
Links to third-party advertisements, third-party websites or any third party electronic
                                            communication service may be provided on the Website which are operated by third
                                            parties and are not controlled by, or affiliated to, or associated with, Freecharge unless
                                            expressly specified on the Website.
Freecharge are not responsible for any form of transmission, whatsoever, received by
                                            You from any third party website. Accordingly, Freecharge does not make any
                                            representations concerning the privacy practices or policies of such third parties or
                                            terms of use of such third party websites, nor does Freecharge control or guarantee the
                                            accuracy, integrity, or quality of the information, data, text, software, music, sound,
                                            photographs, graphics, videos, messages or other materials available on such third
                                            party websites. The inclusion or exclusion does not imply any endorsement by
                                            Freecharge of the third party websites, the website's provider, or the information on
                                            the third party website. The information provided by You to such third party websites
                                            shall be governed in accordance with the privacy policies of such third party websites,
                                            and it is recommended that You review the privacy policy of such third party websites
                                            prior to using such websites.
Security & Retention
The security of Your Personal Information/Sensitive Personal Information is important
                                            to us. Freecharge strive to ensure the security of Your Personal Information/Sensitive Personal Information and to protect Your Personal Information/Sensitive Personal
                                            Information against unauthorized access or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or
                                            destruction. For this purpose, Freecharge adopts internal reviews of the data collection,
                                            storage and processing practices and security measures, including appropriate
                                            encryption and physical security measures to guard against unauthorized access to
                                            systems where Freecharge stores Your Personal Information/Sensitive Personal
                                            Information. Freecharge shall adopt reasonable security practices and procedures as
                                            mandated under applicable laws for the protection of Your Personal
                                            Information/Sensitive Personal Information. Provided that, Your right to claim damages
                                            shall be limited to the right to claim only statutory damages under Information
                                            Technology Act, 2000, and You hereby waive and release all Freecharge from any claim
                                            of damages under contract or under tort, to the extent permissible under applicable
                                            laws.
If You choose a payment gateway to complete any transaction on the Website, then
                                            Your credit card/debit card data may be stored in compliance with industry standards/
                                            recommended data security standards for security of financial information such as the
                                            Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard.
Freecharge may share Your Personal Information/Non-Personal Information with third
                                            parties under a confidentiality agreement which inter alia provides that such third
                                            parties shall not disclose the Personal Information/Non-Personal Information further
                                            unless such disclosure is for the Purpose. However, Freecharge is not responsible for
                                            any breach of security or for any actions of any third parties that receive Your Personal
                                            Information/Non-Personal Information. Freecharge is not liable for any loss or injury
                                            caused to You as a result of You providing Your Personal Information/Non-Personal
                                            Information to any third party (including any third party websites, even if links to such
                                            third party websites are provided on the Website).
Notwithstanding anything contained in this Policy or elsewhere, to the extent
                                            permissible under applicable laws, Freecharge shall not be held responsible for any loss,
                                            damage or misuse of Your Personal Information/Non-Personal Information/Sensitive
                                            Personal Information, if such loss, damage or misuse is attributable to a Force Majeure
                                            Event (as defined below).
A Force Majeure Event shall mean any event that is beyond the reasonable control of
                                            Freecharge and shall include, without limitation, sabotage, fire, flood, explosion, acts of
                                            God, civil commotion, strikes or industrial action of any kind, riots, insurrection, war,
                                            acts of government, computer hacking, unauthorised access to computer, computer
                                            system or computer network, computer crashes, breach of security and encryption
                                            (provided beyond reasonable control of Freecharge), power or electricity failure or
                                            unavailability of adequate power or electricity.
While We will endeavour to take all reasonable and appropriate steps to keep secure
                                            any Personal Information/Non-Personal Information/Sensitive Personal Information
                                            which We hold about You and prevent unauthorized access, You acknowledge that the
                                            internet or computer networks are not fully secure and that We cannot provide any
                                            absolute assurance regarding the security of Your Personal Information/Non-Personal
                                            Information/Sensitive Personal Information.
You agree that all Sensitive Personal Information shall be retained till such time required
                                            for the Purpose or required under applicable law, whichever is later. Personal
                                            Information/Non-Personal Information will be retained indefinitely.
Deletion of freecharge account
On receipt of account deletion request, FREECHARGE will delete your data and
                                            immediately stop collecting, storing, and using your personal information and other
                                            data, except as otherwise required by applicable laws and regulations or industry
                                            standards. For example, FREECHARGE will retain your transaction related details and
                                            corresponding data for compliance purposes as per RBI, PMLA and PPI Act & Guidelines
                                            respectively, for up-to Ten (10) years.
Legal Consequences of Account Deletion
Once the account is deleted, all related contractual relationships between you and
                                                FREECHARGE are terminated. The consequences of account deletion include but are
                                                not limited to the following:
You will not be able to use/access this account to log in (signing in) to the
                                                    FREECHARGE website, app, with your previous login credentials.
You will not be able to perform any operations that require the account access.
You will not be able to retrieve the personal information, transaction records,
                                                    business data, and historical information under the account.
You will not be able to use FREECHARGE services.
If you wish to create an account with the same mobile number and/or email id,
                                                    through which you had raised your account deletion request. In such case,
                                                    Freecharge shall consider and register you on its platform as new customer.
Not with standing contrary to the above, the deletion of your account does not mean
                                            that all your account operations and responsibilities before your account deletion are
                                            exempted or mitigated.
Customer can raise the Deletion request at care@Freecharge.com and the same shall
                                            be completed within a period of 90 days from the Date on which the request is received.
Indemnity
You shall indemnify and hold harmless Freecharge, its officers, directors, contractors or agents and
                                        any third parties relying on the Information provided by You for any losses, including all claims,
                                        damages, liabilities, deficiencies, assessments, interest, awards, settlements, penalties, fines,
                                        costs or expenses, suffered, incurred, sustained by, or imposed on Freecharge, as a result of,
                                        arising out of, with respect to, in connection with or by reason of a breach or non-performance of any of the terms, conditions, representations, warranties or covenants contained in this
                                        Privacy Policy by You.
User discretion and opt out
You agree and acknowledge that You are providing Your Personal
                                            Information/Non Personal Information/Sensitive Personal Information out of Your own
                                            free will. You have an option not to provide or permit Freecharge to collect Your Personal
                                            Information/Non Personal Information/Sensitive Personal Information or later on
                                            withdraw Your consent with respect to such Personal Information/Non-Personal
                                            Information/Sensitive Personal Information so provided herein, in writing, by sending an
                                            email to the grievance officer, details of whom are set out in clause 14 of this Privacy Policy,
                                            or to such other electronic address of the respective Freecharge as may be notified to You.
                                            In such case, You should neither visit the Website nor use any services provided by
                                            Freecharge nor shall contact Freecharge. Further, Freecharge may not deliver products to
                                            You, upon Your order, or Freecharge may deny You access from using certain services
                                            offered on the Website. Freecharge also reserves the right to store and not delete the data
                                            that is required for its operations to provide You with continuous usage of its services.
You can review, add or update Your Personal Information/Senstive Personal
                                            Information on a regular basis. Any Personal Information/Sensitive Personal
                                            Information found to be inaccurate or deficient, can be amended or corrected by
                                            You, as feasible. However, We will not be responsible for the authenticity of the
                                            Personal Information/Sensitive Personal Information provided by You to Us or to
                                            any other entity acting on behalf of Us. Kindly note that Freecharge shall retain Your
                                            previous Personal Information/Sensitive Personal Information in its records, as
                                            required under applicable law.
Grievance Officer
If You find any discrepancies or have any grievances in relation to the collection,
                                            storage, use, disclosure and transfer of Your Personal Information/Sensitive Personal
                                            Information under this Privacy Policy or any terms of the terms of use of Freecharge, and other terms and conditions or policies of any Freecharge, please contact the following
                                            personnel:
Mr. Nemash Simaria, the designated grievance officer
Phone: 01246634800
E-mail:
grievanceofficer@freecharge.com
Working Days: Monday to Friday
Working Hours: 9:30 am to 6:30 pm
For loans:
Mr. Soumitra Roy, Nodal Officer Axis Bank LTD. NPC1,
                                            5th Floor “Gigaplex”, Plot No .I.T.5, MIDC Airoli
                                            Knowledge Park, Airoli, Navi Mumbai – 400708
Email:
nodal.officer@axisbank.com
Call:
080-61865200 Timings:
                                                9.30 am to 5.30 pm Monday
                                                to Saturday (except 2nd and 4th Saturdays and bank
                                                holidays)
We will strive to address Your feedback and concerns in a timely and effective manner.
                                            The details of the grievance officer may be changed by Us from time to time by
                                            updating this Privacy Policy.
Business / Assets Sale or Transfers
By accepting this Privacy Policy, you hereby agree that, in the event of a merger, acquisition,
                                        reorganization or sale of assets or business of Freecharge to a third party or in the event of
                                        bankruptcy of Freecharge, Freecharge may transfer or otherwise share some or all of its assets,
                                        including Your Personal Information/Non-Personal Information/Sensitive Personal Information
                                        to such third party. Should such a sale or transfer occur, Freecharge will reasonably ensure that
                                        the Personal Information/Non-Personal Information/Sensitive Personal Information You have
                                        provided and which We have collected is stored and used by the transferee in a manner that is
                                        consistent with this Privacy Policy and with applicable laws. Any third party to which Freecharge
                                        transfer or sell as aforesaid will have the right to continue to use the Personal Information/Non
                                        Personal Information/Sensitive Personal Information that You provide to Us or collected by Us
                                        immediately prior to such transfer or sale for the Purposes.
Further Acknowledgements
You hereby acknowledge and agree that this Privacy Policy:
is clear and easily accessible and provide statements of policies and practices
                                            Freecharge with respect to Personal Information/Non-Personal
                                            Information/Sensitive Personal Information ;
provides for the various types of Personal Information/Non-Personal
                                            Information/Sensitive Personal Information to be collected;
provides for the purposes of collection and usage of the Personal
                                            Information/Non Personal Information/Sensitive Personal Information;
provides for disclosure of Personal Information/Non-Personal
                                            Information/Sensitive Personal Information; and
provides for reasonable security practices and procedures as per the applicable
                                            laws, rules and regulations for the time being in force.
Definitions
“Third Party Service Providers”
or
“Partners”
shall mean any third party entity with
                                            which any of Freecharge has a contractual arrangement for providing any kind of
                                            services to the respective Freecharge; and
“Banks”
shall mean various banks, financial institutions, payment system providers
                                            who are licensed by the Reserve Bank of India and with whom any of the Freecharge
                                            has entered into an agreement
Digital Lending Privacy Policy
Last Updated on 15th July, 2024
This privacy policy is a legally binding document between you and Freecharge.
                                The terms of this privacy policy will be effective upon your accessing any
                                digital loan/digital lending product available on the “website” (website/mobile
                                site/mobile application)
                                of Freecharge and will govern the relationship between you and Freecharge for your use
                                of the website.
                                This document is published and shall be construed in accordance with the provisions of
                                the Information
                                Technology (Reasonable Security Practices And Procedures And Sensitive Personal Data Or
                                Information) Rules,
                                2011 under the Information Technology Act, 2000; the Digital Lending Guidelines as
                                published and updated by
                                the RBI from time-to-time, and other applicable regulations.
This privacy policy shall be read together with the respective terms of use or other
                                terms and conditions of Freecharge,
                                including the general Privacy Policy which can be found on our website here:
https://www.freecharge.in/termsandconditions
.
                                This privacy policy shall be applicable to customers availing digital lending services
                                from Freecharge. However,
                                if you use any other services provided by us, the general Privacy Policy shall apply. We
                                will ensure that the
                                Personal Information collected from you when you avail our other services will not be
                                used for any of the
                                digital lending services we provide without your explicit consent.
This privacy policy describes how your data and ‘Personal Information’ is used for
                                facilitating loan products offered by our lending partners on the Freecharge website.
This policy may be amended / updated from time to time. We will notify you of any
                                amendment of, or update to, the policy; as required under applicable laws.
In this policy, Personal Information shall mean any information that relates to a
                                person; which can be used by itself to uniquely identify, contact, or locate a person,
                                or can be used with information available from other sources to uniquely identify an
                                individual.
Freecharge intends for this Privacy Policy to help you understand the following:
What Personal Information is collected from you when you avail loan products?
What do we do with the Personal Information we collect?
How do we secure your Personal Information?
What control can you exercise over the Personal Information we collect?
How long do we store the Personal Information collected?
How can you contact us for any Grievances you may have?
Freecharge follows a data collection approach that is strictly need-based, gathering
                                information only when necessary, and only when you have given explicit consent for the
                                same.
What Personal Information is collected from you when you avail loan products?
To facilitate your use of loan products, we may collect the following:
Personal Details:
Full name, date of birth, gender, email ID,
                                    mobile number, PAN Number, marital status, father's & mother's name, current and
                                    permanent address.
Employment & Income details:
Employment/ profession type, employer/
                                    company name, industry, registration type, individual & household income, office
                                    address.
Bank Details:
Bank account number, IFSC code, Bank name,
Information obtained from your mobile device by way of using our app like device
                                    information (including storage, model, mobile network, apps installed) but excluding
                                    phonebook, call logs, contacts and photos/media.
In addition, we may also request one-time access to certain features of your mobile
                                    phone like camera, microphone, location or any other facility, necessary for the
                                    purposes of credit assessment/on-boarding/KYC performed by lending partners. We do
                                    not collect or store any biometric data.
What do we do with the Personal Information we collect?
Any Personal Information we get from you is stored only in servers located within India,
                                and will only be used for limited purposes. These limited purposes may include
                                (non-exhaustively):
Facilitation of your loan application from our lending partners
Compliance with laws or orders from regulators, courts, or other authorized bodies
Maintenance and administration of our website
Improving our marketing to provide you with customized offerings and deals, etc.
Maintain and improve our products and services
To send communication, through SMS, Voice Call, IVR, WhatsApp or any third-party
                                    messaging platform, in relation to your use of the Platform or Services, or to
                                    address any grievances raised by you.
To undertake research and analytics for mitigating frauds.
No Personal Information will be shared with any third party unless you have given
                                explicit consent to us for the same, except for cases where such sharing is required as
                                per statutory or regulatory requirements. We will share the information collected with
                                third parties and our business associates for the purpose of availing technology
                                services and promotional/business communication. A list of all third parties we share
                                your Personal Information with (as per your explicit consent), is provided below:
Karza Technologies Private Limited
TSS Consultancy Private Limited
Karix Mobile Private Limited
MattsenKumar Services Pvt. Ltd.
Gupshup Technology India Pvt Ltd.
ValueFirst Digital Media Pvt Ltd.
Bureau ID India Pvt Ltd
Vansun Operations Private Limited
SAN Softwares Private Limited
Experian Credit Information Company of India Private Limited
How do we secure your Personal Information?
Your Personal Information is safe with us. We have implemented robust and
                                industry-standard procedures, in accordance with applicable laws, to safeguard Personal
                                Information and uphold security. It remains your responsibility to protect the security
                                of your login details. Our servers are situated within secure environments, reinforced
                                by firewalls and advanced security technologies, which effectively deter unauthorized
                                interference or external access. These measures are in place to prevent unauthorized
                                access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure appropriate data usage. Despite the
                                reasonable security measures applied across all our digital platforms and internet
                                connections, it is essential to acknowledge that security risks beyond our control, such
                                as hacking, virus dissemination, force majeure events, breaches of firewall, and secure
                                server software, may still pose potential threats. In the improbable incident of a data
                                breach; Freecharge will take necessary and appropriate steps to mitigate the damage and
                                to safeguard our user’s data. Further, reporting of such incident shall be done as per
                                the requirement of applicable laws.
While the information is shared with third parties as per purposes set out in this
                                Policy, processing of your Personal Information is governed by their policies.
                                Freecharge ensures stricter or no less stringent privacy protection obligations are cast
                                on these third-parties, wherever applicable and to the extent possible. Freecharge may
                                also share Personal Information with third-parties such as legally recognized
                                authorities, regulatory bodies, governmental authorities, and financial institutions as
                                per purposes set out in this Policy or as per applicable laws. In the event you suspect
                                that your personal information has/may have been compromised, you may reach out to our
                                grievance officer and inform him/her of the same. Freecharge will take reasonable
                                measure to redress the user’s above grievance.
What control can you exercise over the Personal Information we collect?
You will be able to contact the Grievance Redressal Officer (details provided below) if
                                you wish to revoke consent already granted for use of any data or for collection of
                                personal data, restrict disclosure to third parties, or if you wish for all your data to
                                be removed from our custody (Please note that some data may still be retained in order
                                to comply with applicable laws and regulations). You can raise the deletion request at
                                care@freecharge.com and the same shall be completed within a period of 90 days from the
                                date on which the request is received.
How long do we store the Personal Information collected?
Your information will be stored and retained by us for a period of 7 years, or until
                                necessary to fulfil the stated purpose(s) at the time of collection. The aforementioned
                                duration of seven years will be computed either from the moment your account is
                                terminated or from the most recent instance of accessing our services, whichever occurs
                                later. Further, upon any request by you for deletion, we will proceed to remove your
                                Personal Information, unless you have an ongoing loan or active service with us, or if
                                the retention of your Personal Information is mandated by relevant laws or regulatory
                                obligations.
Details of Lending Partners/ Service Providers
Links to the website of our lending partners for further/detailed information about the
                                loan products, the lender, the LSP (Us), particulars of customer care, link to Sachet
                                Portal, privacy policies, etc. are provided below.
How can you contact us for any Grievances you may have?
If you find any discrepancies or have any grievances in relation to the collection,
                                storage, use, disclosure and transfer of your data under this policy, any of the terms
                                and conditions, or other policies of Freecharge, please contact the following personnel:
Mr. Nemash Simaria,
Designated grievance officer
Phone: 9773840200
E-mail: grievanceofficer@freecharge.com
Working Days: Monday to Friday
Working Hours: 9:30 am to 6:30 pm
We will strive to address your feedback and concerns in a timely and effective manner.
                                The details of the grievance officer may be changed by us from time to time by updating
                                this policy.
Grievance Redressal for Axis Bank
Personal loan customers can connect to the bank through calls, email or by visiting
                                branch/loan centres. Axis bank has set a maximum 10 days response time period and if the
                                concerned customer is dissatisfied with the response received, he/she can escalate the
                                complaint to Level 2.
Level 1 -
Front End Channels
Contact number: 1860-419-5555/1860-500-5555
Complaint Registration:
https://application.axisbank.co.in/webforms/axis-support/index.aspx
Branches/Loan Centres: Customers can visit the “Locate Us” section of the
                                        website (www.axisbank.com) to get the details of the nearest branch or loan
                                        centre
Level 2 -
Circle Nodal Officer/Nodal Officer at HO
The concerned customer can communicate with Nodal officers of the bank if he/she is
                                    not satisfied with the solution provided at Level 1. The bank claims to reply within
                                    10 days and if the response received is unsatisfactory, he/she can escalate the
                                    matter to Level 3.
The customer can send an email/write a letter/call the Nodal Officer:
Write to
Email
Call
Mr. Ashish Rajput
Assistant Vice President
Nodal Officer Axis Bank LTD. NPC1, 5th Floor,
                                                “Gigaplex”, Plot No .I.T.5, MIDC Airoli Knowledge Park, Airoli, Navi
                                                Mumbai – 400708
nodal.officer@axisbank.com
Ph. 91-080-61865200
9.30 AM to 5.30 PM
Monday to Saturday (except 2nd and 4th Saturdays and bank holidays)
Level 3 –
Principal Nodal Officer
If the concerned customer still feels dissatisfied with the solution provided at
                                    Level 2, he/she can connect with the bank’s Principal Nodal Officer using the
                                    below-mentioned channels.
Write to
Email
Call
Ms. Deepti Radkar
Senior Vice President – II
Axis Bank Limited, NPC1, 5th Floor, Gigaplex, Plot no I.T.5,
                                                MIDC, Airoli Knowledge Park. Airoli, Navi Mumbai - 400708
pno@axisbank.com
Ph. 91-080-61865098
9.30 AM to 5.30 PM
Monday to Saturday (except 2nd and 4th Saturdays and bank holidays)
Disclaimers
Our website may display links to third party websites/applications that we cannot
                                control and we are not responsible for their activities.
We utilize cookies to enhance the services we provide, and to offer a personalized user
                                experience. Cookies are files sent from a web server and stored on your computer's hard
                                drive, serving to identify unique visitors and provide personalization. If you prefer
                                not to receive cookies, you have the option to disable them on your browser.
Terms of Use of Freecharge
Last Updated on 24th April, 2024
These Terms of Use, read with the Privacy Policy, are an electronic record under the
                                Information Technology Act, 2000, and the rules made thereunder and the amended
                                provisions pertaining to electronic records under various statutes as amended by the
                                Information Technology Act, 2000 and is enforceable against You (as defined hereinafter)
                                under law by way of Your acceptance hereof. This document is published in accordance
                                with the provisions of Rule 3 (1) of the Information Technology (Intermediaries
                                Guidelines) Rules, 2011 that require publishing the rules and regulations, privacy
                                policy and user agreement for access or usage of domain name www.freecharge.com
                                (
“Website”
), including the related mobile site, domains, and mobile
                                application (hereinafter collectively referred to as
“Platform”
).
Your use of the Platform and services provided through the Platform
                                (
“Services”
) are governed by the following terms and conditions
                                (
"Terms of Use"
) including any terms and policies which are
                                incorporated herein by way of reference along with any amendments / modifications made
                                by Freecharge at its sole discretion and posted on the Website, including by way of
                                imposing an additional charge for access to or use of the Services. These Terms of Use
                                are a binding legal agreement between You and Freecharge (both terms defined below) and
                                come into effect when You register for a Freecharge Account or upon Your usage of the
                                Platform and/or any Services.
For the purpose of these Terms of Use, wherever the context so requires "You" (with the
                                term “Your” or “Yourself” being construed accordingly) or "User" shall mean any natural
                                or legal person who registers for creation of an account with Freecharge
                                (
“Freecharge Account”
or
“Account”
) or surfs the
                                Platform or makes any transactions without registering on the Platform. Unless
                                explicitly mentioned hereunder, the term “Freecharge”, "We", "Us", "Our" shall mean
                                Freecharge Payment Technologies Private Limited, a company registered under the
                                Companies Act, 2013, having its registered address at 11
th
Floor, Tower C,
                                DLF Cyber Greens, DLF Cyber City, DLF Phase 3, Gurugram, Haryana 122022, and principal
                                office at 11
th
Floor, DLF Cyber Greens, Tower C, DLF Cyber City, DLF Phase 2,
                                Gurugram- 122002.
Our Services are very diverse and additional terms or product requirements shall apply
                                to certain Services. These Terms of Use are in addition to and not in derogation with
                                terms and conditions of any other Service provided by Freecharge either individually or
                                by affiliates of Freecharge (
“Affiliates”
) or by third parties. Thus,
                                when You use any of the Services provided by Us through the Platform, You will be
                                subject to the rules, guidelines, policies, terms, and conditions applicable to such
                                Services, and they shall be deemed to be incorporated into these Terms of Use and shall
                                be considered as part of these Terms of Use. If there is a conflict between these Terms
                                of Use and the additional terms, the additional terms will supersede these Terms of Use.
Please read these Terms of Use carefully before You use the Platform and/or any
                                Services. We reserve the right, at Our sole discretion, to change, modify, add, or
                                remove portions of these Terms of Use, at any time without any prior written notice to
                                You. It is Your responsibility to review these Terms of Use periodically for updates /
                                changes. Your continued use of the Platform following the posting of changes will mean
                                that You accept and agree to the revisions. As long as You comply with these Terms of
                                Use, We grant You a personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited privilege to
                                enter and use the Platform.
Eligibility:
The Platform and/or the Services should only be used
                                    or accessed by persons who are competent to enter into a legally binding contract
                                    under the Indian Contract, 1872. If You are a minor (i.e. You are under the age of
                                    18 years), You may use the Platform or Services only with the involvement of Your
                                    parent or guardian. Additionally, by agreeing to these Terms of Use, You represent
                                    that You are an Indian resident and have a valid and subsisting right, authority and
                                    capacity to enter into these Terms of Use and to abide by all of the terms and
                                    conditions contained herein. You also undertake that You are not impersonating any
                                    person or entity, or falsely stating or otherwise misrepresenting identity, age or
                                    affiliation with any person or entity. Freecharge reserve the right to terminate
                                    Your account and / or refuse to provide You with access to the Platform if it is
                                    brought to Our notice or if it is discovered that You do not qualify the eligibility
                                    criteria provided herein.
Registration and Your Freecharge Account:
You agree and understand that You are responsible for maintaining the
                                            confidentiality of the Account information i.e., Your password which,
                                            together with Your e-mail address (
“User ID”
), allows You
                                            to access the Platform. This User ID and password, together with any mobile
                                            number or other information You provide form Your "
Registration
                                                Information
." You agree to:
i. provide only current, accurate and complete information about
                                                Yourself in the course of registering to use the Services and
ii. maintain and promptly update the Registration Information, as
                                                necessary, to keep it true, accurate, current, and complete at all
                                                times. If You provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not
                                                current, or incomplete, or there are grounds to suspect that such
                                                information is untrue, inaccurate, not current, or incomplete, we may
                                                suspend or terminate Your Account and refuse any and all current or
                                                future use of the Services (or any portion thereof) and You will not
                                                have any cause of action against Us for such suspension or termination
                                                of Your Account. You agree that Freecharge shall not be liable or
                                                responsible for the activities or consequences of use or misuse of any
                                                information that occurs under Your Freecharge Account in cases,
                                                including, where You have failed to update Your Registration Information
                                                including Your revised mobile phone number and/or e-mail address on the
                                                Platform.
If You share or allow others to have access to Your Freecharge Account, by
                                            creating separate profiles under Your Account, or otherwise, they will be
                                            able to view and access Your Account information. You shall be solely liable
                                            and responsible for all the activities undertaken under Your Account, and
                                            any consequences therefrom. You may be held liable for losses incurred by
                                            Freecharge or any other User of or visitor to the Platform due to authorized
                                            or unauthorized use of Your Freecharge Account as a result of Your failure
                                            in keeping Your Account information secure and confidential or otherwise.
All information and instructions received from Your Freecharge Account will
                                            be deemed to have been authorized by You and the recipients of this
                                            information shall rely on its authenticity based on the use of Your
                                            password. You will be responsible for all actions taken by anyone accessing
                                            the services using Your username and password/one time password (OTP).
In the event of any dispute between two or more parties as to ownership of a
                                            particular Freecharge Account, You agree that Freecharge will be the
                                            arbitrator of such dispute. Freecharge’s decision (which may include
                                            termination or suspension of any account subject to dispute) will be final
                                            and binding on all parties.
Verification of Information:
You understand that when You access or use the Platform or Services, We may share
                                    some or all of the information You provide with the third parties and other
                                    statutory, regulatory, and governmental authorities. By accepting these Terms of
                                    Use, You authorize Freecharge to request for supplemental documentation at any time
                                    (before or after Your Freecharge Account has been activated), in order to verify
                                    Your identity, and the accuracy of the information provided. If We cannot verify
                                    that the Registration Information is accurate and complete, We may deny Your use of
                                    the Platform and Services, or close Your Freecharge Account at any time.
Ownership:
You acknowledge and agree that the Platform, the Services, including without
                                    limitation any content available on the Platform and all trademarks, service marks
                                    and trade names and other intellectual property rights associated therewith are, and
                                    will remain, the property of Freecharge and its licensors, as applicable. All
                                    content related to Freecharge’s corporate and business activities, whether embedded
                                    in the Platform or otherwise, including any text, graphics, logos, button icons,
                                    images, audio clips and software, is the exclusive property of Freecharge or its
                                    licensors and is protected by applicable laws. The compilation (meaning the
                                    collection, arrangement, and assembly) of any and all content on the Platform and
                                    Services is also the exclusive property of the Freecharge and is protected by
                                    applicable laws.
All software used on the Platform and the Services is the property of Freecharge or
                                    its licensors / software suppliers and protected by Indian and international
                                    copyright laws. Any use except as specifically permitted under these Terms of Use,
                                    including the reproduction, modification, distribution, transmission, republication,
                                    display, or performance, of the content on the Platform or the Services is strictly
                                    prohibited. All graphics, logos and service names are trademarks of Freecharge or
                                    its affiliates. Our trademarks should not be used in connection with any product or
                                    service without obtaining authorization from Freecharge, in any manner that is
                                    likely to cause confusion among Our customers, or in any manner that disparages or
                                    discredits Freecharge. The logos and trademarks of third parties on the Platform
                                    belong to respective third parties / brands.
License and Restrictions:
Subject to these Terms of Use, Freecharge grants You a limited, personal,
                                            non-assignable, non-transferable, nonexclusive, revocable, and
                                            non-sublicensable license to use and/or access the Platform and Services for
                                            such legitimate purposes that the Platform and Services intend to serve. You
                                            will be entitled to download and use any updates that We may make to the
                                            Platform and Services, subject to any additional terms, Weas and when these
                                            updates available. The license granted herein is revocable at any time and
                                            will continue until such time, when You cease to use or access the Platform
                                            and/or Services or Your use or access to the Platform and/or Services is
                                            terminated by Us.
You may not, nor may You permit any third party, directly or indirectly, to:
i. access or monitor any material or information on the Platform or
                                                Services or any associated system using any manual process or robot,
                                                spider, scraper, or other automated means;
ii. work around, bypass, or circumvent any of the technical limitations
                                                of the Platform or Services, use any tool to enable features or
                                                functionalities that are otherwise disabled in the Platform or Services,
                                                or decompile, disassemble, or otherwise reverse engineer the Platform or
                                                Services or otherwise exploit them for any commercial purpose;
iii. perform or attempt to perform any actions that would interfere with
                                                the proper working of the Platform or Services, prevent access to or use
                                                of the Services by Our other customers, or impose an unreasonable or
                                                disproportionately large load on Our infrastructure;
iv. copy, reproduce, alter, modify, create derivative works, publicly
                                                display, republish, upload, post, transmit, resell, or distribute in any
                                                way material, information, or Services;
v. post or transmit any file which contains viruses, worms, trojan horses
                                                or any other contaminating or destructive features, or that otherwise
                                                interfere with the proper working of the services;
vi. use and benefit from the Platform and Services via a rental, lease,
                                                timesharing, or other arrangement;
vii. downloading (other than page caching) of any portion of the services
                                                or any information contained therein, except as expressly permitted by
                                                Us
viii. transfer any rights granted to You under these Terms of Use;
ix. use the Platform and Services for the sale of firearms, firearm
                                                parts, ammunition, weapons, or other devices designed to cause physical
                                                harm;
x. use the Platform and Services for any illegal activity or goods or in
                                                any way that exposes You, other users, Our partners, or Freecharge to
                                                harm; or
xi. otherwise use the Platform or Services except as expressly allowed
                                                under these Terms of Use.
If We reasonably suspect that Your Freecharge Account has been used for
                                                an unauthorized, illegal, or criminal purpose, We may terminate or
                                                suspend Your Freecharge Account. Additionally, You give Us express
                                                authorization to share information about You, Your Freecharge Account,
                                                and any of Your transactions with law enforcement bodies and officials.
Compatible Mobile Devices and Third-Party Carriers:
We do
                                            not warrant that the Platform and/or Services will be compatible with Your
                                            mobile device or carrier. Your use of the Platform and/or Services may be
                                            subject to the terms of Your agreements with Your mobile device manufacturer
                                            or Your telecom carrier. You may not use a modified device to use the
                                            Services if the modification is contrary to the device manufacturer's
                                            software or hardware guidelines, including disabling hardware or software
                                            controls-sometimes referred to as ‘jail broken’.
Privacy Policy:
Please read Our Privacy Policy to understand Our
                                    practices which governs Your use of the Platform and Services. Any information
                                    (including Your personal information and/or sensitive personal data or information)
                                    provided by You on the Platform will be collected, stored, processed, transferred,
                                    or shared by Us in accordance with Our Privacy Policy. These Terms of Use are deemed
                                    to incorporate the Privacy Policy posted on this Website and accessible/embedded in
                                    the mobile application.
Your Content:
The Services may include functionality for uploading or providing suggestions,
                                    recommendations, feedback, photos, documents, and other materials or information
                                    ("
Content
"). You will not host, display, upload, modify, publish,
                                    transmit, update or share any Content through the Platform or Services that: (a)
                                    belongs to another person and to which the user does not have any right to, (b) is
                                    grossly harmful, harassing, blasphemous defamatory, obscene, pornographic,
                                    pedophilic, libelous, invasive of another's privacy, hateful, or racially,
                                    ethnically objectionable, disparaging, relating or encouraging money laundering or
                                    gambling, or otherwise unlawful in any manner whatever; (c) harm minors in any way;
                                    (d) infringes any patent, trademark, copyright or other proprietary rights; (e)
                                    violates any law for the time being in force; (f) deceives or misleads the addressee
                                    about the origin of such messages or communicates any information which is grossly
                                    offensive or menacing in nature; (g) impersonate another person; (h) contains
                                    software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to
                                    interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer resource; (i)
                                    threatens the unity, integrity, defense, security or sovereignty of India, friendly
                                    relations with foreign states, or public order or causes incitement to the
                                    commission of any cognizable offence or prevents investigation of any offence or is
                                    insulting any other nation; (j) is false, misleading, unlawful, obscene, indecent,
                                    lewd, pornographic, defamatory, libelous, threatening, harassing, hateful, abusive,
                                    or inflammatory; (k) encourages conduct that would be considered a criminal offense
                                    or gives rise to civil liability; (l) breaches or infringes any rights of any person
                                    or entity, including rights of privacy or intellectual property; (m) contains
                                    corrupted data or any other harmful, disruptive, or destructive files; (n) in Our
                                    sole judgment, is objectionable, or which may expose Freecharge and its Affiliates
                                    or its customers to harm or liability of any nature.
Single-Sign-On Services:
Freecharge offers a Single-Sign-On Service
                                    (“
SSO Service
”) which permit Users to use the login credentials of
                                    his/her Freecharge Account to access all web pages and online platforms operated by
                                    Freecharge (hereinafter the “
Participating Platforms
”) with single
                                    log-in access / data, without going through a separate registration process every
                                    time. The number of Participating Platforms may also vary in the course of time.
                                    With regard to the contractual relationships of the Users with the respective
                                    Participating Platforms and Services offered thereto, for which the SSO Service can
                                    be used in accordance with these Terms of Use, these Participating Platforms and
                                    Services may alternatively have their own terms and conditions which shall be
                                    available on the respective Participating Platforms. In order to be able to use the
                                    SSO Service, You must have a Freecharge Account. You are permitted to set up only
                                    one Freecharge Account.
In-App Services:
Freecharge facilitates purchase of and/or payments
                                    with respect to certain Services offered by third parties who have partnered with
                                    Freecharge to enable payments with respect to their services to be made through the
                                    Platform such as utility payments with respect to prepaid recharges for mobile,
                                    postpaid mobile bills, DTH bills, electricity, gas , insurance premiums etc. and
                                    payments with respect to third digital products such as electronic gift cards, bus
                                    tickets etc. In addition, We provide value added services such as bill presentment,
                                    bill reminders, and transaction history for transparency of transactions, etc.
                                    (“
In-App Services
”). By choosing to use In-App Services, You
                                    understand that Freecharge nor its Affiliates assumes no liability for the actual
                                    deliver of the products and/or services with respect to which payments are being
                                    made using the In-App Services. All obligations with respect to the delivery of
                                    products and/or services will be solely that of the third party service provider and
                                    not of Freecharge. Further, all payments made using In-App Services shall be final.
                                    Such transactions cannot be refunded, returned, or cancelled once initiated.
Specific terms and conditions with respect to certain In-App Services are as
                                    provided below:
Recharge/Bill Payment Services:
i. Description of Bill Payment Service: Freecharge provides third party
                                            payment services that allow You to make payments to certain third party
                                            service providers such as telecom recharges, payment of municipal dues,
                                            insurance premiums, etc. (“
Bill Payment Services
”). To be
                                            eligible to use the Bill Payment Services, You must be a resident of India.
                                            In order to use the Bill Payment Services, You may be required to provide Us
                                            with Your account information with billers You would like to make payments
                                            to (such as Your customer account number or customer ID) and any information
                                            necessary for Us to access Your accounts and bill/plan details with such
                                            billers (such as phone number, email address, etc.) ("
Bill Payment
                                                Account Information
"). By using the Bill Payment Services, You
                                            expressly authorize Freecharge to store, use and access the Bill Payment
                                            Account Information, on Your behalf solely for the purpose of providing the
                                            Services to You. As a risk management measure, Freecharge reserves the right
                                            not to process transactions which Freecharge in its sole discretion
                                            determines to be high risk, suspicious or fraudulent in any manner. You
                                            understand and agree that You are responsible for the accuracy of the
                                            information You provide with respect to each payment request You make,
                                            including the Bill Payment Account Information, telephone number, the amount
                                            of the transaction, etc.
ii. Scheduling Your payments: Payment posting times will vary depending upon
                                            the biller You select. When Freecharge receives a payment instruction, You
                                            authorize Us to send instructions to payment system providers to debit Your
                                            card/ bank account/prepaid account/card and remit payments to billers on
                                            Your behalf. Payments are subject to the policies and procedures of billers.
                                            We are not liable for processing delays by the biller, nor are We liable if
                                            You fail to schedule payment dates in a timely manner.
iii. Late charges: You are solely responsible for paying any and all late
                                            charges and penalties levied by a biller.
iv. Payment history: Freecharge does not send periodic statements showing
                                            Your bill payment history. You may access information about Your bill
                                            payment requests using the Platform. You should also confirm Your bill
                                            payment requests against any statements or payment records provided by the
                                            biller and Your payment source.
v. Failed Transactions: In case of prepaid payments, if money has been
                                            charged to Your card or bank account or pre-paid payment instrument and the
                                            service is not delivered by the service provider within 48 hours of the
                                            completion of the transaction, You may inform Us regarding the same by
                                            sending an email to
care@freecharge.in.
or reaching out to us through the Help and Support section. Please include
                                            the transaction details such as the biller name, account number/mobile
                                            number, payment value, transaction date and order number. Upon investigation
                                            if it is found that money has been charged to Your card or bank account or
                                            prepaid payment instrument and the service has not been delivered, the
                                            transaction amount will be refunded back to source within 21 working days
                                            from the date of receipt of Your email.
Bharat Bill Payment System:
i. Description of BBPS Service: The Bharat Bill Payment System service
                                            (“
BBPS Service(s)
”) is provided by Freecharge as an agent
                                            institution of Axis Bank Limited ("
Axis Bank
") and
                                            IndiaIdeas.com Limited. In order to avail/use the BBPS Service, You need to
                                            select the available biller on the Platform. Display of billers and their
                                            availability are subject to their availability/participation on the BBPS
                                            platform. Freecharge shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, or
                                            consequential loss or damage sustained by You with regard to payment of
                                            bills on account of system level error, system failure, stoppage of access,
                                            break-down in computer hardware or software systems including any break-down
                                            of internet services/breakdown of network arising on account of
                                            circumstances not attributable to Freecharge or beyond the control of
                                            Freecharge and/or any delay or default on the part of the service providers.
                                            On completion of payment, You are requested to note down the transaction
                                            reference ID for further grievance redressal, if any.
ii. To use the BBPS Services, You may be required to provide Us with billing
                                            payment account information. By using the BBPS Service, You expressly
                                            authorize Freecharge to access, fetch, use and store Your Bill Payment
                                            Account Information and bill details on an ongoing basis, on Your behalf for
                                            the purpose of providing BBPS Services to You.
iii. Settlement Cycle: Payments made using the BBPS Service will reach the
                                            biller within 3 business days.
iv. Charges: At present, Freecharge does not levy any charge for using the
                                            BBPS Services.
v. Customer Grievance Redressal Framework: Users may query a transaction,
                                            raise a complaint and check the status of such complaint through the BBPS
                                            CMS platform by clicking
here
.
Alternately, Users may reach out to Freecharge to register a complaint
                                            through any of the service touch points given hereunder:
Level 1: Customer can raise their grievances/disputes as below:
i) Chatbot: On Freecharge App - (Profile - Help & Support)
ii) E-mail: care@freecharge.com
iii) For Customer Complaints where a ticket number is generated, the resolution period is
                                                    10 Business Days.
Fraudulent Transaction and Account Block
24*7 Helpline: 9773579100
Level 2: Grievance Officer:
We aim to resolve all complaints at the first point of contact. In case the customer
                                                    doesn't get a satisfactory resolution to their query/complaint at Level 1 they can get in touch with the Grievance Officer with the ticket 
                                                    number and details of the grievance.
                                                    TAT of 5 Business days (excluding time taken by the customer to provide required
                                                    Information/documentation) for resolution/response.
Nemash Simaria, the designated grievance officer
Phone:
9773840200
Email:
grievanceofficer@freecharge.com
Working Hours:
9:30 AM to 6:30 PM (Monday-Friday; except bank holidays)
Postal:
Freecharge Payment Technologies Private Limited, DLF Cyber Green, 11
th
Floor,
                                                    Tower-C, DLF Cyber City, DLF Phase-3, Gurugram-Haryana-122002, India
Registered Office:
11
th
Floor, Tower C, DLF Cyber Greens, DLF Cyber City, DLF Phase 3,
                                                    Gurugram, Haryana 122022
CIN-
U74140DL2015PTC275419
Contact Number:
0124 663 4800
Level 3: Nodal Officer:
In case the grievance remains unresolved even after contacting various complaint
                                                    resolution channels or in the timelines mentioned above or if the customer is not satisfied
                                                    with the response, the customer can approach the Nodal Office along with the ticket
                                                    number. TAT of 5 Business days (excluding time taken by the customer to provide required
                                                    Information/documentation) for resolution/response.
Samarth Govila, the designated Nodal officer
Phone:
9773974200
Email:
nodal.head@freecharge.com
Working Hours:
9:30 AM to 6:30 PM (Monday-Friday; except bank holidays)
Postal:
Nodal Officer, Freecharge Payment Technologies Private Limited, DLF Cyber Green,
                                                    11
th
Floor, Tower-C, DLF Cyber City, DLF Phase-3, Gurugram-Haryana-122022, India
Registered Office:
11
th
Floor, Tower C, DLF Cyber Greens, DLF Cyber City, DLF Phase 3, Gurugram, Haryana
                                                    122022, India
Contact Number:
0124 663 4800
Resolution Time/Turn-Around Time (TAT)
Resolution time does not include time taken by the customer to provide required
                                                information/documentation.
If any case/transaction is related to third party or outside entity, then the TAT will be
                                                dependent on the respective banks/network providers/regulator/etc. Resolution time
                                                willinclude this TAT along with Freecharge’s internal resolution time.
Freecharge will make all efforts to resolve the complaint promptly but in case of any
                                                inadvertent situation where additional time is needed, Freecharge will inform the
                                                customer the reasons for the delay and provide expected timelines for resolution of the
                                                issue.
Grievance Redressal for Axis Bank
Personal loan customers can connect to the bank through calls, email or by visiting
                                                branch/loan centres. Axis bank has set a 10 days response time period and if the
                                                concerned customer is dissatisfied with the response received, he/she can escalate the
                                                complaint to Level 2.
Level 1 - Front End Channels
1- Contact number:
1860-419-5555/1860-500-5555
2- Complaint Registration:
https://application.axisbank.co.in/webforms/axissupport/LogAQuery.aspx?Level=2
3- Branches/Loan Centres:
Customers can visit the “Locate Us” section of the website
                                                    (www.axisbank.com) to get the details of the nearest branch or loan centre)
Level 2 - Circle Nodal Officer/Nodal Officer at HO
The concerned customer can communicate with Nodal officers of the bank if he/she is
                                                    not satisfied with the solution provided at Level 1. The bank claims to reply within 10
                                                    days and if the response received is unsatisfactory, he/she can escalate the matter to
                                                    Level 3.
The customer can send an email/write a letter/call the Nodal Officer:
Write:
Mr. Ashok Sunar, Nodal Officer Axis Bank LTD. NPC1, 5th Floor “Gigaplex”, Plot No
                                                    .I.T.5, MIDC Airoli Knowledge Park, Airoli, Navi Mumbai - 400708
Email:
nodal.officer@axisbank.com
Call:
080-61865200 Timings: 9.30 am to 5.30 pm Monday to Saturday (except 2nd and 4th
                                                    Saturdays and bank holidays)
Level 3 - Principal Nodal Officer
If the concerned customer still feels dissatisfied with the solution provided at Level 2, he/she
                                                    can connect with the bank's Principal Nodal Officer using the below-mentioned channels.
                                                    The bank has a defined turnaround time of 10 days for a response at this level
Write:
Ms. Deepti Radkar, Axis Bank Ltd, NPC1, 5th Floor, "Gigaplex", Plot No I.T.5, MIDC,
                                                    Airoli Knowledge Park, Airoli, Navi Mumbai-400708
Email:
pno@axisbank.com
Call:
08061865200, Timings: 9:30 am to 5:30 pm Monday to Saturday (except second and
                                                    fourth Saturdays and Bank Holidays)
Final Redressal and Closure of Grievance:
1. Where the complainant has communicated his acceptance of the company's decision on redressal
                                                of grievance communicated by grievance redressal; or
2. Where the complainant has not communicated his acceptance of the company's decision, within 7
                                                days from the date of communication of decision by Level 1 or Level 2 or Level 3, as the case may be.
vi. Grievance Closure:
1. Where the complainant has communicated his acceptance of the company’s
                                            decision on redressal of grievance communicated by grievance redressal; or
2. Where the complainant has not communicated his acceptance of the company’s
                                            decision, within 7 days from the date of communication of decision by Level
                                            1 or Level 2, as the case may be.
Gift Cards
i. Description: Freecharge allows You to purchase electronic pre-paid
                                            payments instruments (“
E-Gift Cards
”)
                                            of various third parties (“
Brands
”) through the Platform.
                                            These E-Gift Cards are sold by Qwikcilver Solutions
                                            Private Limited (“
Qwikcilver
”). All E-Gift Cards shall be
                                            valid for a period as per the terms decided and set
                                            out by the respective Brands.
ii. The E-Gift Cards can be redeemable on the websites and locations set out
                                            in the respective Gift Card terms and conditions. Please read the details of
                                            and terms and conditions associated with the E-Gift Card carefully before
                                            making the purchase.
iii. You understand and acknowledges that an E-Gift Card purchase by You
                                            cannot be exchanged for its value in cash, either in full or in part. You
                                            further acknowledge that the value stored/loaded in an E-Gift Card cannot be
                                            refunded or transferred in any manner whatsoever. E-Gift Card balance cannot
                                            be used to purchase another gift card.
iv. E-Gift Cards are normally delivered instantly upon purchase, however,
                                            sometimes delivery may be delayed due to technical issues. In such cases,
                                            You shall normally receive the E-Gift Card within 24 – 48 hours.
v. In the event of loss or theft of Your E-Gift Card or authentication data
                                            or in the event of any fraud/abuse being detected, You can send an email at
                                            support @woohoo.in or call Qwikcilver at 08067181401 during business hours
                                            (9 am – 11 pm).
Rental Payment Services
i. Description of Rent Payment Services: Freecharge enables You may make
                                            payment of house rent (“
Rent Payment Services
”) to Your
                                            landlord/lessor (“
Landlord
”) through its Platform. Your use
                                            of the Rent Payment Services means that You have authorized Freecharge to
                                            hold, receive and disburse funds in accordance with Your payment
                                            instructions.
ii. Freecharge shall require the following information to facilitate payment
                                            to the Landlord in accordance with
                                            Your instructions:
Details of the Landlord and their bank account
A copy of Your recent and active lease agreement
Rental amount to be transferred
Rental address
Landlord PAN card details (required if the rental amount to be paid
                                                exceeds INR 8333/-)
iii. The payment will be settled to Landlord within three (3) working days of
                                            receipt of the funds by Freecharge. You must submit the payment sufficiently
                                            in advance to include time for processing and settlement of the payment. It
                                            is solely Your responsibility to submit payments timely, so they are
                                            received by Your Landlord on or before Your rent payment due date.
iv. Description of Fees: You understand that You may be charged a fee with
                                            respect to Your use of the Rent Payment Services (“
Fee
”).
                                            The amount of the Fee will be displayed to You on the payment page. You
                                            agree to pay all such fees and charges as may be applicable and authorize Us
                                            to add the Fee to the amount of the payment instruction You provide. Taxes
                                            shall be payable by the customer as per applicable laws.
v. Accuracy of Information: You understand and acknowledge that You are
                                            responsible for ensuring the accuracy of the information You provide about
                                            each payment instruction made by You, including but not limited to bank
                                            account details of the Landlord. Once a payment has been initiated it cannot
                                            be reversed and Freecharge will not be liable in any way for any loss You
                                            may suffer as a result of a transaction being carried out in accordance with
                                            the instructions received by You.
vi. Our Relationship with You: Except for Our limited role in enabling the
                                            payment after receiving specific instructions from You, We are not involved
                                            in any underlying transaction between You, the Landlord, or any other
                                            customer. We are not an agent of the Landlord or any other registered
                                            customer of Freecharge.
You agree to not to make Freecharge party to or hold Freecharge responsible
                                            and/or liable for any issue or claim arising out for any dispute whatsoever
                                            between You and Landlord.
The customer is advised to obtain independent tax advice with respect to tax
                                            deducted at source or any other allied tax-related issues. Freecharge shall
                                            not be liable to provide any tax advice to the customer at any point in
                                            time.
vii. Risk Mitigation: Freecharge may delay, suspend, or reject a transaction
                                            for any payment(s) for any reason, including without limitation if We
                                            suspect the transaction poses a financial or security risk, or is
                                            unauthorized, fraudulent, suspicious, unlawful or in any way in violation of
                                            the applicable laws around such transactions or in violation of these Terms
                                            of Use, subject to dispute or otherwise unusual.
You agree not to use the Rent Payment Services for any unlawful activity. You
                                            understand that Freecharge reserves the right to investigate any suspicious
                                            activity or in response to any complaints or reported violations. When
                                            investigating any such activity, Freecharge reserves the right to report
                                            suspected unlawful activity to banks, regulators, and law enforcement
                                            agencies and to provide them with any relevant information including but not
                                            limited to personally identifiable data of the customer.
viii. Freecharge shall not be liable for errors You make in using the Rent
                                            Payment Services, including but not
                                            limited to the following:
You erroneously instruct Freecharge to submit a payment to a Landlord
                                                multiple times;
You instruct Freecharge to remit the wrong amount to a Landlord;
You provide Us with incorrect or incomplete information
Our Fee:
You understand that You may be charged a fee with respect
                                    to Your use of the Platform or Services. Further, We may also charge a fee with
                                    respect to certain optional valued added services that You elect to use. The amount
                                    of the fee will be displayed to You on the payment page. You agree to pay all such
                                    fees and charges as may be applicable to the Services You use and authorize Us to
                                    add the fee to the amount of the bill payment You request or bill You separately for
                                    such fees. You agree and accept that We reserve the right to change the fee
                                    structure from time to time.
Deals:
Users who register for a Freecharge Account are eligible to avail offers
                                            provided by various third parties (“
Deal Partner
”) listed
                                            in the “Deals” tab or displayed upon completion of transactions on the
                                            Platform (“
Deal(s)
”). Unless otherwise permitted by
                                            Freecharge and subject to conditions laid down by the Deal Partner, You are
                                            entitled to avail each Deal a maximum of 5 times. Each time You avail a
                                            Deal, a nominal fee of Re. 1 will be payable by You to Freecharge towards
                                            handling and convenience charges.
These Deals are only offered as incentive to and for convenience of Users.
                                            Freecharge is not selling/rendering any products/services being offered by
                                            the Deal Partner nor does Freecharge act as express or implied agent of the
                                            Deal Partner vis-a-vis the customers. Descriptions of the Deals and Deal
                                            Partner’s products and/or services are provided by the Deal Partner.
                                            Freecharge is neither guaranteeing nor making any representation with
                                            respect to the Deals being offered by the Deal Partner and is not
                                            responsible for sale/quality/features of the products/services under the
                                            offer through these Deals.
Deals offered on the Platform may also be available at other online
                                            platforms. The customer's discretion is advised in this regard. The use of
                                            the Deal would be subject to the terms & conditions of usage as stipulated
                                            by the Deal Partner. Any action taken or obligation created voluntary by the
                                            person(s) accessing/using such Deal(s) shall be directly between such person
                                            and the Deal Partner and Freecharge shall not be responsible directly or
                                            indirectly for such action so taken. Fulfillment of redemption requests
                                            against Deals featured on the Freecharge Platform are subject to
                                            availability of the products and warranties/restrictions placed by the Deal
                                            Partner at the time of the redemption. In case a Deal Partner fails to honor
                                            a Deal, the liability of Freecharge shall be limited to refunding the
                                            handling and convenience charges paid by You to Freecharge with respect to
                                            such Deal.
Reproduction, sale, or trade of Deal(s) is strictly prohibited. Freecharge
                                            reserves the right to disqualify any Freecharge Account from the benefits of
                                            the Deal program in case of any illegal, suspicious, fraudulent, or
                                            potentially fraudulent transaction/activity or misuse of the Program or part
                                            thereof.
Freecharge reserves the right to modify wholly or in part this program by
                                            any other program or terminate the program at any time without any prior
                                            notice to the You. Freecharge also reserves the right to offer/ withdraw any
                                            special items for a special set of User selected at its discretion, as well
                                            as the right to accept/ decline a User's request at its discretion.
If You avail any offers, discounts, cashbacks, coupons, etc.
                                            (“
Offers
”) provided by Us or Our partners, You are agreeing
                                            to comply with and accept the terms and conditions provided in respect of
                                            such Offers. Further, You understand that all terms and conditions provided
                                            with respect to any Offer shall form part of and shall be read in
                                            conjunction with these Terms of Use.
Rewards:
Subject to these Terms of Use, customers who register for a Freecharge
                                            Account may be eligible to receive Freecharge Rewards (“
Freecharge
                                                Rewards Program
”). As a part of the Freecharge Rewards Program,
                                            You may receive offers, scratch cards, discounts, cashbacks, coupons, etc.
                                            (“
Reward
”) provided by Us or Our partners.
Rewards program will be applicable on minimum transaction amount of Rs. 50
                                            or above. In case of UPI transactions, the Customer will be eligible for a
                                            Reward only if the Customer makes payment using a Freecharge UPI handle.
In order to be eligible to receive the Reward, the Customer will also be
                                            required to provide Freecharge access to the Customer’s location.
The Rewards Program is not open to residents of the states of Tamil Nadu,
                                            West Bengal Sikkim, Nagaland, or any other state where such contest/offer
                                            may be prohibited.
The Reward You receive may be determined basis factors such Rewards that You
                                            may have received in the past, payment methods that You may use, how often
                                            You use the Freecharge Platform, etc.
In case there is more than one offer available simultaneously, no two offers
                                            can be combined.
In case the Reward is in the form of a scratch card, the scratch card must
                                            be availed within 30 days. Any scratch cards which remain unused for 30
                                            days, will expire.
If You avail any Reward provided by Us or Our partners (“
Reward
                                                Program Partner
”), You accept the terms and conditions provided
                                            in respect of such Reward. Further, You understand that all terms and
                                            conditions provided with respect to any Reward shall form part of and shall
                                            be read in conjunction with these Rewards Program Terms.
Fulfillment of redemption requests against Rewards that may be offered by
                                            Reward Program Partners are subject to availability of the products and
                                            warranties/restrictions placed by the Reward Partners at the time of the
                                            redemption. In case a Reward Partner fails to honor a Reward, the liability
                                            of Freecharge shall be solely limited to providing the customer a substitute
                                            Reward as may be determined as suitable by Freecharge.
Freecharge reserves the right to modify wholly or in part the Freecharge
                                            Reward Program by any other program or terminate the Freecharge Reward
                                            Program at any time Offer without assigning any reasons or without any prior
                                            notice to the You, including but not limited to placing a cap on the number
                                            of times a customer will be eligible to receive a Reward under this
                                            Freecharge Rewards Program. Freecharge also reserve the right to offer/
                                            withdraw any special items for a special set of customers selected at its
                                            discretion. Freecharge reserves the right to disqualify any Freecharge
                                            Account from the benefits of this offer in case of any fraudulent
                                            activity/suspicious transactions.
Cashback:
Cashback received by the customer either upon redemption
                                    of a Freefund Code or Deal (subject to terms of the Deal Partners) or with respect
                                    to transactions made through Platform or using Services including any In-App
                                    Services (including Cashback received as a Reward), shall be in the form of
                                    ‘Freecharge Gift Instrument issued by Axis Bank’ (“
Cashback
”). The
                                    same shall be redeemable within 365 days from the date of issuance. You understand
                                    and acknowledges that the Cashback cannot be exchanged for its value in cash, either
                                    in full or in part. You further acknowledge that the value stored in the Cashback
                                    cannot transferred in any manner whatsoever.
Freefund Code:
This code entitles the customer to receive Cashback
                                    upon redemption (“
Freefund Code
”). The customer understands that
                                    the Freefund Code is not a prepaid payment instrument. The validity of a Freefund
                                    Code shall be as determined by Freecharge and conveyed to the customer at the time
                                    of issuance of the Freefund Code.
Payments:
All payments made through the Platform and/or with
                                    respect to Services availed shall be compulsorily in Indian Rupees. You understand
                                    and acknowledge that when You use any of the payment method/s available on the
                                    Platform for availing the Services, Freecharge Entities shall not be responsible for
                                    or assume any liability, whatsoever in respect of any loss or damage arising
                                    directly or indirectly to You due to:
Lack of authorization for any transaction(s), or
Exceeding the preset limit mutually agreed by You and between bank/s and/or
                                            other institutions used by You in
                                            making payment, or
Any payment issues arising out of the transaction, or
Rejection of transaction for any other reason(s) whatsoever.
Refunds:
In case any amount is transferred, or payment is made by
                                    You to any third party through the Platform or Services, Freecharge shall not be
                                    liable to refund such amount to You under any circumstances. If You erroneously send
                                    a payment to the wrong party or send a payment for the wrong amount (for instance a
                                    typographical error at Your end), Your only recourse will be to contact the party to
                                    whom You have sent the payment and ask them to refund the amount. Freecharge will
                                    not reimburse You or reverse a payment that You have erroneously made.
Communication:
FREECHARGE, OUR AGENTS, REPRESENTATIVES, AFFILIATES
                                    MAY COMMUNICATE WITH YOU THROUGH E-MAIL, SMS, TELEPHONE, CALLS USING PRERECORDED
                                    MESSAGES OR ARTIFICIAL VOICE, CALLS AND MESSAGES DELIVERED USING AUTO TELEPHONE
                                    DIALLING SYSTEM OR AN AUTOMATIC TEXTING SYSTEM, BY POSTING NOTIFICATIONS ON THE
                                    PLATFORM (INCLUDING PUSH NOTIFICATIONS) OR ANY OTHER MEANS OF COMMUNICATION. BY
                                    USING THE PLATFORM, YOU CONSENT TO RECEIVE SUCH COMMUNICATIONS FROM FREECHARGE IN
                                    RELATION TO THE PLATFORM AND/OR SERVICES, YOUR FREECHARGE ACCOUNT INFORMATION, OR
                                    ANY UPDATES/ CHANGES TO THE PLATFORM/ SERVICES AND/ OR OTHER PROMOTIONAL OR
                                    MARKETING COMMUNICATIONS FROM FREECHARGE AND ITS AFFILIATES.
Disclaimer of Warranties:
YOU EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT,
                                    TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, YOUR USE OF THE PLATFORM OR
                                    SERVICES IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK AND DISCRETION. THE PLATFORM IS LICENSED TO YOU
                                    "ASIS," "WITH ALL FAULTS," AND "AS AVAILABLE." YOU BEAR THE RISK OF USING IT.
                                    FREECHARGE AND/ OR ITS AFFILIATES GIVES NO EXPRESS WARRANTIES, GUARANTEES, OR
                                    CONDITIONS UNDER OR IN RELATION TO THE PLATFORM OR SERVICES. FREECHARGE AND/ OR ITS
                                    AFFILIATES EXCLUDE ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS, INCLUDING THOSE OF
                                    MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON- INFRINGEMENT.
FREECHARGE MAKES NO WARRANTY AGAINST AND WILL NOT BE LIABLE OR RESPONSIBLE FOR:
                                        (A) INTERFERENCE OF YOUR ENJOYMENT OF THE PLATFORM OR SERVICES; (B) LOSSES OR
                                        DAMAGES INCLUDING ANY PERSONAL INJURY ARISING FROM OR IN ANY WAY RELATED TO YOUR
                                        ACCESS OR USE OF THE PLATFORM AND/ OR SERVICES; (C) USE OF ANY CONTENT POSTED,
                                        TRANSMITTED, OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE THROUGH THE PLATFORM AND/ OR SERVICES;
                                        (D) FAILURE, SUSPENSION OR WITHDRAWAL OF ALL OR PART OF THE PLATFORM AND/ OR ANY
                                        SERVICE AT ANY TIME; (E) ANY BUGS, VIRUSES, OR THE LIKE WHICH MAY BE TRANSMITTED
                                        TO OR THROUGH THE PLATFORM OR SERVICES; (F) FUNCTIONAL, UNINTERRUPTED,
                                        ERROR-FREE OR BUG-FREE DELIVERY OF THE PLATFORM AND/ OR SERVICES; (G) SECURITY,
                                        RELIABILITY OR TIMELINESS OF THE PLATFORM AND/ OR SERVICES. ANY CONTENT OR
                                        MATERIAL DOWNLOADED THROUGH YOUR USE OF THE PLATFORM AND/ OR SERVICES IS AT YOUR
                                        OWN DISCRETION AND RISK AND YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE OR
                                        LOSS OF DATA OCCURRING ON YOUR DEVICE OR ANY OTHER LOSS OR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND
                                        RESULTING FROM THE DOWNLOAD AND USE OF THE PLATFORM AND/ OR SERVICES. NO ADVICE,
                                        COURSE OF CONDUCT OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM
                                        FREECHARGE OR ANY PARTY OR THROUGH THE PLATFORM AND/ OR SERVICES WILL CREATE ANY
                                        WARRANTY UNLESS EXPRESSLY STATED IN THESE TERMS.
WHILST FREECHARGE WILL UNDERTAKE ALL REASONABLE EFFORTS AND DUE DILIGENCE TO
                                        ENSURE SECURITY AND INTEGRITY, FREECHARGE WILL, IN PARTICULAR, NOT BE LIABLE FOR
                                        THE FOLLOWING: DELAY OR ERRORS IN TRANSMISSION AND/ OR STORAGE OF INFORMATION TO
                                        OR THROUGH FREECHARGE THAT MIGHT OCCUR FROM TIME TO TIME INTRUSION, DISTORTION,
                                        LOSS OR FORGERY OF DATA, ETC DUE TO ACT OF ANY THIRD PARTY, FAILURE OF ANY
                                        SOFTWARE AND/OR HARDWARE OR TELECOMMUNICATION SERVICE PROVIDER(S) USED BY
                                        FREECHARGE OR YOU OR ANY OTHER ACT BEYOND OUR REASONABLE CONTROL.YOU WILL BE
                                        LIABLE FOR ANY CONSEQUENCES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM ANYTHING TRANSMITTED OR
                                        CAUSED TO BE TRANSMITTED BY YOU, TO OR THROUGH THE PLATFORM AND/OR SERVICES.
THE PLATFORM AND SERVICES ARE CONTROLLED AND OPERATED FROM AND IN INDIA. WE MAKE
                                        NO REPRESENTATIONS THAT THE SERVICES ARE APPROPRIATE OR AVAILABLE FOR USE IN
                                        OTHER LOCATIONS. THOSE WHO ACCESS OR USE THE SERVICES FROM OTHER JURISDICTIONS
                                        DO SO AT THEIR OWN VOLITION AND ARE ENTIRELY RESPONSIBLE FOR COMPLIANCE WITH ALL
                                        APPLICABLE INDIAN LAWS, RULES, REGULATIONS, GUIDELINES INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED
                                        TO EXPORT AND IMPORT REGULATIONS AND RBI REGULATIONS. YOU SHOULD NOT USE THE
                                        SERVICE IF YOU ARE A RESIDENT OF A COUNTRY EMBARGOED BY INDIA, OR ARE A FOREIGN
                                        PERSON OR ENTITY BLOCKED OR DENIED BY THE INDIAN GOVERNMENT. UNLESS OTHERWISE
                                        EXPLICITLY STATED, ALL MATERIALS FOUND ON THE SERVICES ARE SOLELY DIRECTED TO
                                        INDIVIDUALS, COMPANIES, OR OTHER ENTITIES LOCATED IN INDIA.
Termination
Our Right:
We reserve the right, without notice and in Our
                                            sole discretion, to terminate Your access to, and use
                                            of, of the Platform and Services and to block or prevent Your future access
                                            to, and use of, the Platform and/or
                                            the Services. Upon termination, You must uninstall any copies of the
                                            Services from Your computer and/or mobile
                                            or other devices. We will not be liable to You for the termination of the
                                            services or for any consequence arising
                                            out of termination of the services.
Your Right:
You may terminate these Terms of Use by closing
                                            Your Freecharge Account at any time. Upon closure of a Freecharge Account,
                                            any pending transactions will be cancelled.
Termination for Force Majeure:
We will have the option to
                                            suspend or terminate these Terms of Use and the discontinue any Services
                                            with immediate effect on the occurrence of a force majeure event.
Effect of Termination:
We will not be liable to You for
                                    compensation, reimbursement, or damages in connection with Your use of the Platform
                                    or Services, or any termination or suspension of the Services. The termination of
                                    these Terms of Use does not relieve You of obligations to pay any fees or costs
                                    accrued prior to the termination and any other amounts owed by You to Us, and/or Our
                                    partners and service providers under these Terms of Use or terms with respect to any
                                    Services offered through the Platform.
Indemnification:
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless
                                    Freecharge, its Affiliates and agents and each of their respective officers,
                                    directors, employees, successors and assigns from and against any claim, proceeding,
                                    loss, damage, liability, cost, demand or expense (including but not limited to
                                    attorney's fees) of any kind arising out of: (i) Your access to or use of the
                                    Platform and Services; (ii) any breach of these Terms of Use or rules and/policies
                                    of any payment system providers; (iii) Your violation of the rights of a third
                                    party, including but not limited to infringement of any intellectual property,
                                    proprietary right or trade secret of any person or entity, or of any privacy or
                                    consumer protection right that is implicated herein; (iv) any violation of law or
                                    contractual obligation and any claims, demands, notices pursuant to such violation;
                                    (v) fraud, negligence or misconduct by You individually or in connivance with any
                                    third party; (vi) Your wrongful or improper use of the Platform and/or the Services.
                                    These obligations will survive termination of these Terms of Use.
Limitation of Liability:
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable laws, under no circumstance
                                            will Freecharge or its Affiliates, their respective directors, employees or
                                            agents be liable to You or any third party for personal injury, or any
                                            special, incidental, indirect, punitive, exemplary or consequential damages
                                            whatsoever, including, but not limited to, damages for loss of profits or
                                            revenues, goodwill, failure to transmit or receive any data, loss of
                                            confidential information, business interruption, loss of privacy, corruption
                                            or loss of data, failure to receive or backup Your data (or archived data),
                                            for any cause of action, including contract, tort (including negligence) or
                                            otherwise and any other loss whatsoever arising out of or in any way arising
                                            from or related to the use of or inability to use the Platform and/or
                                            Services, including without limitation any damages caused by or resulting
                                            from reliance by You on any information obtained from Us or that result from
                                            mistakes, omissions, interruptions, deletion of files, errors, defects,
                                            viruses, delays in operation or transmission or any failure of performance,
                                            whether or not resulting from acts of god, communications failure, theft,
                                            destruction or unauthorized access to Our records, programs or services; or
                                            following a failure, suspension or withdrawal of all or part of the Platform
                                            at any time, any third party content, software or functions used in
                                            connection with the Platform even if Freecharge or any or all of its agents
                                            have been advised of the possibility of such damages. In no event shall Our
                                            aggregate liability, whether in contract, warranty, tort (including
                                            negligence, whether active, passive, or imputed), product liability, strict
                                            liability, or other theory, arising out of or relating to the use or
                                            inability to use the services exceed any fee, You pay to Us, if any, to
                                            access or use the Services giving rise to the cause of action or Rupees One
                                            Thousand only (Rs. 1000/-), whichever is lesser.
In addition, We shall not be liable for errors You make in using the
                                            Platform and Services, including the following:
i. You erroneously direct Us to submit a payment instruction multiple
                                                time;
ii. You direct Us to process payment for the wrong amount;
iii. You direct Us to submit a payment instruction for a wrong party; or
iv. You provide Us with incorrect or incomplete information.
Any of the above issue(s) needs to be taken up directly with the payee.
You understand and acknowledge that We do not have control of, or liability
                                            for, the goods or services that are
                                            paid for via Service(s)
Your liability: Except as otherwise provided by law, You will be liable for
                                            any loss or damage resulting from Your breach of these Terms of Use or Your
                                            negligence, or which resulted from unauthorized, fraudulent, or dishonest
                                            acts by others (other than Us). You are liable for all payments that You
                                            make, or which are made or requested under Your Freecharge Account, even if
                                            that payment is unauthorized.
Some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties or the
                                            exclusion or limitation of certain damages. If these laws apply, some or all
                                            of the above disclaimers, exclusions or limitations may not apply. You agree
                                            that, if You are dissatisfied with the Services or any portion thereof, Your
                                            exclusive remedy shall be to stop using the Services.
Governing Law, Jurisdiction and Dispute Resolution:
These Terms of
                                    Use will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of India. You
                                    agree that any legal action or proceedings arising out of these Terms of Use may be
                                    brought exclusively in the competent courts/tribunals having jurisdiction in New
                                    Delhi in India and irrevocably submit themselves to the jurisdiction of such courts
                                    / tribunals. If any dispute, controversy, or claim arises under these Terms of Use
                                    or in relation to any Service or the Platform, including any question regarding the
                                    existence, validity, or termination of these Terms of Use (hereinafter
                                    “
Dispute
”), the parties shall use all reasonable endeavours to
                                    resolve such Dispute amicably. If the parties are unable to resolve the dispute
                                    amicably within 30 days of the notice of such dispute, Freecharge may elect to
                                    resolve any Dispute by a binding arbitration in accordance with the provisions of
                                    the Indian Arbitration & Conciliation Act, 1996 (hereinafter
                                    “
Act
”). Such Dispute shall be arbitrated on an individual basis and
                                    shall not be consolidated in any arbitration with any claim or controversy of any
                                    other party. The Dispute shall be resolved by a sole arbitrator, appointed in
                                    accordance with the Act. The seat of the arbitration shall be New Delhi and the
                                    language of this arbitration shall be English. Either You or Freecharge may seek any
                                    interim or preliminary relief from a court of competent jurisdiction in New Delhi
                                    necessary to protect the rights or the property belonging to You or Paytm (or any of
                                    Our agents, suppliers, and subcontractors), pending the completion of arbitration.
                                    Any arbitration shall be confidential, and neither You nor Freecharge may disclose
                                    the existence, content, or results of any arbitration, except as may be required by
                                    law or for purposes of enforcing the arbitration award. All administrative fees and
                                    expenses of arbitration will be divided equally between You and Freecharge. In all
                                    arbitrations, each party will bear the expense of its own lawyers and preparation.
                                    This paragraph shall survive termination of these Terms of Use.
No Obligation for Maintenance:
Freecharge has no obligation to
                                    monitor the functioning of the Platform. However, You acknowledge and agree that
                                    Freecharge has the right to monitor the functioning of the Platform electronically
                                    or otherwise from time to time and to disclose any information as necessary or
                                    appropriate to satisfy any law, regulation, or other governmental request, to
                                    operate the Platform properly or to protect itself or its service providers,
                                    alliance partners, visitors, Users. Freecharge reserve the right to refuse to post
                                    or to remove any information or materials, in whole or in part, that, in its sole
                                    discretion, are unacceptable, undesirable, inappropriate or in violation of the
                                    Terms of Use.
No Agency:
These Terms of Use and Your use of or access to the
                                    Platform are not intended to create an agency, partnership, joint-venture or
                                    employer-employee relationship between You and the Platform, Freecharge, any
                                    partner, except where otherwise specifically agreed or appointed.
Third Party Services and Links to Other Web Sites:
We may display
                                    third party content or advertisements through the services and may provide links
                                    that will take You to web pages and content of third parties that are not under Our
                                    control (collectively, "
Third Party Content
"). We make no
                                    representation, warranty, promise or guarantee whatsoever concerning any aspect of
                                    any Third Party Content, including without limitation regarding its accuracy or
                                    completeness. You agree that Your use of all Third Party Content is entirely at Your
                                    own risk. We provide Third Party Content solely as a convenience to You, and the
                                    provision of such a link is not an endorsement by Us of any aspect of the Third
                                    Party Content. You acknowledge and agree that We are not responsible or liable in
                                    any manner for any Third Party Content and undertake no responsibility to update or
                                    review any Third Party Content. Please remember that when You use a link to go from
                                    Our Platform to another website, Our Privacy Policy is no longer in effect. If You
                                    browse and interact on any other website, including those that have a link on Our
                                    Platform, this will be subject to that website's own rules and policies.
Assignment:
These Terms of Use, and any rights and licenses granted
                                    hereunder, may not be transferred, or assigned by You. We may assign, in whole or in
                                    part, the benefits or obligations of these Terms of Use. We will provide an
                                    intimation of such assignment to You, which will be binding on the parties to these
                                    Terms of Use.
Force Majeure:
We will not be liable for failure to perform under
                                    these Terms of Use as a result of any event of force majeure including but not
                                    limited to acts of god, fire, wars, sabotage, civil unrest, labour unrest, action of
                                    statutory authorities or local or state, central governments, change in laws, rules,
                                    and regulations, affecting Our and/or the payment system providers performance.
Waiver:
Unless otherwise expressly stated in these Terms of Use,
                                    the failure to exercise or delay in exercising a right or remedy under these Terms
                                    of Use will not constitute a waiver of the right or remedy or a waiver of any other
                                    rights or remedies, and no single or partial exercise of any right or remedy under
                                    these Terms of Use will prevent any further exercise of the right or remedy or the
                                    exercise of any other right or remedy.
Survival of Provisions:
These Terms of Use by their nature and
                                    content are intended to survive the performance hereof by any or all parties hereto
                                    and will so survive the completion and termination of this Terms and Conditions.
Severability:
If one or more provisions of these Terms are held to
                                    be unenforceable under applicable law(s), the remainder of these Terms will be valid
                                    and enforceable.
Waiver:
If You breach these Terms of Use and Freecharge takes no
                                    action, We will still be entitled to use Our rights and remedies in any other
                                    situation where You breach these Terms.
Non-Exclusivity:
It is agreed and clarified that these Terms of Use
                                    are being executed on a non-exclusive basis and the Parties are at liberty to enter
                                    into similar terms and agreements with others.
Grievance Officer:
In the event You have any queries/complaints
                                    regarding usage of Platform and/or Services, please contact
                                    grievanceofficer@freecharge.com. The complaints will be redressed in the manner
                                    provided under the Information Technology Act, 2000 and rules framed thereunder and
                                    Our Grievance Redressal Policy.
Notices:
All notices, requests, demands, waivers, and other
                                    communications required or permitted to be given under these Terms and Conditions
                                    will be in writing and to be sent to the following addresses:
For Freecharge:
Postal Address: 11
th
Floor, Tower C, DLF Cyber Greens,
DLF Cyber City, DLF Phase-3,
Gurugram, Haryana - 122002
Email:
care@freecharge.in
For You:
To the name and email address provided at the time of registration.
Or, in each case, at such other address as may be specified in writing to the
                                        other parties in accordance with the
                                        requirements of this clause. All such notices, requests, demands, waivers, and
                                        other communications will be
                                        deemed duly given
if by personal delivery, on the day after such delivery,
if by certified or registered mail, on the second day after the mailing
                                            thereof,
if by courier service or similar service, on the day delivered, or
if emailed, on the day following the day on which such email was sent,
                                            provided that a copy is also sent by
                                            registered mail
User Guidelines:
In consideration for granting you the rights hereunder, you hereby agree not
                                            to use the Platform for any purpose that is unlawful under any applicable
                                            laws and/or in violation of the terms of these Terms of Use and our Privacy
                                            Policy. You shall not use the Platform in any manner that could damage,
                                            disable, overburden, or impair our server, or any network(s) connected to
                                            any of Our server, or interfere with any other party's use and enjoyment of
                                            the Platform. You shall not attempt to gain unauthorized access to any
                                            functions and features, other user accounts, computer systems or networks
                                            connected to any Freecharge server, in any manner, including, through
                                            hacking, password mining or any other means. You shall not obtain or attempt
                                            to obtain any materials or information through any means which is not
                                            intentionally made available through the Platform.
The Platform is made available to you for your own personal and
                                            non-commercial use alone. You shall not allow third parties to: (i) make
                                            and/or distribute copies of the Platform or any deliverable generated by the
                                            Platform;
                                            (ii) attempt to copy, reproduce, alter, modify and/or reverse engineer the
                                            Platform; and/or (iii) create derivative works of the Platform.
                                            (iii) create derivative works of the Platform.
You accept that any and all operations emanating from your device shall be
                                            assumed to have been initiated by you.
You shall not copy, reproduce, distribute, or create derivative works of our
                                            content that is available on the Platform. Also, you shall not reverse
                                            engineer or reverse compile our technology that is available on the
                                            Platform, including, without limitation, such Java applet, as may be
                                            associated with the Platform from time to time.
You shall request Freecharge, to block the Account and change the passcode
                                            immediately for the Account, if your device has been lost or stolen.
You are responsible for any and all activities that occur in your Account.
                                            You agree to notify Freecharge immediately of any unauthorized use of the
                                            Account or any other breach of security. Freecharge shall not be liable for
                                            any loss to you or your organization owing to negligent actions or a failure
                                            on your part to inform Freecharge within a reasonable time, about loss or
                                            theft of your device and/or any unauthorized access in your Account, either
                                            with or without your knowledge.
You shall be liable for losses incurred by Freecharge or any other party due
                                            to a third party’s use of the Account. You shall not use any other person’s
                                            account at any time, without the permission of the account holder and
                                            Freecharge.
Freecharge shall make all reasonable efforts to ensure that your information
                                            is kept confidential. However, Freecharge shall not be responsible for any
                                            disclosure or leakage of confidential information and/or loss or damage of
                                            the device due to theft, negligence, or failure on your part to practice
                                            safe computing.
You shall ensure that while using the functions and features, all prevailing
                                            and applicable laws, rules, and regulations, shall at all times, be strictly
                                            complied with by You and Freecharge shall not be liable in any manner
                                            whatsoever for default of any nature, by you, regarding the same.
You understand and acknowledge that upon using the Product, you authorize us
                                            to access third party sites designated by you, on your behalf, to retrieve
                                            such information requested by you, and to register for accounts requested by
                                            you. For all purposes hereof, you hereby grant us a limited powers and
                                            hereby authorize us with the full power of substitution and re-substitution,
                                            for you and in your name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to
                                            access third party internet sites, servers or documents, retrieve
                                            information, and use your information, all as described above, with the full
                                            power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite
                                            and necessary to be done in connection with services and facilities
                                            available on the Platform, as fully to all intents and purposes as you might
                                            or could do in person. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT WHEN WE ACCESSES AND
                                            RETRIEVE INFORMATION FROM THIRD PARTY SITES, WE ARE ACTING AS YOUR AGENT,
                                            AND NOT THE AGENT OR ON BEHALF OF THE THIRD PARTY. You agree that such third
                                            parties shall be entitled to rely on the foregoing authorization, agency
                                            granted by you.
Warranties:
The Platform and the functions and features therein are provided on an "as
                                            is" and on an "as available" basis. We expressly disclaim all warranties of
                                            any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to the
                                            implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and
                                            non-infringement.
We shall make reasonable efforts to make available the Services and the
                                            Services at all times. However, we make no warranty that the Platform and
                                            the Services shall meet your requirements, be uninterrupted, timely, secure,
                                            and/or error free. Further we do not make any warranty as to the results
                                            that may be obtained from the use of the functions and features or as to the
                                            accuracy, reliability and/or quality of the output derived therefrom.
We shall not be liable for the loss and/or damage of the confidential
                                            information or data of the User arising as a result of an event or a series
                                            of related events, that is beyond our control including failures of or
                                            problems with the internet or part of the internet, attempted hacker
                                            attacks, hacker attacks, denial of service attacks and/or viruses or other
                                            malicious software attacks or infections.
Any material downloaded or otherwise obtained through the Platform is done
                                            at your own discretion and risk and you are solely responsible for any
                                            damage to your device or loss of data that results from the download of any
                                            such material. No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained
                                            by you from us through or from the service will create any warranty not
                                            expressly stated in these Terms of Use.
Terms and Conditions for FreeCharge balance account (Prepaid Payment Instrument) issued by
                            Axis Bank Limited
This document is an electronic record in terms of Information Technology Act, 2000
                                    and generated by a computer system and does not require any physical or digital
                                    signatures.
This document is published in compliance of and shall be governed by Indian law,
                                    including but not limited to (i) the Indian Contract Act, 1872; (ii) the Information
                                    Technology Act, 2000, the rules, regulations, guidelines and clarifications framed
                                    thereunder; (iii) the Payment and Settlement Systems Act, 2007 and applicable rules,
                                    regulations and guidelines made thereunder; and (iv) Reserve Bank of India act, 1934
                                    and the applicable rules, regulations and guidelines made thereunder for the bank
                                    for issuance and operation of pre-paid payment instrument and for money transfer (V)
                                    Master Direction- Know Your Customer(KYC) Direction, 2016 issued by RBI.
This document is disclosed in compliance with Section 21 of Payment and Settlement
                                    Systems Act, 2007 and as required to be disclosed under policy guidelines on
                                    issuance and operation of pre-paid payment instrument in India.
This agreement is a legally binding document between you and the bank (both Terms
                                    defined below).
                                    The Terms of this document will be effective upon your issuance of pre-paid payment
                                    instrument by
                                    the bank or your usage of pre-paid payment instrument and will govern the
                                    relationship between you and the Bank
                                    for the Use of Freecharge Balance Account and Services (defined below). These Terms
                                    are in addition to and not
                                    in derogation with Terms and Conditions of any other product or serives of the bank.
                                    Before Axis Bank Limited
                                    issues You the Freecharge Balance Account or before You use the
Freecharge
                                        Balance Account
                                        (Prepaid Payment Instrument) issued by Axis Bank Limited
, please read
                                    these TERMS & CONDITIONS carefully.
By offering to acquire, accepting or using Freecharge Balance Account, You are
                                unconditionally agreeing to
                                the Terms and Conditions set out below with Axis Bank Limited and will be bound by
                                them.
By agreeing to these Terms and Conditions, You represent the following:
You are 18 (eighteen) years old or older;
Capable of entering into a legally binding agreement;
You are an Indian resident;
You have not been previously suspended or removed from the Prepaid Payment Account
                                    Services or Single-Sign-On Services;
You have valid and subsisting right, authority, and capacity to enter into these
                                    Terms and Conditions and to abide by all
                                    of the terms and conditions contained herein; and
You are not impersonating any person or entity, or falsely stating or otherwise
                                    misrepresenting identity, age or affiliation
                                    with any person or entity.
All references in these Terms and Conditions to You or Your shall refer to the users or
                                Customer of
                                Website or Merchant Site(s). All references in these Terms and Conditions to We, Us, or
                                Our shall refer to
                                Freecharge, and their respective affiliates, as the case may be.
1. DEFINITIONS:
Unless the context requires otherwise the terms defined shall have the same meaning
                                attributed to them herein:
a)
"Applicable Law(s)"
shall mean all applicable central, state and local laws, statute, regulations, orders or
                                directives as may be amended and in effect or re-enacted from time to time, order or
                                other legislative action of any government authority to the extent having the force of
                                law and in each case, any implementing regulation or interpretation issued thereunder
                                including any successor Applicable Law;
b)
"Customer"
shall mean the registered user of Freecharge account who
                                also acquires Freecharge Balance Account from Axis Bank Limited
c)
"Freecharge Account"
shall mean the account created by the Customer by
                                using the services provided by Freecharge, upon the Customer “signing in” or “signing
                                up” for the purposes of entering into a Transaction with a Merchant or other Customer;
                                which would give the Customer access inter alia to FreeCharge Balance Account.
d)
"Freecharge Balance Account"
or
"Prepaid Payment
                                    Account"
shall means a) a Small prepaid payment instrument
                                and Full KYC prepaid payment instrument as the case may be, issued by Axis Bank Limited
                                and which is branded
                                with Freecharge Payment Technologies Private Limited(“
Freecharge
”) in
                                the form of a
                                virtual payment account (“Freecharge Wallet”) and/or (b) prepaid gift instrument(s)
                                issued by Axis Bank Limited
                                in the form of a virtual payment account (“Freecharge Gift Instrument”), which can be
                                used on the Website
                                or Merchants site(s) (a) to make payments for goods and services ("
Products
") purchased/availed through Merchant(s)
                                or for transfer of funds from one Customer's Freecharge Wallet to another Freecharge
                                Wallet if permissible under
                                Applicable Law or for any other purposes as may be specified from time to time by the
                                Bank.
e)
"Freecharge"
shall mean Freecharge Payment Technologies Private
                                Limited, a private limited company incorporated in India under the Companies Act, 2013
                                and having its registered office at 11
th
Floor, Tower C, DLF Cyber Greens,
                                DLF Cyber City, DLF Phase 3, Gurugram, Haryana 122022
f)
"Freecharge Wallet"
shall mean a Small prepaid payment instrument and
                                Full KYC
                                prepaid payment instrument as the case may be, issued by Axis Bank Private Limited in
                                the form of a
                                virtual payment account.
g)
"Freecharge Gift Instrument"
shall mean a prepaid gift instrument(s)
                                issued by Axis Bank Limited in the form of a virtual payment account.
h)
"Merchant(s)"
shall mean seller(s), retailers or e-commerce
                                marketplace or such other business entities who accept Freecharge Balance Account as
                                payment options for collecting payments from the Customer
i)
"Mobile Application(s)"
shall mean the software application(s) which
                                inter alia, enables Freecharge account through the mobile-device.
j)
"Prepaid Payment Account Services"
or
"Services"
shall mean the scheme under which Prepaid Payment Account is
                                issued by the Bank and
                                related services or functionalities as detailed under these Terms and
                                Condititonsenabling Customers to make Transaction.
k)
"RBI"
shall mean Reserve Bank of India.
l)
"Single-Sign-On Services"
shall mean the services provided by
                                Freecharge to Customers through
                                Freecharge account, or otherwise. For avoidance of doubt, the Freecharge Balance Account
                                is issued by Axis Bank
                                Limited but can be accessed through Single-Sign-On Services.
m)
"Terms and Conditions" shall mean these terms and conditions;
n)
"Transaction"
shall mean an online and offline purchase of Product; or
                                payments for
                                purchase of Products or for any other specified purpose to a Merchant; or to other
                                Customer, or transfer
                                of funds to any bank account, through Freecharge Balance Account or through any other
                                modes as determined by
                                the Bank from time to time and shall also include load/reload of Freecharge Balance
                                Account.
o)
"Website"
shall mean website having the domain
                                https://www.freecharge.in or mobile site, Mobile Application(s), or online front end or
                                back end interphases through which the Bank shall issue the Prepaid Payment Account
                                after creation of Freecharge account.
p)
"Axis Bank Limited"
or
"The Bank"
shall mean the Axis Bank Limited, a company incorporated
                                under the Companies Act, 1956 and
                                a banking company within the meaning of the Banking Regulation Act, 1949 and having its
                                registered office at
                                Axis Bank Limited, ‘Trishul’, 3rd Floor, Opp. Samartheshwar Temple, Near Law Garden,
                                Ellisbridge, Ahmedabad - 380 006.
2. INTERPRETATIONS
2.1. All references to singular include plural and vice versa and the word "includes"
                                should be construed as "without limitation".
2.2 Words importing any gender include the other gender.
2.3 Reference to any statute, ordinance or other law includes all regulations and other
                                instruments and all consolidations, amendments, re-enactments or replacements for the
                                time being in force.
2.4 All headings, bold typing and italics (if any) have been inserted for convenience of
                                reference only and do not define limit or affect the meaning or interpretation of these
                                terms.
2.5. These Terms and Conditions shall be independent of the terms and conditions of
                                Merchant(s)' site(s).
2.6. An "authorisation" or "approval" includes an authorisation, consent, clearance,
                                approval, permission, resolution, license, exemption, filing and registration.
3.
ISSUANCE AND REGISTRATION OF FREECHARGE BALANCE ACCOUNT / PREPAID PAYMENT
                                    ACCOUNT
3.1. The Prepaid Payment Account will be issued by the Bank to Customer on the request
                                of
                                the Customer and pursuant to the Customer making an application for registration of
                                Freecharge Balance Account
                                and agreeing to these Terms and Conditions and other applicable terms and conditions in
                                the manner prescribed
                                by the Bank in this regard, provided the Customer has fulfilled the eligibility and Know
                                Your Customer
("KYC")
criteria and provided all relevant information and/or
                                documentation request by the Bank.
3.2. A Customer desirous of acquiring a Prepaid Payment Account should apply to the Bank
                                using Website
                                or using Merchant's Site as mentioned on the Website and accept these Terms and
                                Conditions and other terms
                                and conditions as may be specified.
3.3 The Bank reserves the right to reject any application made for issuing a Prepaid
                                Payment Account without assigning any reason.
3.4 In order to acquire register, create and use a Prepaid Payment Account, the Bank may
                                require You to submit certain personal information, such as Your name, mobile phone
                                number, e-mail address, date of birth, preferred language of communication, etc as
                                amended by the Bank from time to time and any other data as per Applicable Law
("Data")
. You agree that the Data You provide to the Bank upon
                                registration and at all other times will be true, accurate, current and complete. You
                                shall immediately inform the Bank or its authorized service provider(s) about change in
                                Data along with such proof of change.
3.5 You hereby authorize the Bank, directly or through third parties, to make any
                                inquiries that the Bank may consider necessary to validate Your identity and/or
                                authenticate Your identity and Prepaid Payment Account information. This may include
                                asking You for further information and/or documentation about Your account usage or
                                identity, or requiring You to confirm identification by furnishing KYC documentation,
                                ownership of Your email address, telephone number or financial instruments, among
                                others. This process is for internal verification purposes. You agree and understand
                                that the Data as entered by You shall always be maintained by Bank's authorized service
                                provider(s).
3.6. The collection, verification, audit and maintenance of correct and updated Customer
                                information is a continuous process and the Bank reserve the right, at any time, to take
                                steps necessary to ensure compliance with all relevant and applicable KYC requirements.
3.7 Notwithstanding anything contained herein, You shall complete Your KYC verification
                                process through the e-KYC mode, as may be made available to You, You also agree to and
                                accept the below terms:
a. You hereby consent that the Bank may, through an authorized UIDAI regulated agency
                                (“Agency”), authenticate ’Know Your Customer’ (KYC) information through biometric and/or
                                One Time Password (OTP) based Adhaar authentication (“e-KYC”) and/or any other permitted
                                means for the purpose of fulfilling the KYC requirements mandated by the RBI, in a
                                manner as required under applicable laws.
b. You hereby allow Bank to obtain from the Agency, and to store Your e-KYC for a
                                period of 10 (ten) years from the date of termination of Your account with the Bank, or
                                any other period as mandated under any applicable laws.
c. You hereby declare that the details furnished by You are true, correct and
                                complete to the best of Your knowledge. You will keep the Bank and Freecharge
                                indemnified and harmless with regard to any inaccuracies, errors, discrepancies, etc. in
                                the information provided, or in case of any incomplete information provided.
d. . You confirm that You are aware of and have read the laws applicable in
                                relation to eKYC Data and that You are aware of Your rights and obligations thereunder
                                and under all applicable laws.
e. You agree that the Bank may also share Your information/ data for such
                                purposes as may be mandated under Applicable Law or any order/request of a regulatory/
                                statutory authority or Court.
3.8 The Bank reserves the right to discontinue the Services/ reject applications for
                                Prepaid Payment Account Services at any time if there are discrepancies in information
                                and/or documentation provided by You or if the information/documentation provided by You
                                is found to be incorrect or wrong. In such an event, the Bank reserves the right to
                                forfeit the balance therein to the extent and in accordance with Applicable Laws.
4
. EXTENT OF PREPAID PAYMENT ACCOUNT SERVICES
4.1. The amount that can be transacted in the Prepaid Payment Account is governed by
                                Applicable Laws including rules, regulations and guidelines laid down by RBI which
                                include monthly limits, transaction limits and balance limits on the Prepaid Payment
                                Account. Subject to any change in Applicable Law including guidelines/notifications
                                issued by RBI from time to time the limitations stated hereunder may be reviewed and
                                modified at the discretion of the Bank without prior intimation to the Customer:
4.1.1 Freecharge Wallet:
Small PPI:
(A) Minimum KYC Freecharge Wallet Features:-
Freecharge no longer issues Minimum KYC Wallet. In terms of RBI Master Directions all
                                existing minimum KYC
                                wallet are to be mandatorily converted into Minimum KYC + wallet or Full KYC, failing
                                which no further credit is
                                allowed in this type of wallet However, the customer can continue to use balance
                                available in his Minimum KYC Wallet.
(B) Minimum KYC + Freecharge Wallet Features:-
Sr No
Feature
Conditions
1
Currency of Issue
Indian Rupees
2
The maximum Outstanding Balance
The maximum outstanding balance must not exceed INR 5,000/- (Indian
                                                Rupees Five Thousand only) at any point in time
3
Loading or Re-loading funds
The total amount loaded or reloaded in the prepaid payment account
                                                during any given month shall not
                                                exceed INR 5,000/- (Indian Rupees Five Thousand Only) and the total
                                                amount loaded during the financial
                                                year shall not exceed Rs 60,000/- (Indian Rupees Sixty Thousand Only)
4
Debit from prepaid payment account
The total amount debited from the prepaid payment account during any
                                                given month shall not exceed INR 5,000/-
5
Cash withdrawal
Cash withdrawal of any amount from prepaid payment account is prohibited
                                                under RBI regulations.
6
Making the prepaid payment account inactive
In case of no financial transaction for a consecutive
                                                period of 1 (one) year in the Prepaid Payment Account, the Bank shall
                                                make the Prepaid Payment Account inactive.
7
Usage of the instrument
The instrument can be used only for purchase of goods and services. Fund
                                                transfer to other Freecharge Wallet(s) or to bank
                                                accounts is not permitted.
8
Validity Period
Lifetime.
However, wallet having no (Nil) balance and no financial transaction for consecutive 
                                                period of 1 (one) year shall expire on the date on which such wallets are marked 
                                                inactive pursuant to point 6 above.
Full KYC Freecharge Wallet
Full KYC Freecharge Wallet Features:-
Sr No
Feature
Conditions
1
Currency of Issue
Indian Rupees
2
Loading or Re-loading funds
The maximum outstanding balance must not exceed INR 1,00,000/- (Indian
                                                Rupees One Lac only) at any given point in time.
3
Funds transfer from prepaid payment account
(a) In case of pre-registered beneficiaries, the fund transfer limit
                                                shall not
                                                exceed Rs 1,00,000/- (Indian Rupees One Lac Only) per month per
                                                beneficiary.
                                                (b) for all other cases, fund transfer limit shall not exceed Rs 5,000/-
                                                (Indian Rupees Five Thousand Only) per month.
4
Making the prepaid payment account inactive
In case of no financial transaction for a consecutive period of 1 (one)
                                                year in the Prepaid Payment Account, the Bank shall make the
                                                Prepaid Payment Instrument Account inactive. The same shall be
                                                reactivated only after due diligence and validation to the satisfaction
                                                of the Bank.
5
Cash withdrawal
Cash withdrawal of any amount from Prepaid Payment Account is prohibited.
6
Usage of the instrument
The instrument can be used for money transfer, purchase of goods and
                                                services.
7
Validity Period
Lifetime
*Note: 1. KYC documentation shall be in line
                                with the prevailing RBI guidelines on (KYC) Know your Customer.
2. Above parameters and limit capping are subject to change as
                                per when new guidelines or Master direction on issuance
                                and operation of prepaid card as may be issued by RBI from time to time
4.1.2. Freecharge Gift Instruments
a. Maximum value of each such payment instrument shall not exceed INR 10,000/- (Indian
                                Rupees Ten Thousand Only).
b. The maximum number of instruments which can be held by an individual shall be 75
                                (seventy five) at any given point of time. The validity of the prepaid gift instruments may vary
                                between one year to three years as may be decided by the Bank at the time of issuance of
                                prepaid gift instrument. On the request of the Gift PPI Instrument Holder, instruments may be
                                re-validated at the discretion of the Bank for same term or for a shorter term.
c. These Gift Instruments are not re-loadable.
4.2 The said Prepaid Payment Account is valid for purchase of Products and Services and
                                Transactions
                                within territory of India in Indian Rupees only.
4.3 Prepaid Payment Account or Services thereunder is not transferable unless required by
                                operation of law.
4.4 The Customer shall be able to use the Prepaid Payment Account only to the extent of
                                the amount loaded onto the Prepaid Payment Account.
4.5 The Prepaid Payment Account shall be activated subject to the minimum amount being
                                loaded on the Prepaid Payment Account as may be
                                specified by the Bank from time to time and after creation of the Freecharge account.
4.6 The Customer or any other person permitted to load the Prepaid Payment Account may
                                credit the Prepaid Payment
                                Account through any of the methods prescribed from time to time.
4.7 The Customer may be able to carry out all or any kind of Transactions, as may be
                                available from time to time.
4.8 No cash withdrawal or cash remittance is permissible on the Freecharge Balance
                                Account. No interest will be payable by the
                                Bank to Customers on the available balance reflected on the Freecharge Balance Account.
4.9 The Customer is permitted to maintain and operate only one Freecharge Balance
                                Account.
                                Any suspected non-conformity with this requirement shall be just cause for the
                                suspension/ discontinuation of any/all
                                Prepaid Payment Accounts associated with the Customer.
4.10 The Bank may further as per its discretion introduce appropriate controls over the
                                usage of the Prepaid Payment Account.
5. NATURE OF USAGE
5.1 The Customer shall at all times ensure that the Freecharge account/ Prepaid Payment
                                Account credentials are kept
                                safe and shall under no circumstances whatsoever allow the Freecharge Account and
                                Prepaid Payment Account to be used by any other
                                individual. You shall be responsible for all facilities granted by the Bank and for all
                                related charges and shall act in good faith in relation to all dealings with the Prepaid
                                Payment Account and the Bank.
5.2 The Customer will be responsible for the security of the Prepaid Payment Account
                                including Freecharge account and shall take
                                all steps towards ensuring the safekeeping thereof. The Customer shall not disclose
                                his/her/its password to anyone verbally
                                or in writing nor record it elsewhere and if so done, same shall be at Customers’ sole
                                risk and peril.
5.3. The Customer will be liable for all charges incurred on the Prepaid Payment Account
                                until the Prepaid Payment Account is
                                reported for closure. You shall, immediately intimate the Bank of the occurrence of any
                                fraud, hacking or unauthorised use and
                                the Bank may, after due investigations, suspend or terminate the Prepaid Payment
                                Account.
                                It shall be solely Customers responsibility to ensure privacy and confidentiality of
                                Prepaid Payment Account details.
5.4 On creation of Prepaid Payment Account, You will have the opportunity to use various
                                interactive aspects
                                through which You can communicate with us and share information (collectively
"Posted Information"
).
                                It is important that You act responsibly when providing such Posted Information. Do not
                                use inappropriate language,
                                make gratuitous personal criticisms or comments. When participating in interactive
                                aspects of the Service, please
                                do include all relevant information in a concise manner to help us provide You with a
                                constructive response.
                                You agree and acknowledge that:
5.4.1 You are solely responsible for any Posted Information that You submit on the
                                Website or transmit to our Team and/or
                                other users of the Website;
5.4.2 You may not post, distribute, or reproduce in any way any copyrighted material,
                                trademarks, or other proprietary information without
                                obtaining the prior written consent of the owner of such proprietary rights. You may not
                                submit any content or material that
                                infringes, misappropriates or violates the intellectual property, publicity, privacy or
                                other rights of any party;
5.4.3 You may not provide any Posted Information that falsely expresses or implies that
                                such content or material is sponsored or endorsed by the Bank;
5.4.4 You may not provide any Posted Information that is unlawful or that promotes or
                                encourages illegal activity;
5.4.5 You understand and agree that the Bank may (but is not obligated to)
                                review and delete any Posted Information that in the sole discretion of the Bank
                                violates
                                these Terms or which might be offensive, illegal, or violate the rights of, harm, or
                                threaten the safety of other users of
                                the Website and/or any other person;
5.4.6 You acknowledge and agree that the Bank does not and shall not be required to
                                actively monitor nor exercise any editorial control
                                whatsoever over the content of any message or other material or information created,
                                obtained or accessible through the Services.
                                The Bank does not endorse, verify or otherwise certify the contents of any comments or
                                other material or information made by You.
                                You are solely responsible for the contents
                                of Your communications and may be held legally liable or accountable for the content of
                                Your comments or other material or information;
5.4.7 You agree that You will only provide Posted Information that
                                You believe to be true and You will not purposely provide false or misleading
                                information; and
5.4.8 The following is a partial list of the kind of content and communications that are
                                illegal or prohibited on/through
                                the Website. The Bank reserves the right to investigate and take appropriate legal
                                action in its sole discretion
                                against anyone who violates this provision, including without limitation, removing the
                                offending communication
                                from the Services and terminating the membership of such violators or blocking Your use
                                of the Services and/or
                                the Website. You may not post content that:
(a) belongs to another person and to which You do not have any right to;
(b) is grossly harmful, harassing, blasphemous defamatory, obscene, pornographic,
                                paedophilic, libellous,
                                invasive of another's privacy, hateful, or racially, ethnically objectionable,
                                disparaging, relating or
                                encouraging money laundering or gambling, or otherwise unlawful in any manner whatever;
(c) harm minors in any way;
(d) infringes any patent, trademark, copyright or other proprietary rights;
(e) violates any law for the time being in force;
(f) deceives or misleads the addressee about the origin of such messages
                                or communicates any information which is grossly offensive or menacing in nature;
(g) impersonates another person;
(h) contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs
                                designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer resource;
(i) threatens the unity, integrity, defence, security or sovereignty of India, friendly
                                relations with foreign states, or public order or causes
                                incitement to the commission of any cognizable offence or prevents investigation of any
                                offence or is insulting any other nation.
5.5. You will notify the Bank at care@freecharge.com upon coming across any
                                objectionable
                                content on the Website and the Bank shall use best efforts to remove such objectionable
                                content within the time period prescribed under Applicable Law.
5.6. The Customer shall inform the Bank in writing within seven (7) days, if any
                                discrepancies exist in the Transactions/ particulars of the Freecharge
                                Balance Account on any statement / records that is made available to the Customer. If
                                the Bank does not receive any information to the contrary within seven (7) days,
                                the statement and the transactions shall be deemed to be correct and unconditionally and
                                irrevocably binding on You. All records of Your
                                instructions and such other details (including but not limited to payments made or
                                received) maintained by the Bank, in electronic or
                                documentary form pursuant to the Terms and Conditions herein, shall as against You, be
                                deemed to be conclusive evidence of such instructions
                                and such other details. In case of any dispute relating to the time of reporting and/ or
                                Transaction/s made on the Freecharge Balance Account
                                or any other matter in relation to the said Freecharge Balance Account, the Bank shall
                                reserve the right to ascertain the time and/ or the
                                authenticity of the disputed Transaction. For customer care contact details, kindly
                                refer to the customer
                                grievance policy available on www.freecharge.in.
5.7. You may only use the Services for Transactions with the approved Merchants.
5.8. You must ensure the availability of sufficient funds before executing any
                                Transaction from the Prepaid Payment Account.
5.9. You agree to adhere to all Applicable Laws and all such regulations, guidelines and
                                rules
                                prescribed from time to time by the Bank, RBI and any other regulatory body.
5.10. The Customer agrees that he will not use the Prepaid Payment Account for payment
                                of any illegal/unlawful purchases/purposes.
5.11. You hereby agree and acknowledge that the Prepaid Payment Account is issued,
                                loaded, withdrawn,
                                terminated, closed down, suspended by the Bank only.
5.12. You shall be bound to comply with the terms and conditions and all the policies
                                stipulated by the Bank from time to time in relation to the Prepaid Payment Account. The
                                Bank may, at its sole
                                discretion, refuse to accept the application or to issue Prepaid Payment Account to the
                                Customer.
5.13. You shall not use the Services for any purpose that might be construed as contrary
                                or repugnant to any Applicable Laws, regulations, guidelines,
                                judicial dicta, the Banks policies or public policy or for any purpose that might
                                negatively prejudice the goodwill of the Bank.
5.14. You shall be permitted to redeem the outstanding balance in the Prepaid Payment
                                Account ,
                                if for any reason the scheme is being wound up or is directed by RBI to be discontinued.
5.15. You shall accept full responsibility for wrongful use of the Prepaid Payment
                                Account and which is in
                                contravention of these terms and conditions. You shall indemnify the Bank and Freecharge
                                and their respective
                                director, officers, personnel, contractors and agents, to make good any loss, damage,
                                penalties, claims, demand,
                                interest or any other financial charges (including lawyer fees) that the aforesaid
                                persons may incur and or suffer
                                whether directly or indirectly as a result of the Customer committing violations of
                                these terms and conditions.
5.16. The Bank reserves the absolute discretion and liberty to decline or honour the
                                authorization request on
                                the Prepaid Payment Account without assigning any reason thereto.
5.17. The Customer acknowledges and understands that the Services are linked to internet
                                connection (and in case of mobile,
                                mobile phone connection) and the Bank or its authorised service providers shall not be
                                responsible and the Customer is solely
                                responsible for all liability arising from including but not limited to any loss or
                                interruption of
                                the Services or the unavailability of Services due to a mobile or internet not
                                supporting Website or Merchant site(s).
5.18. The Customer acknowledge and understand that the information submitted by the
                                Customer for availing the Services or
                                information submitted while using
                                the Services may be shared with third parties inter alia, to facilitate the provision of
                                the Services.
5.19. The Bank may request the Customer to submit additional KYC information/documents
                                as part of ongoing monitoring and due diligence.
5.20. The Bank may at their sole discretion, utilize the services of external service
                                providers/or agents and on such terms as
                                required or necessary, in relation to Freecharge Balance and/or Services.
5.21. The Prepaid Payment Account shall not be used for the purchase of crypto currency.
6.
INFORMATION/DATA USAGE
6.1.Except for Posted Information that You submit, all of the information available on
                                or through the Services and/or the Website, including without
                                limitation, text, photographs, graphics and video and audio content, is owned by us and
                                our licensors and is protected by copyright,
                                trademark, patent and trade secret laws, other proprietary rights and international
                                treaties. You acknowledge that the Services and any
                                underlying technology or software used in connection with the Services contain the
                                Bank’s proprietary information.
                                We give You permission to use the aforementioned content for personal, non-commercial
                                purposes only and do not grant,
                                transfer, license any intellectual property rights to You or create any rights in Your
                                favour by virtue of permitting
                                Your use of the Services. You may print, download, and store information from the
                                Website for your own convenience,
                                but You may not copy, distribute, republish (except as permitted in this paragraph),
                                sell, or exploit any of the content,
                                or exploit the Website in whole or in part, for any commercial gain or purpose
                                whatsoever. Except as is expressly
                                and unambiguously provided herein, we do not grant You any express or implied rights.
6.2. THE CUSTOMER UNDERSTANDS THAT THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS PROVIDED ON MERCHANTS
                                SITE(S) SHALL
                                BE INDEPENDENT OF THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS MENTIONED HEREIN.
7. TRANSACTION AND LOADING OF PREPAID PAYMENT ACCOUNT
7.1 You can use multiple funding sources for loading money in the Prepaid Payment
                                Account.
                                These sources could be but not limited to, Credit Cards, Debit Cards, UPI, Net Banking,
                                and transfer from another Freecharge Wallet.
7.2 The Prepaid Payment Account may also be loaded by transfer of refund money of
                                Transactions carried out using services of Merchant(s) or such other manner as is
                                acceptable to the Bank. The Prepaid Payment Account may also comprise of Gift
                                Instruments issued by way
                                of incentives such as cash back, etc. by Merchant or third parties or such other manner
                                as is acceptable to the Bank.
7.3 The Bank may impose charges/ fees etc., payable by the Customer for availing the
                                said Prepaid Payment Account and funds shall be
                                loaded on the Prepaid Payment Account after deduction of the applicable charges/ fees
                                etc.
7.4 In order to manage risk, the Bank may limit the funding sources available for Your
                                use to fund any particular Transaction.
7.5 The Bank may monitor each Transaction made into Your Prepaid Payment Account to
                                monitor high-risk & fraudulent transactions. If Your Transaction is classified as a
                                high-risk Transaction or is suspected of fraud, the Bank may place a hold on the
                                Transaction and may ask You for more information on You and Your funding source. The
                                Bank will conduct a review and accordingly the Bank will either clear or cancel the
                                Transaction, as per Applicable Law. If the Transaction is cleared, Bank will notify You
                                and update Your Prepaid Payment Account. Otherwise, the Bank will cancel the Transaction
                                and the funds may be forfeited. The said funds will be refundable only to source account
                                upon valid demand raised by holder of source account. The Bank will notify You by email
                                and/or in
                                the account history tab of Your Prepaid Payment Account if the Transaction is cancelled.
                                You agree and understand that the Bank may, as per its internal security policies and
                                regulatory and statutory guidelines, report transactions to appropriate authorities
                                which it classify to be suspicious or fraudulent and the Bank shall not be liable for
                                any loss caused to You for the exercise of such rights by the Bank, even if any such
                                transaction is found to be regular and lawful at a later stage.
7.6 When You load the Prepaid Payment Account, You are liable to the Bank for the full
                                amount of the load plus any fees, if the load is later invalidated for any reason
                                including but not limited to chargeback, reversal of Transaction, dispute by the owner
                                of funding source of a Transaction, You agree to allow the Bank to recover any amounts
                                due to the Bank by debiting Your Prepaid Payment Account. If there are insufficient
                                funds in Your Prepaid Payment Account to cover Your liability, You agree to reimburse
                                the Bank through other means. If the Bank is unable to recover the funds from Your
                                primary funding source, the Bank may attempt to contact You and/or
                                recover the funds from Your alternate funding sources, or may at their discretion, can
                                take appropriate legal actions to collect the amount due, to the extent allowed by
                                Applicable Law. In addition, the Bank reserves the right to suspend or terminate Your
                                Prepaid Payment Account.
8. TRANSACTIONS IN PREPAID PAYMENT ACCOUNT
8.1 Full KYC Customer can choose to transfer the funds available in his Freecharge
                                Wallet to any bank account by way of
                                IMPS/NEFT in accordance with guidelines of RBI.
                                However, the Bank may deny such withdrawal in any of the events as specified in Clause
                                10.2 herein below.
8.2 The Bank reserves the right to delay withdrawals while screening for risk, or
                                request You provide additional
                                information to verify Your identity and may limit the amount You can withdraw until the
                                information is verified.
8.3 Any withdrawal found to be suspicious will be held back and reversed into the
                                Freecharge Wallet. The Prepaid Payment Account and
                                Freecharge Account will also be
                                suspended for operations and no Transactions will be possible pending an investigation.
                                A notification will be given to You if You are the subject of an investigation. If You
                                are able to provide a justification for the
                                withdrawal to the satisfaction of the Bank, Your account/Prepaid Payment Account will be
                                removed from suspension and You would be
                                free to transact using the Freecharge Wallet.
8.4 In the case of no information being provided by You for a suspended Prepaid Payment
                                Account, the Prepaid Payment Account
                                will continue to be suspended till its validity and the amount will be forfeited in
                                compliance with guidelines of RBI.
9. SUSPENSION OR DISCONTINUANCE OF SERVICES
9.1 Under no circumstances shall the Bank or any of its authorised service provider
                                shall be held liable for a
                                delay or failure or disruption of the Service resulting directly or indirectly from,
                                acts of nature, forces or
                                causes beyond its reasonable control including without limitation, internet failures,
                                computer, telecommunications
                                or any other equipment failures, electrical power failures or non-availability, strikes,
                                labour disputes, riots,
                                insurrections, civil disturbances, sabotage, wilful destruction, threat to national
                                security, shortages of labour
                                or materials, fire, flood, heavy rains, storms, explosions, Acts of God, war,
                                governmental actions, orders of courts
                                or tribunals or non-performance of third parties ("
Force Majuere
").
9.2 The Bank reserves the right, without prior notice and at its sole discretion, to
                                suspend, restrict, discontinue
                                or deny access to or Your use of Services provided by the Bank:
9.2.1 if You use or the Prepaid Payment Account is used or suspected to be used to
                                defraud any person or entity;
9.2.2 if You use the Prepaid Payment Account to engage in any unlawful activities
                                including without limitation
                                those which would constitute the infringement of intellectual property rights, a civil
                                liability or a criminal offence;
9.2.3 if You engage in any activities that would otherwise create any liability for the
                                Bank or for any of its contractors or agents;
9.2.4 for any suspected discrepancy in the particular(s), online application,
                                documentation provided by the Customer;
9.2.5 any Force Majeure reasons;
9.2.6 if the same is due to technical failure, modification, upgradation, variation,
                                relocation, repair, and/or maintenance due to any emergency or for any technical
                                reasons;
9.2.7 for any suspected violation of the rules, regulations, orders, directions,
                                notifications
                                issued by RBI and/or any other regulatory authority from time to time or for any
                                violation of the terms and conditions mentioned herein; or
9.2.8 if the Bank believes, in its reasonable opinion, that cessation/ suspension is
                                necessary
10. TERMINATION OF PREPAID PAYMENT ACCOUNT
10.1 Customer has the option to close the Prepaid Payment Account at any time. The
                                closure of such Prepaid Payment Account may be communicated to the Bank over
                                email at care@freecharge.com. Termination will be effective subject to payment of all
                                amounts outstanding on the Prepaid Payment Account and there is no unused Gift
                                Instrument.
                                In case the Customer wishes to close the Prepaid Payment Account and there is balance in
                                the Freecharge Wallet, the Customer can request the Bank to transfer the funds to
                                his/her
                                own bank account (duly verified by the Bank) after complying with the KYC requirements.
                                Balance lying in Gift
                                Instruments cannot be transferred to a bank account in case of closure of the Prepaid
                                Payment Account.
10.2 The Bank may also restrict, terminate or suspend the use of Prepaid Payment Account
                                at any time without prior notice if the Bank reasonably believes it
                                necessary for business or security reasons. The Prepaid Payment Account must not be used
                                after Prepaid Payment Account is suspended for
                                reasons mentioned under Clause 9 of this Document.
10.3 The Bank shall, upon adequate verification, block/suspend/close the Prepaid Payment
                                Account and terminate all facilities in
                                relation thereto following the
                                receipt of such intimation and shall not be liable for any inconvenience or loss caused
                                to the Customer in this regard.
10.4 Any value in Freecharge Wallet which is not utilized or withdrawn within 10 years
                                from the date of issuance will be
                                transferred to the Depositor Education and Awareness Fund. The Bank will send forty five
                                (45) days advance
                                communication to Customer before any forfeiture of outstanding amount in the Prepaid
                                Payment Account by SMS at
                                the mobile number and/or by email at email id which is provided by Customer for use of
                                the Services. It is the
                                responsibility of the Customer to ensure that the information provided by the Customer
                                including the email id
                                and the mobile number is updated at all times.
11. YOUR OTHER OBLIGATIONS
11.1 You shall be solely liable for entering into any Transaction and the risk arising
                                thereof.
11.2 You accept that at Your request and risk, the Bank has agreed to provide You the
                                Prepaid Payment
                                Account and You accept full responsibility for all Transactions recorded by use of Your
                                Prepaid Payment Account.
11.3 An instruction given by means of the Prepaid Payment Account shall be irrevocable.
11.4 You shall, in all circumstances, accept full responsibility for the use of the
                                Prepaid
                                Payment Account, whether or not processed with Your knowledge or Your authority,
                                expressed
                                or implied unless same is covered as per clause 13
11.5 You irrevocably authorize the Bank to debit the amounts
                                utilized by using the Prepaid Payment Account for Transactions from Your Prepaid Payment
                                Account.
11.6 You irrevocably authorize the Bank to debit the amounts utilized by using the
                                Prepaid Payment
                                Account for Transactions from Your Prepaid Payment Account.
11.7 The Bank will employ its best efforts in carrying out the
                                Transactions but will not incur any liability either to the Customer or any other person
                                for any reason
                                whatsoever including for its delay or inability to carry out a Transaction or an
                                instruction.
11.8 Any government charges, or debits, or tax payable as a result of the use of Prepaid
                                Payment Account shall be Your responsibility.
11.9 Amounts due and payable by Customer, if not paid separately shall be recovered by
                                the Bank from the funds available in the
                                Prepaid Payment Account to the extent permitted under Applicable Laws.
11.10 The Bank shall have discretion to not allow You to carry out a Transaction where it
                                has reason to believe that the
                                use of Prepaid Payment Account is not authorized or the Transaction appears ambiguous or
                                unclear or such as to raise a doubt.
12. WINDING UP OF PREPAID PAYMENT ACCOUNT AND CONSEQUENCES THERE TO
12.1 To the extent permitted under Applicable Laws, the Bank may at its sole
                                discretion close or wind up any Prepaid Payment Account Services or amend any of its
                                features with notice to You.
12.2 You hereby agree that, upon any closure or winding up of the Prepaid Payment
                                Account Services, You may
                                redeem the outstanding balance in Your Prepaid Payment Account or transfer the same to
                                any prepaid payment
                                instrument or bank account held/maintained by you with any third party with in such time
                                as may be
                                determined by the Bank, failing which, the Bank may transfer the balance in Your Prepaid
                                Payment
                                Account to Your another prepaid payment instrument issued by such entity having
                                authorisation from
                                RBI and with which the Bank has made appropriate arrangements.
12.3 In the unfortunate event of the death of the Customer, Freecharge acknowledges the
                                importance of providing support
                                to the nominee of the deceased. The nominee can contact Freecharge at
                                care@freecharge.com for any additional queries or
                                concerns regarding the user's account information/claim(s). Freecharge will make every
                                effort to assist the nominee in
                                accessing and managing the user's account in accordance with our policies and applicable
                                laws.
13.
INDEMNITY AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
13.1. The liability of the Bank or Customer for any unauthorized transaction shall be:
13.1.1. Zero Liability of a Customer- A customer’s entitlement to zero liability shall
                                arise where the
                                unauthorized transaction occurs in the following manner:
(a) Contributory fraud/ negligence/ deficiency on the part of the bank (irrespective of
                                whether or not
                                the transaction is reported by the Customer)
(b) Third party breach where the deficiency lies neither with the bank nor with the
                                customer but lies elsewhere
                                in the system, and the customer notifies the bank within
three working
                                    days
of receiving the communication from
                                the bank regarding the unauthorised transaction.
13.1.2. Limited Liability of a Customer- A Customer shall be liable for the loss
                                occurring due to unauthorised
                                transactions in the following cases:
(a) In cases where the loss is due to negligence by a customer, such as where he has
                                shared the payment credentials,
                                the Customer will bear the entire loss until he reports the unauthorised transaction to
                                the Bank. Any loss occurring after the
                                reporting of the unauthorised transaction shall be borne by the Bank.
(b) In cases where the responsibility for the unauthorised electronic banking
                                transaction lies neither with the Bank nor with
                                the Customer, but lies elsewhere in the system and when there is a delay (of
four to seven working days
after receiving the
                                communication from the bank) on the part of the Customer in notifying the Bank of such a
                                transaction, the per transaction
                                liability of the customer shall be limited to the transaction value or Rs 10,000/-
                                whichever is lower.
13.1.3. In case the Customer notifies the Bank
after seven working days
of receiving the communication from the Bank regarding
                                the unauthorized transaction, the Bank shall evaluate and determine the same as per the
                                Bank’s board approved policy.
Subject to above clause 13.1.2, on being notified of any unathorised trasanction, the
                                Bank shall credit the amount involved in authorised
                                transaction to Customer Prepaid Payment Account if it fails to resolve the complaint
                                within 10 working days from the date of notification.
13.2. The cumulative liability of the Bank to You for any and all other claims (other
                                than claims mentioned in Clause 13.1) relating to or
                                arising out of Your use of the Website or Services, regardless of the form of action,
                                exceed INR 1000/- (Indian Rupees One thousand only)
                                or as per applicable law, whichever is lower.
13.3 In consideration of the Bank providing the Customer with the facility of the
                                Prepaid Payment Account, You hereby agree to indemnify and
                                keep the Bank indemnified from and against all actions, claims, demands, proceedings,
                                losses, damages, personal injury, costs, charges and
                                expenses whatsoever (including lawyer's fees) which the Bank or its service providers
                                may at any time incur, sustain, suffer or be put to as
                                a consequence of or by reason of or arising out of directly or indirectly providing the
                                Customer the said facility of the Prepaid Payment
                                Account or by reason of the Bank's acting in good faith and taking or refusing to take
                                or omitting to take action on the Customer's
                                instructions, and in particular arising directly or indirectly out of the negligence,
                                mistake or misconduct of the Customer; breach
                                or noncompliance of the rules/ terms and conditions relating to the Prepaid Payment
                                Account or breach or noncompliance of Applicable
                                Law or fraud or dishonesty relating to any Transaction by the Customer.
13.4 Without prejudice to the foregoing, the Bank or its authorised service providers
                                shall be under no liability whatsoever to the
                                Customer in respect of any loss or damage arising directly or indirectly out of:
13.4.1 Any issue relating to the Products from Merchant;
13.4.2 the refusal to honour or to accept the Prepaid Payment Account registration;
13.4.3 the malfunction of any computer/point of sale terminal;
13.4.4 effecting Transaction instructions other than by a Customer;
13.4.5 handing over of the Prepaid Payment Account credentials by the Customer to a third
                                Party;
13.4.6 the exercise by the Bank of their right to demand and procure the surrender of
                                the Prepaid
                                Payment Account prior to the expiry, whether such demand and surrender is made and/ or
                                procured by
                                the Bank or by any person or computer terminal.
13.4.7 the exercise by the Bank of their right to terminate any Prepaid Payment Account;
13.4.8 any injury to the credit, character and reputation of the Customer alleged to
                                have been
                                caused by the repossession of the Prepaid Payment Account and/ or, any request for its
                                return or
                                the refusal of any Merchant honour or accept the Prepaid Payment Account;
13.4.9 any misstatement, misrepresentation, error or omission in any details disclosed by
                                the Bank
                                except as otherwise required by law;
13.4.10 If the Bank receives any process, summons, order injunction, execution distrait,
                                levy, lien,
                                information or notice which the Bank in good faith believes/ calls into question the
                                Customer's ability,
                                or the ability of someone purporting to be authorized by the Customer, to transact on
                                the Prepaid Payment
                                Account, the Bank may, at its option and without liability to the Customer or such other
                                person, decline to
                                allow the Customer to obtain any portion of his funds, or may pay such funds over to an
                                appropriate authority
                                and take any other steps required by Applicable Law. The Bank reserves the right to
                                deduct from the balance
                                available on the Prepaid Payment Account, a service charge and any expenses it incurs,
                                including without limitation
                                legal fees, due to legal action involving the Customer's Prepaid Payment Account;
13.4.11 In the event a demand or claim for settlement of outstanding dues from the
                                Customer is made, either by the
                                Bank or any person acting on behalf of the Bank, the Customer agrees and acknowledges
                                that such demand or claim shall
                                not amount to be an act of defamation or an act prejudicial to or reflecting upon the
                                character of the Customer, in any manner.
13.5 Each party acknowledges that the other party has entered into these Terms and
                                Conditions relying on the limitations
                                of liability stated herein and that those limitations are an essential basis of the
                                bargain between the parties. The exclusions
                                and limitations of liability contained in this Section 13 shall not apply to damages
                                arising out of or relating to gross
                                negligence or wilful misconduct of a Party; or caused by breach of Applicable Laws,
                                obligation of confidentiality or infringement
                                of intellectual property rights.
14. SPAMMING
14.1 You may not use contact information provided by us or other users or harvest such
                                information for the purpose
                                of sending, or to facilitate the sending, of unsolicited bulk communications such as
                                spam. You may not allow others
                                to use Your account to violate the terms of this section. We may terminate Your
                                membership or access to the Website
                                immediately and take other legal action if You or anyone using Your credentials violates
                                these provisions.
15. ADDITIONAL TERMS
15.1 Certain services on the Website may have additional terms (such as policies,
                                guidelines, and rules) that will further
                                govern Your use of that particular service and supplement these Terms. If You choose to
                                register for or access any such services,
                                You will be presented with any relevant additional terms and conditions at that time. By
                                using those services, You agree to comply
                                with such additional guidelines and rules.
16. DISCLAIMER
16.1 TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE SERVICE IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND
                                "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS, AND THE BANK HEREBY
                                EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT
                                LIMITED TO ANY WARRANTIES OF CONDITION, QUALITY,
                                DURABILITY, PERFORMANCE, ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, AVAILABILITY, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS
                                FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.
                                ALL SUCH WARRANTIES, REPRESENTATIONS, CONDITIONS, UNDERTAKINGS AND TERMS ARE HEREBY
                                EXCLUDED. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW,
                                THE BANK MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES ABOUT THE VALIDITY, ACCURACY,
                                RELIABILITY, QUALITY, STABILITY, COMPLETENESS OR CURRENTNESS
                                OF ANY INFORMATION PROVIDED ON OR THROUGH THE WEBSITE. Use of the Service is at Your own
                                risk. No advice or information, whether oral or
                                written, obtained by You from the Bank or through the Services will create any warranty
                                not expressly stated herein. Without limiting the
                                foregoing, the Bank does not warrant that the content is accurate, reliable or correct;
                                that the Services will meet Your requirements;
                                that the Services will be available at any particular time or location, uninterrupted or
                                secure; that any defects or errors will be
                                corrected; or that the Services is free of viruses or other harmful components. The Bank
                                will not be liable for any loss or damage
                                whatsoever or howsoever caused or arising, directly or indirectly, including without
                                limitation, as a result of loss of data; interruption or
                                stoppage of access to and/or use of the Services; interruption or stoppage Website;
                                non-availability of connectivity links/hyperlinks.
16.2 Any material downloaded or otherwise obtained through the use of the Service is
                                done at each Customer's sole discretion and
                                risk and each Customer is solely responsible for any damage to its computer system or
                                property or loss of data that results from
                                the download of any such material.
16.3 The Bank does not warrant, endorse, guarantee, or assume responsibility for
                                Products advertised or offered by a third party
                                through the Services or any hyperlinked website or Service, or featured in any banner or
                                other advertising, and the Bank will not
                                be a party to or in any way monitor any Transaction between You and third-party
                                providers of goods and/ or services.
                                Any advertisement by a third party through the Services shall not constitute or deems to
                                constitute as advice or
                                solicitation for sale/purchase of third party products or services by Axis Bank and is
                                not intended to create any rights and obligations.
16.4 The Services are controlled and operated from and in India. The Bank and/or its
                                authorized service provider(s) makes no
                                representations that the Services are appropriate or available for use in other
                                locations. Those who access or use the Services
                                from other jurisdictions do so at their own volition and are entirely responsible for
                                compliance with all Applicable Laws, rules,
                                regulations, guidelines including but not limited to export and import regulations and
                                RBI regulations. You may not use the Service
                                if You are a resident of a country embargoed by the India, or are a foreign person or
                                entity blocked or denied by the Indian government.
                                Unless otherwise explicitly stated, all materials found on the Services are solely
                                directed to individuals, companies, or other entities
                                located in India.
16.5 The Banks sole obligation and Your sole and exclusive remedy in the event of
                                interruption in Services or loss of use and/or access to
                                Services, will be to use all reasonable endeavours to restore the Services and/or access
                                as soon as reasonably possible.
16.6 The Bank makes no representations or guarantees regarding Merchants utilizing
                                Prepaid Payment Account. Use of Prepaid Payment Account
                                in no way represents any endorsement by the Bank of a Merchant's existence,
                                legitimacy/legality, ability, policies, practices, beliefs as well
                                as the Merchants Products and reliability. The Merchant alone will be responsible to the
                                Customer and neither we nor anybody connected to us
                                will have any responsibility or liability towards the Customer for goods and services
                                purchased from the Merchant.
16.7 The relationship between the Bank and the Merchant is on principal-to-principal
                                basis.
17. ADDITION, ALTERATION, WITHDRAWAL OF SERVICES AND AMENDMNET OF TERMS &
                                    CONDITIONS
:
17.1 The Bank may, at its sole discretion, and to the extent permissible under
                                Applicable Laws, make available to the Customer more
                                services or make alteration in the services on the Prepaid Payment Account, point of
                                sale terminals, internet or other wise and/ or other
                                devices through shared networks for the Customer's convenience and use. All fees and
                                charges related to Transactions done by the Customer
                                at these devices as determined by the Bank from time to time will be recovered by a
                                debit to the balance available on the Prepaid Payment
                                Account. The Customer understands and agrees that the shared networks may provide
                                different functionalities and service offerings and different
                                charges for different services. The Bank shall also, in its sole discretion, at any
                                time, without notice to the Customer, be entitled to withdraw,
                                discontinue, cancel, suspend/ or terminate the facility to use the Prepaid Payment
                                Account and/ or services related to it,
                                at POS Terminal/ Internet/ other devices within India and shall not be liable to the
                                Customer for any loss or damage suffered
                                by him resulting in any way from such withdrawal, discontinuance, cancellation,
                                suspension or termination.
17.2 We have the right, at our sole and absolute discretion, to change, modify, or amend
                                any portion of these Terms of Service at any
                                time by posting notification on https://www.freecharge.in or otherwise communicating the
                                notification to You. The changes will become
                                effective, and shall be deemed accepted by You, after the initial posting and shall
                                apply on a going-forward basis with respect to
                                Transactions initiated after the posting date. You should make sure You view these Terms
                                and Conditions periodically to make sure
                                You are familiar with their most recent version. In the event that You do not agree with
                                any such modification, Your sole and
                                exclusive remedy is to terminate Your use of the Services.
18. DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION AND INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
18.1 The Bank reserves the right to disclose the Customer's information to any court of
                                competent jurisdiction,
                                quasi-judicial authorities, law enforcement agencies, regulatory authority and any other
                                wing of Central Government
                                or State Government. The Customer hereby consents to sharing of their information with
                                the Bank and its authorized
                                service provider(s) or agencies or partners for providing Services in relation to the
                                Prepaid Payment Account.
18.2 Any information relating to the Customer is generally used to provide the Services,
                                improve the Services and
                                otherwise for a detailed overview of what kind of information that the Bank collects,
                                stores, uses, shares, please
                                go through the privacy policy available on the Website.
18.3 The user interfaces, graphics, logos, design, compilation, information, computer
                                code (including source code
                                and object code), products, software, services, and all other elements of the Service
                                provided by the Bank are
                                protected by copyright, designs, patent, and trademark laws, international conventions
                                and other applicable
                                intellectual property and proprietary rights of either the Bank or authorised service
                                provider(s) of the Bank.
18.4 Nothing contained herein shall authorize the Customer to use, apply, invade or in
                                any manner exploit or
                                infringe the intellectual property rights of the Bank, and the usage of the same shall
                                be in compliance with
                                these Terms and Conditions and such approval and policies as may be notified from time
                                to time. In addition,
                                Customer undertakes not to infringe the intellectual property rights of any third party.
18.5 The Customer undertakes not to infringe the intellectual property rights of the
                                Bank, whether directly
                                or indirectly through any third party. The Customer warrants that it shall only use the
                                Website, software
                                application and the Services for the purposes of these Terms and Conditions. Customer or
                                any other person
                                empowered by the Customer shall not use the Website and software application and/or the
                                Bank’s services
                                and software in any form whatsoever, so as to:
18.5.1 design, realize, distribute or market a similar or equivalent software program;
18.5.2 adapt, modify, transform or rearrange the Bank or its third party service
                                provider's
                                software applications and Website or Merchant website for any reason whatsoever,
                                including for
                                the purpose, among other things, of creating a new software program or a derivative
                                software program;
18.5.3 allow unauthorized use of or access to the Bank software applications and
                                Merchant's website;
18.5.4 disassemble, reverse engineer, decompile, decode or attempt to decode the Bank
                                software applications and Merchant's website;
18.5.5 allow the Bank software applications and Merchant's website to be disassembled,
                                reverse engineered, decompiled or decoded; and/or
18.5.6 in any way override or break down any protection system integrated into the Bank
                                software applications and Merchant's website.
19. DISPUTES
19.1 These Terms and Conditions will be governed by and be construed in accordance with
                                the laws of India. All disputes are subject
                                to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts in New Delhi, irrespective of whether any
                                other Court may have concurrent jurisdiction
                                in the matter. Each party hereby irrevocably waives any objection which such party may
                                now or hereafter have to the laying of
                                improper venue or forum non convenience. Each party agrees that a judgment in any such
                                action or proceeding may be enforced
                                in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any manner provided by law.
20. COMMUNICATION
20.1 When You use the Services or send emails or other data, information or
                                communication to the Bank, You are aware of the
                                risks involved in sending email Instructions, including the risk that email Instructions
                                may: (a) be fraudulently or mistakenly
                                written, altered or sent; and (b) not be received in whole or in part by the intended
                                recipient; You declare and confirm that
                                the You are fully aware of and having duly considered, the risks involved, (which risks
                                shall be borne fully by You) have
                                requested and authorised the Bank to rely upon and act on Instructions which may from
                                time to time be given by email as
                                mentioned above. The Bank may (but shall not be obliged to) act as aforesaid without
                                inquiry as to You identity or
                                authority giving or purporting to give any instruction or as to the authenticity of any
                                email message and may treat
                                the same as fully authorised by and binding on You regardless of the circumstances
                                prevailing at the time of the
                                instruction and notwithstanding any error, misunderstanding, lack of clarity, fraud,
                                forgery, or lack of authority
                                in relation thereto, and without requiring any confirmation provided that the concerned
                                person acting on behalf of
                                the Bank believed the instruction to be genuine at the time it was acted upon.
20.2 You consent to receive communications via electronic records from the Bank
                                periodically and as and when required.
                                The Bank will communicate with You by email or by notices on Your Prepaid Payment
                                Account or electronic records on
                                the Website which will be deemed adequate service of notice / electronic record. You
                                hereby waive all your rights
                                to challenge the service of documents under any and all legal proceedings if the
                                document is served on your designated
                                electronic address including Your Prepaid Payment Account in terms of Information
                                Technology Act, 2000.
20.3 Notwithstanding anything contained herein or elsewhere, the Bank shall not be bound
                                to act in accordance with
                                the whole or any part of the instructions or directions contained in any Instruction and
                                may in its sole discretion
                                and exclusive determination, decline or omit to act pursuant to any instruction, or
                                defer acting in accordance with
                                any instruction, and the same shall be at Your risk and the Bank shall not be liable for
                                the consequences of any
                                such refusal or omission to act or deferment of action.
20.4 Customers can contact the Bank at any of the below mentioned points: Email to
                                care@freecharge.com.
21. FEES AND CHARGES
21.1 All fees and charges related to Prepaid Payment Account, as determined by the Bank
                                will be
                                recovered by a debit to the Prepaid Payment Account or through other means as available
                                and applicable.
                                The fee is not refundable. Any government charges, duty or debits, or tax payable as a
                                result of the use
                                of the Prepaid Payment Account shall be the Customer's responsibility and if imposed
                                upon the Bank (either
                                directly or indirectly), the Bank shall debit such charges, duty or tax against the
                                Prepaid Payment Account.
21.2. The Bank reserves the right at any time to charge the Customer any fees/ charges
                                after providing
                                one month prior notice for the Transactions carried out by using Your Prepaid Payment
                                Account.
21.3 Charges applicable for using Prepaid Payment Account are subject to change from
                                time to time at the
                                discretion of the Bank. Details of the currently applicable fees and charges as
                                stipulated by the Bank,
                                will be displayed on the Website.
Existing Fees/ Schedule of Charges :
Type of Prepaid Payment Account Transaction
Fees
Issuance Fee
NIL
Loading Fee
NIL
Fund Transfer (To another Freecharge Wallet)
NIL
Fund Transfer (To Bank Account)
3% of the Transaction
Goods and Service Tax, unless explicitly stated in this Schedule of Charges, as may be
                                applicable from time to
                                time on all fees, surcharge and other charges will be levied to the Customer.
22. GENERAL PROVISIONS
22.1
Assignment
: You cannot assign or otherwise transfer this Agreements, or
                                any rights
                                granted hereunder or any obligations, to any third party and any such assignment or
                                transfer or purported
                                assignment or transfer shall be void ab initio. The Bank's rights and/or obligations
                                under the Agreement
                                are freely assignable or otherwise transferable by the Bank to any third parties without
                                the requirement
                                of seeking Your prior consent. The Bank may inform You of such assignment or transfer in
                                accordance with
                                the notice requirements under the Agreement on best effort basis.
22.2
Severability
: If, for any reason, a court of competent jurisdiction
                                finds any provision
                                of the Agreement, or portion thereof, to be unenforceable, that provision shall be
                                enforced to the maximum
                                extent permissible so as to give effect to the intent of the parties as reflected by
                                that provision,
                                and the remainder of the Agreement shall continue in full force and effect. The Bank may
                                amend in a
                                reasonable manner such provision to make it enforceable and such amendment will be given
                                effect in
                                accordance with the amendment terms of this Agreement.
22.3
Waiver
: Any failure or delay by a party to enforce or exercise any
                                provision
                                of the Agreement, or any related right, shall not constitute a waiver by such party of
                                that
                                provision or right. The exercise of one or more of a party’s rights hereunder shall not
                                be a
                                waiver of, or preclude the exercise of, any rights or remedies available to such party
                                under this
                                Agreement or in law or at equity. Any waiver by a party shall only be made in writing
                                and executed by a duly authorized officer of such party.
22.4
Force Majeure
: If performance of any service or obligation under this
                                Agreement by the Bank is prevented, restricted,
                                delayed or interfered with by reason of labor disputes, strikes, acts of God, floods,
                                lightning, severe weather, shortages of
                                materials, rationing, utility or communication failures, earthquakes, war, revolution,
                                acts of terrorism, civil commotion,
                                acts of public enemies, blockade, embargo or any law, order, proclamation, regulation,
                                ordinance, demand or requirement
                                having legal effect of any government or any judicial authority or representative of any
                                such government, unavailability
                                of any communication system, breach, interruption or breakdown or virus/malware/bugs in
                                the processes or systems used for
                                provision of Services, computer hacking, unauthorized access to computer data and
                                storage devise, computer crashes, breach
                                of security and encryption, etc. or any other act whatsoever, whether similar or
                                dissimilar to those referred to in this clause,
                                which are beyond the reasonable control of the Bank or its third parties performing such
                                services as sub-contractor to the Bank
                                and could not have been prevented by reasonable precautions (each, a "Force Majeure
                                Event"), then the Bank shall be excused from
                                such performance to the extent of and during the period of such Force Majeure Event. The
                                Bank shall exercise all reasonable
                                commercial efforts to continue to perform its obligations hereunder.
22.5 Notwithstanding the foregoing, such terms of this Agreement as are meant to survive
                                termination / expiry of this Agreement,
                                will survive indefinitely unless and until the Bank chooses to terminate them.
22.6 If You have any questions or concerns about this Agreement, please send us a
                                thorough description to care@freecharge.com.
                                We strive to respond to all User requests.
22.7 If You have any questions or claims of copyright infringement, please contact us at
                                care@freecharge.com
Terms and Conditions for Freecharge balance account issued by Axis Bank Limited (in Hindi)
Terms and
                                    Conditions for Freecharge balance account in Hindi
Terms and Conditions for Mutual Fund
                            Distribution Services
Last Updated on October 26, 2021
In terms of Information Technology Act, 2000, this document is an electronic record,
                                being generated by a computer system and it does not require any physical or digital
                                signature.
Freecharge Payment Technologies Private Limited (“Freecharge,” “We,” “Our,” or “Us”) is
                                registered with Association of Mutual Funds in India (“
AMFI
”) with ARN
                                146145. Freecharge is a sub-distributor of Axis Securities Limited
                                (“
ASL
”) which is registered with AMFI with ARN 64610 and acts as a
                                distributor of mutual funds for various asset management companies.
By accepting these terms and conditions, You agree to be bound by the Terms of Use for
                                Freecharge Account (“
Terms of Use
”), these additional terms and
                                conditions for mutual fund distribution services (“
Mutual Fund Terms
”)
                                and the Freecharge Privacy Policy. These terms and conditions are published in
                                accordance with the provisions of Rule 3 (1) of the Information Technology
                                (Intermediaries Guidelines) Rules, 2011 that require publishing the rules and
                                regulations, privacy policy and user agreement for access or usage of the intermediary's
                                computer resource by any person.
We request You to read the contents of Mutual Fund Terms carefully. If You disagree with
                                the Mutual Fund Terms, Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and/or disclaimers, We request You
                                to not signup or avail Our mutual fund distribution services (“
Distribution
                                    Services
”).
I. Definitions/Interpretation
a. "
Applicable Laws
" shall mean all laws, ordinance, statutes, rules,
                                orders, decrees, injunctions, licences, permits, approvals, authorisations, consents,
                                waivers, privileges, agreements, and regulations of any governmental, regulatory and/or
                                statutory authority having jurisdiction over the relevant matter as such which are in
                                effect as of the date hereof or as may be amended, modified, enacted, or revoked from
                                time to time hereafter.
b. "
AMC
" An asset management company (AMC) is a company that invests its
                                clients' pooled funds into securities through mutual funds.
c. "
AMFI
" means Association of Mutual Funds in India.
d. "
NPCI
" means National Payments Commission of India.
e. "
RBI
" means Reserve Bank of India.
f. "
SEBI
" means the Securities & Exchange Board of India.
g. "KYC" KYC shall mean all requirements with respect to KYC Registration Agency as per
                                the SEBI KYC (Know Your Client) Registration Agency Regulations, 2011 and/or the SEBI
                                Master Circular dated July 04, 2018 issued on Guidelines on Anti-Money Laundering
                                Standards and Combating the Financing of Terrorism /Obligations of Securities Market
                                Intermediaries under the Prevention of Money Laundering Act, 2002 and rules framed there
                                under (as amended from time to time ) (“
SEBI KYC Master Circular
”)
                                along with SEBI Circular on e-KYC and all other circulars issued from time to time for a
                                user to be compliant with the KYC related regulatory requirements in this regard.
h. “
Platform
” shall mean the Freecharge mobile application, website
                                and/or m-site.
i. "
Offer Documents
" shall mean the Statement of Additional Information,
                                Scheme Information Document, Key Information Memorandum and addenda issued from time to
                                time by AMC.
II. The words “
User/him/his/her/You/Your/Investor
” under the Mutual Fund
                                Terms refer to the person(s) who use and avail Distribution Services and shall include
                                singular and plural. The Distribution Services provided herein is only for Users who are
                                Indian citizens and tax residents of India. Without prejudice to any other specific
                                requirement which may be laid out in these Mutual Fund Terms, Your use of the
                                Distribution Services and specifically, Your acceptance of these Mutual Fund Terms as
                                aforesaid shall be deemed to be a representation from You that You are above 18 years of
                                age, and are fully able, conscious and competent to enter into these Mutual Fund Terms
                                and make Your investment decisions, execute the investment transactions, evaluate the
                                advice, if any, and confirm to abide by and comply with the terms set forth herein.
                                While individuals under the age of 18 may utilize the Distribution Services, they shall
                                do so only with parents and / or legal guardians acting on their behalf. If You do not
                                qualify, please do not access, or use the Distribution Services.
III. The User agrees to provide all the necessary information and documents (“
KYC
                                    Information
”) to Freecharge so as to enable them to complete User's KYC
                                verification with a KYC Registration Agency (“
KRA
”), registered under
                                the SEBI (KYC Registration Agency) Regulations, 2011, including e-KYC or central KYC or
                                any other process as specified in SEBI/AMFI circulars from time to time. The User
                                understands and agrees that for the purpose of KYC verification, Freecharge shall share
                                the User’s KYC Information with third parties including but not limited to AMCs/ KRAs.
                                Such KYC verification is required to comply with the SEBI KYC Master Circular and any
                                other circulars issued thereunder by SEBI/AMFI. The User agrees and understands that
                                he/she shall be solely liable to inform Freecharge and/or the AMC in case of any change
                                in his/her KYC information including change in signature/ signatories etc. and in the
                                event of the User’s signature not being updated, available or legible in KYC records /
                                change in resident status / change in FATCA & CRS declaration. Freecharge and/or the AMC
                                would be within its rights to carry out further checks to validate the authenticity of
                                the request or reject any such offline request based on existing KYC information.
IV. The User has read and understood the contents of the Offer Documents like Scheme
                                Information Document, Statement of Additional Information, Key information Memorandum,
                                Instructions and agrees to abide by the Terms and Conditions, rules and regulations of
                                the Mutual Fund/Scheme and Online Facility in which User Invest.
V. The User confirms that the User has neither received nor have been induced by any
                                rebate or gifts, directly or indirectly, in making this investment and no obligation was
                                imposed on the User to avail the Distribution Services offered by Freecharge.
VI. All payments should be through legitimate source and should be in compliance with the
                                policies and guidelines laid down by RBI, NPCI, SEBI, through the User’s own bank
                                account only. In case of a joint bank account, the User should be one of the holders of
                                such bank account and should also be authorized by the other bank account holder to make
                                such purchase through the Distribution Services offered by Freecharge.
VII. In case of micro investments, the User confirms that the User does not have any
                                existing micro systematic investment plan /lumpsum investments which together with the
                                current application will result in aggregate investments exceeding Rs. 50,000 in a year.
VIII. The User understands that investment instructions placed by the User through the
                                Platform may be delayed or rejected or not executed by the AMC for any reason including
                                but limited to non-availability of sufficient funds in the User’s linked bank account,
                                technical or connectivity failure and will not hold ASL / Freecharge liable for any
                                damages, loss or costs for such incidents User shall ensure that sufficient funds are
                                available for SIP transactions and will not hold ASL or Freecharge liable.
IX. The User undertakes and agrees that the said investments do not contravene any
                                Applicable Laws including but not limited to provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961;
                                anti-money laundering laws, anti-corruption Laws enacted by the government of India from
                                time to time or by any other regulatory or statutory body.
X. User confirms that all details provided by him / her are true and correct and agrees
                                to produce any documents / undertaking as may be required by Freecharge/ASL/ AMCs or
                                their /Register and Transfer Agent (RTA) for verification.
XI. The User acknowledges and understands that only schemes of those mutual funds will be
                                available on the Platform for which ASL has entered into agreements with AMCs and that
                                in event of termination of agreement or for any other reason, the AMC may at its sole
                                discretion discontinue providing information in relation to transaction by the User in
                                mutual fund scheme through the Platform. In such event, the User needs to directly
                                contact/coordinate with AMC.
XII. User confirms that the AMC / ASL/ Freecharge / RTA shall, at its sole discretion,
                                hold an unfettered right to reject any application / transaction by the User in mutual
                                fund scheme through the Freecharge Platform where any data, information, document and/or
                                detail provided by the User is determined to be discrepant, inaccurate, false,
                                incomplete or erroneous, misleading, incorrect, ambiguous, and cancel allotment of units
                                and refund the amount or in case units have been allotted, freeze the folio or redeem
                                the units at applicable NAV without any liability or responsibility for any loss or
                                damages suffered by the User of any nature. The User also agrees that the decision of
                                the AMC and/or RTA in such a situation shall be final and binding on the User. In case
                                User has entered wrong/third party bank details at the time of signup, the User agrees
                                to co-operate with AMC / ASL/ Freecharge/ RTA to provide incremental details as may be
                                required by AMC / ASL/ Freecharge/ RTA to complete the verification or otherwise the
                                transaction initiated by the User is liable to be rejected by AMC/Freecharge/ RTA.
XIII. The User acknowledges that Freecharge has disclosed to the User, all the
                                commissions (in the form of trail commission or any other mode), payable to ASL for the
                                different competing schemes of various mutual funds.
XIV. User hereby allows ASL and Freecharge to provide electronic confirmation feeds to
                                the AMC regarding acceptance of these Mutual Fund Terms by the User for doing online
                                electronic transaction and such other confirmation/document/details as may be required
                                by the AMC from time to time relating to the User as may be required under Applicable
                                Laws.
XV. Mutual fund transactions will be processed in accordance with cutoff times for mutual
                                fund transactions prescribed by SEBI. Any investments close to or beyond the cut off
                                time or any request on a holiday would be processed on the next business day and there
                                can be loss in net asset value for which the User will not hold ASL / Freecharge liable.
XVI. We may engage with third parties to promote Our Distribution Services through their
                                platforms. Users accessing the Freecharge Platform through such platforms will be
                                subject to these Mutual Fund Terms in addition to the Terms of Use and any other
                                additional terms and conditions which may be applicable. For the sake of clarity, such
                                third parties shall not be responsible for rendering of the Distribution Services, which
                                shall at all times be provided by Freecharge.
XVII. User authorizes Freecharge to share his / her signatures with AMCs and RTAs,
                                available on the records of the KRA or central KYC for authenticating and processing of
                                requests. In case the User’s signature is not available with KRA/ central KYC, the User
                                shall cooperate with AMC/Freecharge/RTA to provide incremental details as may be
                                required by AMC/Freecharge/RTA to complete verification.
XVIII. User hereby gives consent to the concerned AMC and/or RTA with respect to sharing
                                information, with ASL and Freecharge, in any manner, with respect to the User and any
                                transaction undertaken by the User in the mutual fund scheme executed through the
                                Platform. The User acknowledges that Freecharge would be privy to such information.
XIX. User hereby authorize Freecharge and its affiliates, representatives, and agents to
                                provide promotional information about various products, offers and services provided by
                                them or their group companies through any mode including telephone calls, Emails, SMS,
                                letters etc. and You confirm that laws in relation to unsolicited communication referred
                                in "National Do Not Call Registry" as laid down by "Telecom Regulatory Authority of
                                India" will not be applicable for such information/ communication.
XX. The User understands and agrees that when the User makes an investment through the
                                Platform, the payment transaction is processed by a third-party payment gateway
                                aggregator and the investment amount is remitted directly to the respective AMC's bank
                                account. At no time does Freecharge process receive or hold the investment amount in its
                                bank account. Thus, in no event shall ASL/ Freecharge be liable to You for claims,
                                losses, or damages of any nature whatsoever, arising from or due to failure of payment
                                transactions, delay in credit of amount to the AMC or for any fraud at the payment
                                gateway's end or the bank's end at the time of making such payment.
XXI.
Refund/Cancellation Policy
a. Transactions will be completed only after successful transfer of money from the User's
                                bank account registered with Freecharge to the respective AMC’s bank account.
b. Transactions once completed cannot be cancelled by the user.
c. In case transfer of money is successful but there is failure of investment
                                transaction, money would be refunded to the User’s registered bank account with
                                Freecharge.
XXII.
Prospectus :
For information regarding a fund's investment
                                objectives, load, expenses, and risk considerations, please download the Offer Document.
                                Please read the Offer Document of relevant mutual fund scheme carefully before
                                investing.
XXIII.
Risk Factors:
Investments in mutual funds and securities are
                                subject to market risks and the NAV of the schemes may fluctuate depending upon the
                                factors and forces affecting the securities market including inter alia fluctuations in
                                the interest rates. There can be no guarantee that a scheme's investment objectives will
                                be achieved. All dividend distributions are subject to the investment performance of the
                                schemes. The investments made by the schemes are subject to external risks. The User
                                shall consider the performance track records of the scheme before making investment in
                                any scheme. The Platform is not intended to provide any tax, legal or investment advice,
                                and nothing on the Platform should be construed as a recommendation, by Freecharge, to
                                acquire or dispose of any investment or security, or to engage in any investment
                                transaction. The Platform is an online platform provided by Freecharge which lists plans
                                of select schemes of various mutual funds and enables Users to transact in such schemes.
                                Freecharge may receive a compensation, for the execution services provided by Freecharge
                                towards investment in plans, from the AMCs. Except as otherwise specified, the User
                                alone are solely responsible for determining whether any investment, security, or any
                                other service, is appropriate or suitable for the User based on their investment
                                objectives and personal and financial situation. The User confirms that he/ she has
                                requisite knowledge and experience to understand the risks involved in making an
                                investment into a scheme and has the ability to bear such investment related risk and
                                the User should consult a legal or tax professional regarding their specific legal or
                                tax queries. Access and use of the Platform is entirely at Your own risk. The Platform,
                                including any content or information on it, any related or linked site, products and
                                services displayed, provided, availed of, licensed or purchased on, through or via the
                                Platform are provided "as is," without any representation or warranty/guarantee of any
                                kind, either express or implied, including without limitation, any representation or
                                warranty for accuracy, continuity, uninterrupted access, timeliness, sequence, quality,
                                performance, fitness for any particular purpose or completeness. In addition to any
                                warranties/guarantees disclaimed in the Terms of Use, Freecharge specifically disclaims
                                any and all “warranties" or guarantees" including, but not limited to:
a. Any warranties concerning the availability, accuracy, usefulness, correctness,
                                currency or completeness of information, products, or services, and
b. The information and views contained herein are based on information available and
                                believed to be correct to the best of Our knowledge. Although due care has been
                                exercised to verify the accuracy of the information, ASL, Freecharge and their
                                information suppliers do not assume responsibility for the accuracy or for any loss
                                arising out of any information contained herein. This is neither a solicitation to
                                invest in any product nor to avail of a particular service. ASL and Freecharge do not
                                warrant or make any representations regarding the use or the results of the use of any
                                product, service in terms of its compatibility, correctness, accuracy, reliability or
                                otherwise. You assume total responsibility and risk for Your access and use of the
                                Platform, all site-related or app related services, products and services mentioned or
                                advertised on or accessed or availed on or through the Platform. You acknowledge that
                                any warranty that is provided in connection with any of the products or services
                                described on the Platform are provided solely by the owner, advertiser, manufacturer,
                                provider or supplier of that product or service, and not by Freecharge or the Platform.
c. If any disclaimers or limitation of liability in these Mutual Fund Terms are held to
                                be unenforceable, the maximum liability of ASL and/or Freecharge to You shall not exceed
                                the amount of commission received by ASL from the respective AMC for the mutual fund
                                product, that You have ordered or availed of on or through the Platform, with respect to
                                which the dispute has arisen. ASL and/or Freecharge shall not be responsible for any
                                inability to access the Platform or any use or misuse of the Platform. Any search
                                results displayed by or on the Platform are automated and cannot be screened.
                                Accordingly, ASL and Freecharge assume no responsibility for the accuracy or otherwise
                                of any search results or of the content of any Platform included in the search results
                                or otherwise linked to the Platform.
d. You will be solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of Your account and
                                password. You undertake not to share Your password with anyone and agree to accept
                                responsibility for all activities occurring under Your account or password and ASL/
                                Freecharge will not be liable for its misuse. Please notify Freecharge immediately if
                                You become aware of any disclosure, loss, theft, or unauthorized use of Your password.
e. ASL and/or Freecharge shall not be responsible for any unauthorized interception of
                                e-mail to or from You or Freecharge. To the extent possible, the disclaimers,
                                limitations on liability and indemnities available to ASL and/or Freecharge under the
                                Terms and Conditions shall mutatis mutandis extend and be available also to the
                                third-party service providers or any other partner and their respective directors,
                                officers, employees, agents, successors, assigns, consultants, sponsors, affiliates,
                                content providers and everyone involved in creating, producing, delivering or managing
                                the Platform (or any part thereof). Although Freecharge endeavors to ensure the
                                integrity of the Platform, they make no guarantee whatsoever as to its sequence,
                                timeliness, completeness, correctness, or accuracy. In the event that such an inaccuracy
                                or incompleteness arises, please inform Freecharge so that it can be corrected. Links
                                from the Platform on certain portions or links within the Platform might take You to
                                other Platforms or mobile applications without any intimation or indication of doing or
                                having done so. The linked Platforms or applications are not under the control of
                                Freecharge and Freecharge assumes no responsibility whatsoever for such other Platforms
                                or applications whether as to content, availability, performance or otherwise.
                                Freecharge also does not represent or warrant that these links shall operate
                                satisfactorily. Freecharge provides these links only as a convenience and links to
                                external web sites do not constitute an endorsement by Freecharge of such other sites,
                                the sponsors of such sites or the content, products, advertising, or other materials
                                presented on or by such sites. Freecharge shall not be responsible or liable, directly,
                                or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection
                                with the access or use of such other Platforms/applications or reliance on or availing
                                of any content, goods, or services available on such other sites. For informational or
                                educational purposes, or as a convenience to the Users, the Platform may provide
                                referrals to third party content or links to third party websites/mobile application,
                                including companies that have a relationship with Freecharge. Our decision to provide
                                referral information to a third party or to pass on an offer made by a third party or to
                                provide a link from Platform to a third-party website or mobile application shall not be
                                construed as an endorsement of the third party products, services, content, tools, and
                                information. You will use third-party content at Your own risk. It may be noted that ASL
                                is in no way involved or concerned with such third party referral transactions through
                                Freecharge’s sub distributor platform or otherwise and will not be liable for the same
                                as a mutual fund distributor. Freecharge is not responsible for any third party, their
                                products or services, their website or mobile application, or any content made available
                                through such third-party sites, nor do We make any warranties or representations,
                                express or implied, regarding third party content on any third party sites, and shall
                                have no liability in relation to any of the foregoing. You shall agree to all the terms
                                and conditions, disclaimers clauses and be liable to copyright owners of the hyperlinks
                                appearing in the Platform which is independent in itself and not connected. You shall
                                further indemnify and keep indemnified Freecharge, Freecharge's parent, partner's,
                                subsidiaries, group and associate companies and its employees, directors,
                                representatives and keep them harmless from any dispute(s) that may arise due to a
                                violation/breach(s) of the Terms and Conditions of such hyper link(s) by You. You will
                                be solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the account that You create
                                on the Platform. Freecharge does not limit, favour, or restrict any of the schemes
                                available on its Platform while performing search, filter, or sort options. The order of
                                search results based on the ranking provided by a third party and not indicative of
                                performance or recommendation should not be considered as Freecharge opinion to invest
                                or not to invest. It is solely up to the User to decide to select or reject any scheme.
                                Freecharge shows most relevant results based on the User's search query. Estimation on
                                return is indicative based on the past performance and should not be considered as a
                                promise, assurance or guarantee of future returns. The User declares that transactions
                                executed by the User are without any interaction or advice by the employee/relationship
                                manager/sales person of Freecharge or notwithstanding the advice of in- appropriateness,
                                if any, provided by the employee/relationship manager/salesperson of Freecharge.
f. Freecharge declares that it shall merely act as a sub-distributor, offering services
                                to the User in terms of the provisions contained under its agreements with ASL.
                                Freecharge declares that it shall at no time, provide or cause to provide any advice
                                relating to investing in, purchasing, selling, or otherwise dealing in securities or
                                investment products and provide or cause to provide any advice on investment portfolio
                                containing securities or investment products to the Users. Freecharge shall not act as
                                an investment advisor or consultant in offering the schemes of AMCs and shall offer
                                services to the Users in terms of its agreement with AMCs/RTA and the terms and
                                conditions governing the usage of Platform.
XXIV.
Conflict of Interest Disclosure:
ASL and Freecharge are wholly
                                owned subsidiaries of Axis Bank Limited. Axis Bank Limited is the majority shareholder
                                in Axis Asset Management Company Limited (“Axis AMC”). In carrying on business as a
                                mutual fund distributor, ASL/Freecharge may from time to time act as distributor of
                                mutual funds for Axis AMC. Conflict of interest resulting from the above relationship
                                are minimized by regulations, policies and procedures made by SEBI and industry
                                regulating bodies such as AMFI and internal conflict of interest policies and
                                maintaining of arms – length relationship between Axis AMC, ASL and Freecharge.
                                Compliance with both internal and external regulations, policies and procedures are
                                monitored at all levels of the company under the guidance of ASL/Freecharge’s compliance
                                department.
XXV.
Indemnity:
You agree to indemnify, save, and hold Freecharge/ ASL/
                                the AMC / Mutual Fund, their affiliates, employees, officers, directors and partners
                                harmless from any and all claims, losses, damages, and liabilities, costs and expenses,
                                including without limitation legal fees and expenses, arising out of or related to: (i)
                                Your use or misuse of the Distribution Services/Platform; (ii) any violation by You of
                                these Mutual Fund Terms or applicable Laws; or (iii) any breach of the representations,
                                warranties, and covenants made by You herein; or (iv) any act, neglect, misconduct or
                                fraud on Your part; or (v) sharing and or disclosing the information disclosed hereunder
                                or (vi) system failure or connectivity issue. Freecharge reserves the right, at Your
                                expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter for which You are
                                required to indemnify Freecharge, including rights to settle, and You agree to cooperate
                                with Freecharge’s defense and settlement of these claims. Freecharge will use reasonable
                                efforts to notify You of any claim, action, or proceeding brought by a third party that
                                is subject to the foregoing indemnification upon becoming aware of it. This paragraph
                                shall survive termination of these Mutual Fund Terms.
XXVI.
Termination:
You acknowledge and agree that Freecharge may,
                                without notice, suspend or terminate Your ID, password or account or deny You access to
                                all or part of the Platform and/or Distribution Services without prior notice if You
                                engage in any conduct or activities that Freecharge in its sole discretion believes it
                                violates any of the Mutual Fund Terms, or the rights of Freecharge, or is otherwise
                                inappropriate for continued access or as per its Information Security Policy or If
                                Freecharge learns of Your death, bankruptcy or lack of legal capacity or of
                                circumstances which impact Your credit worthiness (which shall be determined at the sole
                                discretion of Freecharge) or for any other reason which Freecharge thinks fit and
                                proper. You acknowledge and agree that Freecharge may in its sole discretion deny You
                                access to any materials stored with Freecharge, or to access third party services, or
                                information on the Platform, and Freecharge shall have no responsibility to notify You
                                or third-party providers of facilities, services, merchandise or information nor for any
                                consequences resulting from lack of notification.
Freecharge may also suspend / freeze The User's account on directions received from
                                regulatory or government bodies and authorities.
XXVII.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction:
These Mutual Fund Terms, all
                                transactions entered into on or through the Platform and the relationship between You
                                and Freecharge shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of India
                                and no other nation, without regard to the laws relating to conflicts of law. You and
                                Freecharge agree that all claims, differences, and disputes arising under or in
                                connection with or pursuant to the Distribution Services, these Mutual Fund Terms, any
                                transactions entered into on or through the Platform or the relationship between You and
                                Freecharge shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the competent courts
                                located in the city of New Delhi, India and You hereby accede to and accept the
                                jurisdiction of such courts. Provided that, notwithstanding what is stated above, if
                                Freecharge thinks fit, may institute proceedings against You in any other court or
                                tribunal having jurisdiction. Freecharge accepts no liability whatsoever, direct, or
                                indirect for non-compliance with the laws of any country other than that of India. The
                                mere fact that the Platform or the App can be accessed or used or any facility can be
                                availed of in a country other than India would not mean that the laws of such country
                                would be applicable.
XXVIII.
Grievance Redressal:
Freecharge is a mutual fund
                                sub-distributor/intermediary and is empaneled with ASL which is in turn registered as a
                                distributor / intermediary with various AMCs and their respective RTAs for purpose of
                                execution of investment decisions of Users. Freecharge’s ability of providing the User
                                service and addressing the User’s query depends on the information that We have.
Level 1
If You have any grievances / complaints / concerns with respect to Freecharge Services,
                                please approach Our Customer Support via the Freecharge mobile application or write to
                                Us at care@freecharge.in.
Level 2
If Your issue is unresolved after a period of 15 days from the date of first raising the
                                issue at Level 1 or if You are not satisfied with the response provided at Level 1, You
                                may, post completion of a 15 day period from the date of first raising the issue at
                                Level 1, write to the grievance officer, at
grievanceofficer@freecharge.com.
XXIX.
Additional Terms and Conditions of Reliance Nippon Life Asset Management
                                    Company Limited :
By accessing and using the Distribution Services, You
                                hereby undertake the following:
“I/We would like to invest in Reliance Mutual Fund products subject to terms of the
                                Statement of Additional Information (SAI), Scheme Information Document (SID), Key
                                Information Memorandum (KIM) and subsequent amendments thereto. I/We have read,
                                understood (before filling application form) and is/are bound by the details of the SAI,
                                SID & KIM including details relating to various services including but not limited to
                                Reliance Any Time Money Card. I/We have not received nor been induced by any rebate or
                                gifts, directly or indirectly, in making this investment. I / We declare that the amount
                                invested in the Scheme is through legitimate sources only and is not designed for the
                                purpose of contravention or evasion of any Act / Regulations / Rules / Notifications /
                                Directions or any other Applicable Laws enacted by the Government of India or any
                                Statutory Authority. I accept and agree to be bound by the said Terms and Conditions
                                including those excluding/ limiting the Reliance Nippon Life Asset Management Limited
                                (formerly Reliance Capital Asset Management Limited) (RNLAM) liability. I understand
                                that the RNLAM may, at its absolute discretion, discontinue any of the services
                                completely or partially without any prior notice to me. I agree RNLAM can debit from my
                                folio for the service charges as applicable from time to time. The ARN holder has
                                disclosed to me/us all the commissions (in the form of trail commission or any other
                                mode), pay able to him for the different competing Schemes of various Mutual Funds from
                                amongst which the Scheme is being recommended to me/us. I hereby declare that the above
                                information is given by the undersigned and particulars given by me/us are correct and
                                complete. Further, I agree that the transaction charge (if applicable) shall be deducted
                                from the subscription amount and the said charges shall be paid to the distributors. I
                                confirm that I am resident of India. I hereby declare that the information provided in
                                the Form is in accordance with section 285BA of the Income Tax Act, 1961 read with Rules
                                114F to 114H of the Income Tax Rules, 1962 and the information provided by me /us in the
                                Form, its supporting Annexures as well as in the documentary evidence provided by me/us
                                are, to the best of our knowledge and belief, true, correct and complete.
XXX.
Additional Terms and Conditions of Reliance Nippon Life Asset Management
                                    Company Limited & Mirae Asset Investment Managers (India) Pvt Ltd (MAIMI):
By accessing and using the Distribution Services, You hereby undertake the
                                following:
“I/We would like to invest in Mirae Asset Mutual Fund products subject to terms of the
                                Statement of Additional Information (SAI), Scheme Information Document (SID), Key
                                Information Memorandum (KIM) and subsequent amendments thereto. I/We have read,
                                understood (before filling application form) and is/are bound by the details of the SAI,
                                SID & KIM including details relating to various services including but not limited to
                                Any Time Money Card. I/We have not received nor been induced by any rebate or gifts,
                                directly or indirectly, in making this investment. I / We declare that the amount
                                invested in the Scheme is through legitimate sources only and is not designed for the
                                purpose of contravention or evasion of any Act / Regulations / Rules / Notifications /
                                Directions or any other Applicable Laws enacted by the Government of India or any
                                Statutory Authority. I accept and agree to be bound by the said Terms and Conditions
                                including those excluding/ limiting the Mirae Asset Investment Managers (India) Pvt Ltd
                                liability. I understand that the MAIMI may, at its absolute discretion, discontinue any
                                of the services completely or partially without any prior notice to me. I agree MAIMI
                                can debit from my folio for the service charges as applicable from time to time. The ARN
                                holder has disclosed to me/us all the commissions (in the form of trail commission or
                                any other mode), pay able to him for the different competing Schemes of various Mutual
                                Funds from amongst which the Scheme is being recommended to me/us. I hereby declare that
                                the above information is given by the undersigned and particulars given by me/us are
                                correct and complete. Further, I agree that the transaction charge (if applicable) shall
                                be deducted from the subscription amount and the said charges shall be paid to the
                                distributors. I confirm that I am resident of India. I hereby declare that the
                                information provided in the Form is in accordance with section 285BA of the Income Tax
                                Act, 1961 read with Rules 114F to 114H of the Income Tax Rules, 1962 and the information
                                provided by me /us in the Form, its supporting Annexures as well as in the documentary
                                evidence provided by me/us are, to the best of our knowledge and belief, true, correct
                                and complete”
Terms of Use for Freecharge Unified Payment Interface(UPI)
These terms and conditions regulate the payments under the Unified Payment Interface
                                    (
"UPI"
), a payment service
                                    platform (
"UPI Platform"
) developed by National Payments
                                    Corporation of India (
"NPCI"
), an umbrella organisation
                                    incorporated in 2008 and acting as the settlement/clearing house/regulatory agency
                                    for UPI services. The application
                                    software (
"Freecharge App"
) which connects to the UPI Platform is
                                    being offered by Freecharge Payment
                                    Technologies Private Limited a company incorporated under the Companies Act, 2013
                                    with its registered office at
                                    11
th
Floor, Tower C, DLF Cyber Greens, DLF Cyber City, DLF Phase 3,
                                    Gurugram, Haryana 122022, India (hereinafter referred to as
"Freecharge"
) in
                                    partnership/association with Axis Bank Limited (
"Axis Bank"
), a
                                    bank licensed under the Banking Regulation Act,
                                    1949.
By using the UPI services (
“UPI Services”
) provided by Freecharge
                                    Payment Technologies Private Limited
                                    (
“Freecharge,” “We,” “Our,” or “Us”
), You agree to be bound by the
                                    Terms of Use for Freecharge (
“Terms of
                                        Use”
), these additional terms of use for Freecharge UPI (
“UPI
                                        Terms”
) and all other terms, policies, and guidelines
                                    applicable to the Services (as defined in the Terms of Use) so used. Defined terms
                                    will have the same meaning as
                                    those found in the Terms of Use, unless otherwise re-defined herein.
These terms apply to You if You register for and use the UPI Services as described
                                    hereinafter. The UPI Services are
                                    being offered under the brand "Freecharge".
For the purpose of these UPI Terms, wherever the context so requires:
'You/Your' or "User" shall mean any natural or legal person who has
                                                registered for Freecharge Services, linked
                                                his/her bank account for UPI payments and who has accepted these UPI
                                                Terms.
"We", "Us", "Our" shall mean Freecharge Payment Technologies Private
                                                Limited.
"Merchant" shall include any establishment and/or entity which accepts
                                                the UPI payments through Freecharge
                                                App (
"Freecharge UPI
") as a payment method for online
                                                or offline purchase of goods and/or services
"Buyer" shall refer to the person who purchases any of the goods or
                                                services provided online or offline by the
                                                Merchants.
If You transact using the Freecharge App or any Merchant website/ merchant
                                        platform, these conditions will
                                        be applicable. By mere use of the Freecharge App, You shall be contracting with
                                        Freecharge and these terms
                                        and conditions including the policies constitute Your binding obligations, with
                                        Freecharge.
We reserve the right, at Our sole discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove
                                        portions of these UPI Terms,
                                        at any time without any prior written notice to You. It is Your responsibility
                                        to review these UPI Terms
                                        periodically for updates / changes. Your continued use of Freecharge App
                                        following the posting of changes
                                        will mean that You accept and agree to the revisions including additional UPI
                                        Terms or removal of portions
                                        of these UPI Terms, modifications etc. As long as You comply with these UPI
                                        Terms, We grant You a
                                        personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited privilege to enter and avail
                                        the UPI Services.
Using Freecharge App indicates Your agreement to all the terms and conditions
                                        under these UPI Terms, so
                                        please read the UPI Terms carefully before proceeding. By impliedly or expressly
                                        accepting these UPI Terms,
                                        You also accept and agree to be bound by Freecharge Policies (including but not
                                        limited to Privacy Policy
                                        available on the Freecharge website www.freecharge.com) as amended from time to
                                        time.
About UPI:
UPI is a payment platform built by that allows
                                        instant online payments between the bank accounts
                                        of any two parties. UPI offers an architecture and a set of standard application
                                        programming interface
                                        specifications to facilitate these online payments. It aims to simplify and
                                        provide a single interface across all
                                        NPCI systems besides creating interoperability and superior customer experience.
Your Account and Registration Obligations
To enable UPI payments, the User first needs to have a Freecharge
                                                account. User can register and create a
                                                Freecharge account by:
i. Downloading the Freecharge App and registering himself/herself.
                                                    Or
ii. Registering with Freecharge from a third party partner platform.
iii. User has to necessarily install the Freecharge App on his/her
                                                    smartphone to be able to register and transact
                                                    using Freecharge UPI.
Thereafter, You will be able to register for UPI payments by:
i. Selecting Your bank:
You first need to select the bank from amongst the list of
                                                        UPI-member banks as shown in the App. The list
                                                        comprises of all the banks connected to the UPI Platform of
                                                        NPCI.
If the name of Your bank does not appear in the list, You can
                                                        still add Your bank by providing the bank
                                                        account number and the IFSC code. However, You will not be able
                                                        to make UPI payments from Your bank
                                                        account.
ii. If You have selected a bank from the UPI-member list, Please
                                                    note that Your mobile number, should be
                                                    registered with Your bank. If Your mobile number is not registered,
                                                    then Your OTP verification will fail.
                                                    You will not be able to avail the UPI Service unless You first
                                                    register Your mobile number with the Bank.
iii. Your bank will share the masked bank account numbers against
                                                    the registered mobile number. You need to
                                                    select the bank account which You wish to link with Freecharge App.
iv. The selected bank account can be linked with Freecharge App in
                                                    the following manner:
If You already have the 4-6 digit UPI PIN (UPI Personal
                                                        Identification Number) for Your bank account,
                                                        then You need to simply select the "Link" option and continue.
If You do not remember the UPI PIN, You can click on "forgot UPI
                                                        PIN" and set a new one by providing
                                                        the Debit card number linked with Your bank account and the
                                                        expiry date of the Card. Your mobile number
                                                        will be OTP verified by Your bank. If the verification is
                                                        successful, You will be taken to the NPCI page, to
                                                        set a new UPI PIN. After setting the UPI PIN, You will be taken
                                                        back to the Freecharge App screen, where
                                                        You have to click on "Link" and then continue.
You can Reset Your UPI PIN by clicking on "Reset UPI PIN". You
                                                        can then set a new UPI PIN by providing
                                                        the old and new UPI PINs.
If You have never set the UPI PIN before, then You will see an
                                                        option to Set UPI PIN in settings. Please
                                                        click on the link and set the UPI PIN by providing the debit
                                                        card number linked with Your bank account
                                                        and the expiry date of the Card. Your mobile number will be OTP
                                                        verified by Your bank. If the verification
                                                        is successful, You will be taken to the NPCI page, to set a new
                                                        UPI PIN. After setting the UPI PIN, You
                                                        will be taken back to the Freecharge App screen, where You have
                                                        to click on "Link" and then continue.
v. You need to authorize every UPI payment transaction by providing
                                                    the UPI PIN.
vi. Selecting Freecharge Balance (
“UPI on Wallet”
);
This facility is available only to
Active Full
                                                            KYC
Freecharge Balance Account holders (Freecharge
                                                        wallet )
Additionally users must be registered for UPI Payment on
                                                        Freecharge App and should have linked his/her bank account.
UPI on wallet feature can be used only for following type of
                                                        transactions:
a. Merchant payments by
                                                                scan QR or other apps
b. Person-to-person
                                                                payments
c. Credit from other apps
Transactions (Debit and Credit) using UPI on Wallet shall not be
                                                        allowed from Gift Instruments issued by way of incentives such
                                                        as cash back, rewards, gifts, etc
All transactions shall require following two factor
                                                        authentication or such other two factor authentication as may be
                                                        decided by Freecharge/Axis
a. Login - Mobile number
                                                                & OTP verification
b. Biometrics
"KYC"
stands for know your customer and refers to the
                                                various norms, rules, laws, and statutes issued by RBI
                                                from time to time under which Freecharge is required to procure personal
                                                identification details from You before
                                                any UPI Services can be delivered. KYC documents may be asked by the
                                                Merchant (on behalf of Freecharge)
                                                from You at the time of activation and/ or on a later date, for availing
                                                and / or continuation of UPI Services.
                                                Freecharge/merchant shall not be responsible for wrong details being
                                                entered by the User.
In the event the beneficiary/KYC details provided are found to be
                                                incorrect/ insufficient, Freecharge retains the
                                                right to block Your Freecharge account. Freecharge retains the right to
                                                share the details of the transaction
                                                undertaken using the Freecharge account and the end beneficiary/ KYC
                                                details with RBI, as per statutory
                                                guidelines issued from time to time.
You are solely responsible for linking Your correct bank account.
Since Your mobile number is treated as the primary identifier, Your
                                                mobile number needs to be updated with
                                                the bank linked to Freecharge App in case of any changes.
If You change the mobile number registered with Your Freecharge account,
                                                You will have to re-register Your
                                                new mobile number with Freecharge. To re-enable the Service, You need to
                                                register Your new mobile number
                                                with Your bank as well.
You agree that Your UPI ID will act as Your identity for all payment
                                                transactions and all requests to Your
                                                Freecharge account will be raised to Your UPI ID unless another UPI ID
                                                is explicitly specified.
You agree that if You provide any information that is untrue,
                                                inaccurate, not current, or incomplete or We have
                                                reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue,
                                                inaccurate, not current, or incomplete, or not in
                                                accordance with these UPI Terms, We shall have the right to indefinitely
                                                suspend or terminate or block access
                                                to Your Account.
We shall ensure that all Your confidential data pertaining to Your money
                                                transactions, bank account details,
                                                and all other sensitive personal information are protected and kept
                                                confidential by employing best available
                                                protection standards, which are more fully set out in Our Privacy
                                                Policy. We/Axis Bank reserves the right to
                                                use Your transaction data for cross-selling/promotions/offers/value
                                                added services/increasing
                                                transactions/better user experience/such other purpose as may be
                                                required by Us/Axis Bank.
You are solely responsible to keep Your one time password, UPI PIN, and
                                                bank account related details
                                                confidential. Sharing such information with others may lead to
                                                unauthorized usage, for which Freecharge shall
                                                not be responsible.
Transactions through Freecharge UPI
Freecharge UPI can be used for money transfers from one person to
                                                another person or to purchase products and
                                                services online or offline on any merchant platform.
The UPI PIN needs to be entered on Your mobile to authorize every
                                                Freecharge UPI payment. You need to
                                                ensure that You are connected to the internet at the time of making any
                                                transaction.
Freecharge UPI is one of the payment options available to the Users on
                                                various merchant platforms and We
                                                assume no responsibility for the products or services purchased using
                                                Freecharge UPI and any liability thereof
                                                is expressly disclaimed.
Freecharge UPI is one of the payment options available to the Users on
                                                various merchant platforms and We
                                                assume no responsibility for the products or services purchased using
                                                Freecharge UPI and any liability thereof
                                                is expressly disclaimed.
You shall only use Freecharge UPI Services to process a transaction to
                                                make payment for legitimate and bona
                                                fide purposes including purchase of goods and services. You shall not
                                                use Freecharge UPI Service to process
                                                payment transactions in connection with the sale or exchange of any
                                                illegal goods or services or any other
                                                underlying illegal transaction.
We may establish general practices and limits concerning use of
                                                Freecharge UPI. We reserve the right to
                                                change, suspend or discontinue any aspect of Freecharge UPI at any time,
                                                including hours of operation or
                                                availability of Freecharge UPI Services or any Freecharge UPI Service
                                                feature, without notice and without
                                                liability. We also reserve the right to impose limits on certain
                                                features or restrict access to parts or all of the
                                                service without notice and without liability. We may decline to process
                                                any Payment Transaction without prior
                                                notice to sender or recipient. We also reserve the right to
                                                automatically block any communication received by
                                                a User from a non- Freecharge UPI account, including any payment
                                                requests, that is deemed to be spam or a
                                                fraudulent communication.
We do not warrant that the functions contained in Freecharge UPI will be
                                                uninterrupted or error free, and We
                                                shall not be responsible for any Service interruptions (including, but
                                                not limited to, power outages, system
                                                failures or other interruptions that may affect the receipt, processing,
                                                acceptance, completion or settlement of
                                                payment transactions or any other reasons beyond reasonable control of
                                                Freecharge).
We may reject a transaction and/or settlement of payments for various
                                                reasons, including but not limited to risk
                                                management, suspicion of fraudulent, illegal, or doubtful transactions,
                                                selling of prohibited items, use of
                                                compromised or blacklisted cards or UPI accounts, chargebacks/complaints
                                                or for other reasons as prescribed
                                                under applicable laws or rules of Participating Banks. In the event that
                                                a Transaction is rejected or is unable to
                                                be completed, We will either transfer the funds back to the Your funding
                                                account or will handle the funds in
                                                accordance with applicable laws or participating bank rules.
UPI limits issued by NPCI
Requirements and Limits for Freecharge UPI
Particular
Transaction Limit
Monthly
None
Per Transaction
Rs. 1 lakh
Charges
Membership is free for Users. Freecharge does not charge its Users any
                                                fee for creating an Account or use of
                                                UPI Services. Freecharge reserves the right to change its fee policy
                                                from time to time. In particular, Freecharge
                                                may at its sole discretion introduce new services and modify some or all
                                                of the existing UPI Services offered
                                                on the Platform. In such an event, We reserve the right to introduce
                                                fees for the new services offered or
                                                amend/introduce fees for existing UPI Services, as the case may be.
                                                Changes to the fee policy shall be posted
                                                on the website/app and such changes shall automatically become effective
                                                immediately after they are posted.
                                                Unless otherwise stated, all fees shall be quoted in Indian Rupees.
Your bank may charge You a nominal transaction fee for UPI transfers-
                                                please check with Your bank for any
                                                such charges.
The reporting and payment of any applicable taxes arising from the use
                                                of Freecharge UPI is Your
                                                responsibility. You hereby agree to comply with any and all applicable
                                                tax laws in connection with Your use
                                                of Freecharge UPI, including without limitation, the reporting and
                                                payment of any taxes arising in connection
                                                with Payments made through Freecharge UPI, or funds/income received
                                                through Freecharge UPI.
You herein agree and accepts that, in case of any discrepancy in the
                                                information provided by You for availing
                                                this Service and the onus thereof shall always be upon the You only and
                                                thus You agrees to furnish accurate
                                                information at all times to the Freecharge.
If You suspect that there is an error in the information supplied by Freecharge,
                                        You shall inform Freecharge
                                        immediately. Freecharge will endeavor to correct the error promptly wherever
                                        possible on a best effort basis.
Freecharge shall not be held liable & responsible for any loss, cost or damage
                                        suffered by You due to
                                        disclosure of Your personal or any other information to a third party including
                                        Government./Regulatory
                                        authorities by Freecharge, for reasons inclusive but not limited to
                                        participation in any telecommunication or
                                        electronic clearing network, in compliance with a legal or regulatory directive,
                                        for statistical analysis or for
                                        credit rating or for any legal or regulatory compliance.
You are solely responsible for protecting Your mobile phone/device, virtual
                                        address, and UPI PIN set for the
                                        availing of the UPI Services.
You shall be liable for any kind of unauthorized or unlawful use, misuse, or
                                        leakage of any of the virtual
                                        address or MPIN/Passwords/Passcodes issued by Freecharge in respect of the UPI
                                        Services or any
                                        fraudulent or erroneous instruction given by You and any financial charges thus
                                        incurred shall be payable by
                                        You only
You shall be liable for all loss, cost, or damage, if You have breached the UPI
                                        Terms contained herein or
                                        other additional terms and conditions mentioned above or contributed or caused
                                        the loss by negligent actions
                                        or a failure on Your part to advise Freecharge within a reasonable time about
                                        any unauthorized access in
                                        Your Freecharge account used for this UPI Services.
We reserve the right, in Our sole and absolute discretion, to suspend or
                                        terminate Your use of one or more
                                        Freecharge UPI Services, without notice and without liability to You or any
                                        third party, for any reason,
                                        including without limitation inactivity or violation of these UPI Terms or other
                                        policies We may establish
                                        from time to time.
Disclaimer: THESE UPI SERVICES, INCLUDING ALL CONTENT, SOFTWARE,
                                                FUNCTIONS,
                                                MATERIALS, AND INFORMATION MADE AVAILABLE ON, PROVIDED IN CONNECTION
                                                WITH
                                                OR ACCESSIBLE THROUGH THE UPI SERVICES, ARE PROVIDED "AS IS." TO THE
                                                FULLEST
                                                EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY LAW, FREECHARGE, AND THEIR AGENTS, CO-BRANDERS OR
                                                OTHER PARTNERS, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DEVICE MANUFACTURERS
                                                (COLLECTIVELY, " FREECHARGE PARTIES"), MAKE NO REPRESENTATION OR
                                                WARRANTY OF
                                                ANY KIND WHATSOEVER FOR THE UPI SERVICES OR THE CONTENT, MATERIALS,
                                                INFORMATION AND FUNCTIONS MADE ACCESSIBLE BY THE SOFTWARE USED ON OR
                                                ACCESSED THROUGH THE UPI SERVICES, OR FOR ANY BREACH OF SECURITY
                                                ASSOCIATED
                                                WITH THE TRANSMISSION OF SENSITIVE INFORMATION THROUGH THE UPI SERVICES.
                                                EACH
                                                FREECHARGE PARTY DISCLAIMS WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF ANY KIND
                                                WITH RESPECT TO THE UPI SERVICES, NONINFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, OR
                                                FITNESS
                                                FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. FREECHARGE DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE FUNCTIONS
                                                CONTAINED IN THE UPI SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR FREE.
                                                FREECHARGE
                                                SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY SERVICE INTERRUPTIONS, INCLUDING BUT
                                                NOT
                                                LIMITED TO SYSTEM FAILURES OR OTHER INTERRUPTIONS THAT MAY AFFECT THE
                                                RECEIPT, PROCESSING, ACCEPTANCE, COMPLETION OR SETTLEMENT OF PAYMENT
                                                TRANSACTIONS, P2P PAYMENTS OR THE UPI SERVICES.
THE FREECHARGE PARTIES ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE ACCURACY OF ANY
                                                PAYMENT
                                                INSTRUMENT, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION WHETHER SUCH INFORMATION IS
                                                CURRENT AND UP-TO-DATE. WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THE PRECEDING
                                                SENTENCE, YOU EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT SUCH INFORMATION IS
                                                REPORTED BY THE BANK AS OF A PARTICULAR TIME ESTABLISHED BY THE BANK AND
                                                MAY
                                                NOT ACCURATELY REFLECT YOUR CURRENT TRANSACTIONS, AVAILABLE BALANCE, OR
                                                OTHER ACCOUNT OR PROGRAM DETAILS AT THE TIME THEY ARE DISPLAYED TO YOU
                                                THROUGH THE UPI SERVICES OR AT THE TIME YOU MAKE A PURCHASE OR
                                                REDEMPTION.
                                                YOU MAY INCUR FEES, SUCH AS OVERDRAFT FEES OR OTHER CHARGES AS A RESULT
                                                OF
                                                SUCH TRANSACTIONS, PER YOUR AGREEMENT WITH YOUR BANK , OR YOUR ATTEMPT
                                                TO
                                                MAKE A PURCHASE OR REDEMPTION MAY NOT BE SUCCESSFUL.
You agree to release Freecharge and its partner Bank (Axis Bank), agents,
                                        contractors, officers, and
                                        employees, from all claims, demands and damages (actual and consequential)
                                        arising out of or in any way
                                        connected to any transaction made through Freecharge App. You agree that You
                                        will not involve Freecharge
                                        in any litigation or other dispute arising out of or related to any transaction,
                                        agreement, or arrangement with
                                        any recipient, sender, merchant, advertiser or other third party in connection
                                        with the Freecharge UPI Service.
                                        If You attempt to do so, (i) You shall pay all costs and attorneys' fees of
                                        Freecharge, and group companies and
                                        shall provide indemnification as set forth below, and (ii) the jurisdiction for
                                        any such litigation or dispute shall
                                        be limited as set forth below.
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Freecharge, its partner bank,
                                        group companies and its
                                        directors, officers, owners, agents or other partners, employees, contractors
                                        and other applicable third parties
                                        (collectively
"Indemnified Parties"
) from and against any and
                                        all claims, demands, causes of action, debt or
                                        liability, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, including without limitation
                                        attorneys’ fees and costs incurred
                                        by the Indemnified Parties arising out of, related to, or which may arise from:
Your use of the UPI Services;
any breach or non-compliance by You of any term of these UPI Terms or
                                                any related policies;
any dispute or litigation caused by Your actions or omissions; or
Your negligence or violation or alleged violation of any applicable law
                                                or rights of a third party.
Jurisdiction :
You agree that any legal action or proceedings
                                        arising out of the aforementioned documents
                                        shall be brought exclusively in the competent courts/tribunals having
                                        jurisdiction in New Delhi, India and
                                        irrevocably submit themselves to the jurisdiction of such courts/tribunals.
These Freecharge UPI Terms and any rights and licenses granted hereunder, shall
                                        not be transferred, or
                                        assigned by You. However, We may assign, in whole or in part, the benefits or
                                        obligations of these UPI
                                        Terms. We will provide an intimation of such assignment to You, which will be
                                        binding on the parties to
                                        these UPI Terms.
Unless otherwise expressly stated in this UPI Terms, the failure to exercise or
                                        delay in exercising a right or
                                        remedy under these UPI Terms will not constitute a waiver of the right or remedy
                                        or a waiver of any other
                                        rights or remedies, and no single or partial exercise of any right or remedy
                                        under the UPI Terms will prevent
                                        any further exercise of the right or remedy or the exercise of any other right
                                        or remedy.
These UPI Terms, which by their nature and content are intended to survive the
                                        performance hereof by any
                                        or all parties hereto will so survive the completion and termination of these
                                        UPI Terms.
If any provision of the UPI Terms is or becomes, in whole or in part, invalid or
                                        unenforceable, then that
                                        provision shall be deemed severable and shall not affect the validity and
                                        enforceability of any of the
                                        remaining provisions.. If any court/tribunal of competent jurisdiction holds any
                                        of the provisions of the UPI
                                        Terms unlawful or otherwise ineffective, the remaining of the UPI Terms will
                                        remain in full force and the
                                        unlawful or otherwise ineffective provision will be substituted by a new
                                        provision reflecting the intent of the
                                        provision so substituted.
Terms & Conditions of Use for UPI LITE
The T&Cs govern the UPI LITE feature enabled by National Payments Corporation of India (“NPCI”)
                                        on the Unified Payment Interface (“UPI”) Application (“UPI App.”). User is required to read and
                                        understand the T&Cs carefully, and exercise prudence and discretion before accessing or using the UPI
                                        LITE feature enabled on the Freecharge App.
The Terms of Use for UPI LITE ( “T&Cs UPI LITE”) is applicable and binding on the user opting to
                                        use UPI LITE. UPI LITE is an 'on-device wallet' for small value transactions enabled on Freecharge
                                        mobile application (“Freecharge UPI App/ Freecharge App.”) by Freecharge Payment Technologies
                                        Pvt. Ltd. (“Freecharge”). Users are requested to note that UPI LITE may not be supported by all
                                        banks. User shall be able to enable only one Bank Account that is linked on the Freecharge App.
The User may activate the UPI LITE on the Freecharge App, and by requesting to enable or activate
                                        UPI LITE, the user acknowledges that she/he has read, understood and agreed to be bound by the Terms
                                        of Use for UPI LITE.
The User will be required to have her/his bank account linked with the set UPI PIN, and will also be
                                        required to authorize the issuing bank (using UPI PIN) to enable the UPI LITE (on-device wallet). This
                                        request will prompt the issuing bank to transfer funds from Users account towards UPI LITE usage.
                                        Once the issuing bank confirms successful transfer of funds, the UPI l LITE is enabled and the virtual
                                        balance is reflected in the UPI section on Freecharge App.
In order to make payment via UPI LITE feature to any merchant, the User shall not be required to enter
                                        a UPI PIN. However, transactions undertaken vide UPI LITE feature shall be subject to certain
                                        transaction value threshold. The applicable transaction limits are as follows:
Every spend transaction using UPI LITE Facility shall be limited to a maximum of INR
                                                500.
The cumulative value of all transactions using UPI LITE Facility in a day shall be limited
                                                to a maximum of INR 4000.
The maximum balance that can be held in the UPI LITE Facility at one point in time shall
                                                be limited to INR 2000.
The above stated transaction limits may be modified as may be notified by NPCI and without any prior
                                            notice.
The User understands and acknowledge that the User shall not be entitled to earn any interest on the
                                            balance amount held in the UPI LITE account. The User shall be solely responsible for maintaining
                                            the secrecy of the password and other credentials, associated with the UPI APP and UPI LITE account.
Before changing mobile device, User must disable UPI Lite Facility from such mobile device and move
                                            available balance funds to User's linked Bank Account. In case User fail to disable UPI Lite from hid
                                            old mobile device, he can reach out to his issuer bank for moving available balance in UPI Lite to his
                                            Bank Account. User understand and agree that Freecharge shall not be liable in this regard.
User shall have the right to disable the UPI Lite, at any time. Once the UPI Lite Facility is disabled, the
                                            balance funds shall be credited into user linked Bank Account.
The T&Cs UPI LITE are in addition to and not in derogation of the terms and conditions governing the
                                            usage of Freecharge UPI. In the event of conflict between the UPI LITE Terms and the Terms of Use
                                            for Freecharge UPI, the Terms of Use for UPI LITE shall have an overriding effect.
Terms and Conditions for Easy EMI
Please read these terms of service carefully. By accessing the Easy EMI Service or
                                    using Easy EMI Service (‘service’), in addition to the TERMS AND CONDITIONS
                                    mentioned on https://www.freecharge.in/termsandconditions you agree to be bound by
                                    the Easy EMI Service TERMS & CONDITIONS ("TERMS"). If you do not agree with these
                                    terms, please do not access the Easy EMI service or use the Easy EMI service.
(A) FREECHARGE TERMS OF SERVICE
1. The Easy EMI Service (“Service”) is provided by Freecharge Payment Technologies
                                Private Limited (“Freecharge”) in partnership with Axis Bank Limited (“Axis Bank” or
                                “Lender”).
2. In order to avail the Service, the Customer needs to provide his Axis Bank Debit Card
                                Details. Re. 1 will be deducted to validate the Axis Bank Debit Card which will be
                                refunded back in 5-7 business days.
3. Post Axis Debit Card verification, requested amount will be added in Freecharge
                                Balance as Gift Instrument with a validity of 1095 days.
4. Rejection or approval of the Service, approved amount and rate of interest are at the
                                sole discretion of Axis Bank.
5. For any complaints/queries regarding the Service kindly write to care@freecharge.com.
6.
CHARGES:
Freecharge reserves the right to charge and recover from the
                                Customer, service charges / other applicable charges for providing the Service. The
                                Customer hereby authorizes Freecharge to recover the service charge in a manner as
                                Freecharge may deem fit along with such interest, if any, and/or suspension of the
                                Service without any liability to Freecharge.
7.
AUTHORITY TO FREECHARGE:
Freecharge/ shall have no obligation to
                                verify the authenticity of any transaction / instruction received or purported to have
                                been received from the Customer. While Freecharge shall endeavour to carry out the
                                instructions promptly, they shall not be responsible for any delay in carrying on the
                                instructions due to any reason whatsoever, including due to failure of operational
                                systems or any requirement of law. Freecharge may refuse to comply with the instructions
                                without assigning any reason and shall not be under any duty to assess the prudence or
                                otherwise of any instruction and have the right to suspend the Service if it has reason
                                to believe that the Customer’s instructions will lead or expose to direct or indirect
                                loss or may require an indemnity from the Customer.
8.
LIABILITY OF THE CUSTOMER AND FREECHARGE:
Freecharge shall not be
                                liable for any unauthorised transactions occurring through the use of the Service and
                                the Customer hereby fully indemnifies and holds Freecharge harmless against any action,
                                suit, proceeding initiated against it or any loss, cost or damage incurred by it as a
                                result thereof. Freecharge shall under no circumstance be held liable to the Customer if
                                the Service is not available in the desired manner for reasons including but not limited
                                to natural calamities, legal restraints, faults in the telecommunication network or
                                network failure, or any other reason beyond the control of Freecharge. Under no
                                circumstances shall Freecharge be liable for any damages whatsoever whether such damages
                                are direct, indirect, incidental consequential and irrespective of whether any claim is
                                based on loss of revenue, interruption of business or any loss of any character or
                                nature whatsoever and whether sustained by the Customer or by any other person. Illegal
                                or improper use of the Service shall render the Customer liable for payment of financial
                                charges as decided by Freecharge or will result in suspension of the Service.
9.
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES:
The Customer expressly agrees that use of
                                the Freecharge website/ Service is at its sole risk. The Freecharge website/ Service is
                                provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. Except as warranted in the terms,
                                Freecharge expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied or
                                statutory, including, but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability,
                                fitness for a particular purpose, data accuracy and completeness, and any warranties
                                relating to non-infringement in the Service provided by Freecharge/. Freecharge does not
                                warrant that access to the Freecharge website/ Service shall be uninterrupted, timely,
                                secure, or error free nor does it make any warranty as to the results that may be
                                obtained from the Freecharge website or use, accuracy or reliability of the Service.
                                Freecharge will not be liable for any virus that may enter the Customer’s system as a
                                result of the Customer using the Service. Freecharge does not guarantee to the Customer
                                or any other third party that the Service would be virus free.
10.
Change of Terms:
This Service shall be provided at the discretion of
                                Freecharge who reserves the right to add, revise, suspend in whole or in part any of the
                                services provided by it. By using the Service, the Customer shall be deemed to have
                                accepted these Terms. Freecharge shall have the absolute discretion to amend or
                                supplement any of the Terms and/or terms and conditions stipulated by Freecharge
                                pertaining to the Service and/or to any services/facilities offered by Freecharge at any
                                time. The Customer shall be responsible for regularly reviewing these Terms and the
                                terms and conditions stipulated by Freecharge including amendments thereto as may be
                                posted on the website. By using any new services as may be introduced by Freecharge, the
                                Customer shall be deemed to have accepted the changed terms and conditions stipulated by
                                Freecharge.
11. The Customer shall be solely responsible for the payments made through the Service
                                even in the event of the Customer claiming non-possession of the Freecharge Account with
                                him/her. The Customer shall further be solely responsible for any payments made using
                                the Service through the website and cannot claim the invalidity of the same.
12. Since the disbursal of the loan will be in Freecharge Balance, the terms and
                                conditions for prepaid payment instruments namely Freecharge Balance as published on the
                                Freecharge’s website shall be applicable. The amount shall not be transferrable or
                                withdrawable or refundable and shall have a validity period of 1095 days.
(B) Axis Bank Terms of Service
1. "EMI" or "Equated Monthly Installment" means the equated monthly installment of
                                amounts payable by the Card Member to AXIS Bank comprising of principal amount, interest
                                and any/ or other charges, if applicable.
2. "Debit Card EMI" refers to the conversion into EMI upon request by the Card Member, of
                                transactions performed using the Debit Card at EDC (Electronic Data Capture) terminal
                                and/or for such online transactions, where the option for such conversion is available.
                                AXIS Bank shall be entitled to, at its sole discretion, make available to individual
                                Card Member, EMI on the Debit Card, without prejudice to the obligation of the Card
                                Member to make immediate payment on the incurring of the charge, the Card Member may,
                                seek to avail of the option of paying for certain purchases through Equated Monthly
                                Installments (EMIs)
3. The decision of conversion of EMI as per customer request lies at the discretion of
                                AXIS Bank.
4. If all conditions are met the transaction amount is disbursed into the customer’s
                                Freecharge Balance account within 4 working days from the date of transaction. Post
                                which the EMI will be debited on a monthly basis from customer linked active saving
                                account.
5. The EMI facility will be available with respect to the Debit Card which presently
                                comprise of the following purchases, viz., New purchases at Merchant Establishment and
                                ecommerce retailers.
6. The Card member shall be charged an interest rate on monthly reducing balance basis,
                                for availing the EMI facility. This interest will be mentioned on the payment
                                confirmation page for customer consent.
7. The Pre-Approved EMI will be offered for a maximum tenor of 12 months with slabs of 6,
                                9 and 12 months.
8. The rate of interest effective from March 12, 2015 will be 14 % per annum computed on
                                reducing balance. Equated Monthly Installment (EMI) per Rs 1000 will be Rs. 174 for EMI
                                tenor of 6 months, Rs. 118 for EMI tenor of 9 months and Rs. 90 for EMI tenor of 12
                                months. The Bank may revise the rate of interest at a later stage without issuing prior
                                notice to the cardholders.
9. The Equated Monthly Installment (EMI) amount will be auto debited every month from the
                                customer’s saving account on a particular date (i.e on 30th day Post EMI Booking date)
10. The entire EMI amount will be included in calculation of Minimum Amount Due payable
                                by the cardholder.
11. Axis bank reserves the right to mark a lien on the customer saving account to recover
                                the outstanding balance in case of delinquent customers.
12. No request for changes in the billing cycle shall be entertained during the entire
                                loan period. The loan period is defined as the loan tenor selected by the cardholder at
                                the time of request.
13. Service Tax will be applicable on Foreclosure Fee
14.
Repayment:
The card member shall repay the facility and interest
                                thereon in EMIs. The interest shall be at such rate which has been indicated by AXIS
                                Bank to the card member at the time of making the offer for the facility and as also as
                                communicated to the card member on the charge-slip. The interest calculation will start
                                from the time the transaction has been booked for the facility. The card member hereby
                                authorizes AXIS Bank to auto debit the account of the card member on a monthly basis for
                                the amount of EMI due for that particular month. The card member should maintain
                                required balance in his account to pay the entire amount of the EMI for a particular
                                month on the due date, and the same shall not be permitted to be carried
                                forward/included in the next month. In the event the payment is not made by the due date
                                as specified, it shall be construed as a default by the card member and card member
                                shall become liable to pay the entire due amount.
15.
Prepayment:
The card member may close the facility (prepayment of
                                the outstanding amount) at any time by contacting AXIS Bank's Customer Care to avail of
                                the foreclosure. The card member has to call up the customer service for complete
                                prepayment of the facility. AXIS Bank shall, without prejudice to all rights and
                                remedies, have the right to call upon the card member to forthwith repay the Facility,
                                all interest thereon and all other monies in respect of the facility upon occurrence of
                                event of default in payment of EMI for more than two consecutive months and the card
                                member shall be liable to repay all such amounts upon such demand
16.
Cancellation of Facility:
The card member may cancel the facility
                                within 30 days of date of transaction. The customer can request for a cancellation at
                                the customer care. In the case of cancellation, the original transaction amount which
                                was converted into EMI shall be debited back to the customer account and all charges
                                relating to such EMI conversion shall be reversed, but only if the card member has
                                called up within 30 days from the date of transaction. Kindly ensure that there are
                                sufficient funds (upto the transaction amount availed of EMI on Debit Card) available in
                                your account for processing the cancellation request.
17.
Particular Affirmative Covenants:
a. The card member has understood AXIS Bank's method of calculating EMIs payable.
b. The card member is deemed to have accepted these terms and conditions upon the card
                                member having requested for the facility.
c. The card member shall make payment of all taxes, duties, levies (including service
                                tax) in connection with the facility.
d. Axis Bank reserves the right at any time without previous notice to add, alter,
                                modify, change or vary all or any of these Terms and Conditions or to replace, wholly or
                                in part, this scheme by another scheme, whether similar to this scheme or not, or to
                                withdraw it altogether. Which if done shall be binding on the cardholder and the
                                cardholder shall abide by the said rules. If withdrawn, those who have opted shall
                                continue to get the right to pay through EMIs for the already approved conversion.
e. The participants will not hold Axis Bank responsible for or liable for, any actions,
                                claims, demands, losses, damages, costs, charges, and expenses that a participant may
                                suffer, sustain or incur by way of this scheme.
f. All and any disputes arising from the EMI facility shall be subject to the exclusive
                                jurisdiction of the courts of Mumbai
18. Events Of Default:
a. On Failure of EMI payment dues, bank can take legal action as per section 138, mark
                                lien or debit my saving account to recover the outstanding due amount
b. Ifone or more of the events specified in this Clause ("Events of Default") occur or
                                shall have occurred, AXIS Bank may foreclose the facility by a notice in writing to the
                                card member.
c. The card member's commission of a breach of any of the terms and conditions along with
                                covenants herein contained or having made any misrepresentation to AXIS Bank.
d. The card member's having been declared as an insolvent.
e. The card member's having been declared as an insolvent.
f. The card member's failure to furnish any information or documents that may be required
                                by AXIS Bank.
g. The card member's entering into any composition with his/her creditors.
h. The card member's defaulting on any of the terms and conditions of any other loan or
                                facility provided by AXIS Bank to the card member.
i. The existence of any other circumstances which, in the sole opinion of AXIS Bank,
                                jeopardize AXIS Bank's interest. Upon the occurrence of any event of default as
                                specified above, AXIS Bank shall be entitled to exercise rights and remedies available
                                to it under these terms and conditions as also the primary terms and conditions.
Terms and Conditions for Axis Bank Personal
                            Loan
I/we hereby agree that based on the Borrower's Request, Representations, Warranties, Covenants and Undertakings as 
                                    contained herein and in the application for Personal Loan and other documents executed or tendered by the Borrower 
                                    in relation to the Personal Loan, the bank has agreed to lend to the Borrower and the Borrower agrees to borrow from 
                                    the Bank, the Personal Loan on the terms and conditions as fully contained in this Agreement and the key fact sheet.
The relationship between the Bank and the Borrower as lender and borrower shall commence from the date of this signing of 
                                    Agreement via electronic signature/other digital media and subsist until all monies due and payable by the Borrower to the 
                                    Bank under this Agreement and in all other documents pursuant hereto shall have been fully paid to and received by the Bank.
I/we hereby agree that the Personal Loan shall bear Service Charges and any other fees as mentioned in the key fact sheet, 
                                    which the Borrower agrees to reimburse to the Bank separately. The Bank shall be entitled to recover from the Borrower 
                                    Prepayment Charges at the rate mentioned in the key fact sheet on the amount of Personal Loan, repaid by the Borrower 
                                    ahead of the Repayment Terms as mentioned in the key fact sheet. The Bank shall also be entitled to recover from the 
                                    Borrower any other charges or costs incurred or claims suffered by the Bank in connection with the Personal Loan, 
                                    including on account of execution and stamping of this Agreement and any other documentation or security creation pursuant 
                                    to this Agreement.
I/we hereby understand that the Bank shall, unless agreed between the Borrower and the Bank otherwise and as stated in 
                                    the key fact sheet, disburse the Personal Loan through NEFT/RTGS direct credit to bank account or banker's Payment Order 
                                    or a Demand Draft crossed as "A/c Payee only"
i) in the name of the previous financier towards the repayment of the previous loan to be taken over by utilising the 
                                    Personal Loan.
ii) in the name of such party/ies as per the instructions of the borrower.
iii) in the name of the borrower at discretion of Bank.
The Bank shall have an unconditional right to cancel the undrawn/unavailed/unused portion of the Loan at any time during 
                                    the subsistence of the Loan, without any prior notice to the borrower, for any reason whatsoever. In the event of any 
                                    such cancellation, all the provisions of this Agreement and all other related documents shall continue to be effective 
                                    and valid and the Borrower shall repay the outstanding dues under the loan duly and punctually as provided herein.
I/we, the borrower hereby understand and agree that the charges in relation to the disbursement (including charges for 
                                    issuance or for the collection of proceeds by the beneficiary on such payment order or demand draft) shall be borne by 
                                    the Borrower. The Bank may not disburse at any time, any amount under the Personal Loan unless all the conditions and 
                                    any other formalities prescribed by the Bank including the following, but not restricted to, are complied with, in the 
                                    sole discretion of the Bank:
i) The Borrower's submission to the satisfaction of the Bank of a Certificate of Employment from his/her Employer and his/her financial statements;
ii) The Borrower's submission to the Bank, Electronic Clearing Service mandate/Standing Instruction mandate/NACH mandate 
                                    towards repayment instalments; and Any other document or writing as the Bank may require in its sole discretion.
iii) Submission of all the necessary approvals and permission from, the appropriate authorities including, but not 
                                    limited to approvals and certificates from corporations.
I/we, the Borrower, hereby undertake to repay to the Bank the amount equated in terms of monthly instalments 
                                    each by the first day of each calendar month or such part thereof as shall remain due and owing to the Bank. 
                                    The equated monthly instalment includes interest component.
Interest on the amount of the Loan is to be applied at the fixed rate of interest stipulated in the Schedule to 
                                    the Loan Agreement. The rate of interest will be fixed for the entire tenor of the loan. The rate of interest once 
                                    accepted on digital platform will not undergo change throughout the tenure of the loan.
APR : "Annual percentage rate" is a method to compute annualised credit cost, which includes interest rate and loan origination charges.
Cooling Off Period : Cooling off/look-up period is the period during which borrower shall not be charged any penalty 
                                    on prepayment of the loan.
I/we, understand that the Interest on the Personal loan shall accrue from the date on which the loan account is 
                                    opened for disbursal and accordingly the computation of the first EMI shall be calculated only for the actual number 
                                    of days remaining for the due date of first instalment. For rest of the instalments the entire period of 30 days based 
                                    on a pre-drawn schedule shall be taken into consideration. The disbursement of the Personal loan will be done by issuing 
                                    the disbursement Pay order / Demand draft or otherwise without the Bank concerning itself with the receipt of such 
                                    disbursement by the Beneficiary / Recipient and also with the realization of such payment order / Demand draft or 
                                    the time taken in such realization. Interest on the Personal Loan shall be computed and debited to the Personal Loan 
                                    Account on the due date in each calendar month/quarter/half year/year as stated in the key fact sheet. Interest Tax and 
                                    other levies as may be applicable from time to time on the Personal Loan shall be borne by the Borrower. The Bank shall 
                                    be entitled to debit all other amounts due and payable by the Borrower under this Agreement (including but not limited 
                                    to interest tax, fees, stamp duty, costs, service/prepayment and other charges, claims and expenses) to the Borrower's 
                                    Personal Loan account, unless separately reimbursed to the Bank by the Borrower. Such amounts shall form part of the 
                                    Personal Loan. All amounts in default for payment (i.e. not paid by the Borrower when due to the Bank) including arrears 
                                    of EMI, interest before the commencement of EMI, costs, charges and expenses debited to the Personal Loan account shall 
                                    attract penal interest without there being any need to assign a reason for such revision and interest and penal interest 
                                    shall thereafter accrue at such revised rate(s). Interest on the Loan shall be computed and debited to the Loan Account 
                                    taking the basis of 365 days a year.
I/we, undertake that the Personal Loan (including the principal, interest thereon and any other charges, premium, fees, 
                                    taxes levies or other dues payable by the Borrower to the Bank in terms of this Agreement) be repayable by the Borrower 
                                    to the Bank-
i) at the Branch (or at any other branch of the Bank or at any other place as may be notified by the Bank).
ii) by way of Equated Monthly Instalment(EMI) as mentioned in the key fact sheet towards repayment of principal 
                                    and interest; and
iii) by separate repayments towards repayment of default interest, fees, charges, taxes, claims, costs and 
                                    expenses charged to the Personal Loan account.
Further the Bank shall have a lien and right of set-off on all moneys belonging to the Borrower standing to their 
                                    credit in any account whatsoever with the Bank. If upon demand by the Bank the balance outstanding in the Credit 
                                    Facility account is not repaid within the prescribed time, such credit balance in any account may be adjusted towards 
                                    dues under the Credit Facility account. In case of any deficit, the deficit amount may be recovered by the Bank from 
                                    the Borrower. I/we, further agree that the Equated Monthly Instalment (EMI) amount shall be arrived at so as to comprise 
                                    repayment of principal and payment of interest calculated on the basis of the interest rate, periodicity, of repayment, 
                                    of the entire liability under the Personal Loan at the end of its tenor and the Borrower agrees to continue paying EMIs 
                                    until all amounts due under the Personal Loan have been repaid in full to the Bank. No notice, reminder or intimation 
                                    will be given to the Borrower regarding his/her obligation to pay the EMI regularly on each due date. It shall entirely 
                                    be his/her responsibility to ensure prompt and timely payment to the Bank. Any delay or default in payment of any EMI 
                                    shall make the Borrower liable to pay to the Bank, interest at the Default Interest Rate (for the period of such default) 
                                    as mentioned in the key fact sheet, besides constituting a default thereby making all sums under this Agreement due and 
                                    payable to the Bank forthwith. All repayments of Principal and payment of interest and all other amounts by way of EMI 
                                    or otherwise shall be given effect to in the Personal Loan account in accordance with the method of effecting payment as 
                                    stated in the key fact sheet or as adopted by the Bank from time to time. Repayments ahead of the Repayment Terms shall 
                                    attract Prepayment Charges as stated in the key fact sheet.
All amounts in default for payment, due to delay or non-payment of EMI/Installment or interest thereon including any costs, 
                                    charges and expenses or due to occurrence of any other Event of Default as mentioned in the above paragraph shall be 
                                    debited to the loan/drawal account and in such case Bank shall also levy the penal interest and other charges as applicable 
                                    and prescribed in the schedule of charges in the said loan /drawal account for the period of default without there being 
                                    any need to assign a reason for the same, which shall be paid by the Borrower.
However, if Borrower fails to make the payment of above said amounts in default for payment or the penal interest and 
                                    other charges levied by the Bank within 90 days from the due date of such payments, in that case said loan/drawal account 
                                    shall be classified as Non Performing Asset (NPA).
In order to regularize the said loan/drawal account, the Borrower shall be liable to pay all the above mentioned amounts 
                                    in default and/or penal interest and other charges, as the case may be, [on immediate basis]
I/we, the borrower hereby understand and agree the following:
The Bank shall, in relation to the Personal Loan:
i) have the sole right at any time during the tenure of this Agreement to revise/reschedule the repayment terms/ amount 
                                    of EMI or of any other amounts outstanding there under and the Borrower shall make all future repayments to the Bank 
                                    according to such revised schedule on being notified by the Bank of such revision or reschedulement;
ii) have the sole right to amend any of the terms and conditions of this Agreement including but not limited to 
                                    revision of interest Rate (including the Default Interest Rate), periodicity of compounding interest, method of 
                                    effecting credit of the repayments without assigning any reason or notifying the Borrower and the Borrower agree 
                                    that such revision shall become applicable from date of such revision in the records of the Bank;
iii) have the right to receive and adjust any payment/s that it may receive as an assignee of the insurance in 
                                    relation to the Property that may have been provided as security and on the life of the Borrower towards amounts 
                                    due and/or payable by the Borrower under this Agreement;
iv) be entitled to disclose any information about the Borrower, his/her account relationship with the Bank and/or 
                                    any default committed by him (whether such information is provided by the Borrower or obtained by the Bank itself 
                                    and whether in form of repayment conduct, rating or defaults) to its head office, other branch offices, affiliated 
                                    entities, Reserve Bank of India, any Refinancing agency, credit rating agency and such third parties as the Bank may 
                                    in its sole and exclusive discretion, deem fit and proper. The Bank shall also be entitled to seek and receive any 
                                    information as it deems fit in connection with the Personal Loan and/or the Borrower from any third party;
v) with specific consent the borrower allows the Bank/Lender for disclosing / submitting the 'financial information' 
                                    as defined in Section 3 (13 ) of the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016 ( 'Code' for brief ) read with the relevant 
                                    Regulations/ Rules framed under the Code, as amended and in force from time to time and as specified there under from 
                                    time to time, in respect of the Credit/ Financial facilities availed from the Bank/ Lender, from time to time, to any 
                                    'Information Utility' ( 'IU' for brief ) as defined in Section 3 ( 21 ) of the Code, in accordance with the relevant 
                                    Regulations framed under the Code, and directions issued by Reserve Bank of India to the banks from time to time and 
                                    hereby specifically agree to promptly authenticate the 'financial information submitted by the Bank/Lender, as and 
                                    when requested by the concerned 'IU'
vi) be entitled to require the Borrower, in the event of the Borrower opting to resign or retire from the employment 
                                    prior to the age of superannuation or is discharged or removed from service before such date for any reason whatsoever, 
                                    to instruct his/her employer to remit the entire dues (including provident fund, gratuity and compensation) becoming 
                                    payable by the Borrower from his/her employer on account of his/her such cessation of employment and to receive and 
                                    appropriate the same towards the Borrower's liability under the Personal Loan.
vii) may obtain and share personal data of the borrowers is from/with its vendors/third party agents in the 
                                    course of processing and disbursing of the Loan. I hereby give my consent to the Bank to share my personal 
                                    information with such vendors/third party agents of the Bank as may be required.
viii) during the customer journey of applying for 24x7 Loans or post completion of such journey, Axis Bank shall 
                                    collect, store, utilize and analyse customer feedback for the purposes of internal product enhancements, quality 
                                    checks and marketing of retail lending products. Customer feedback shall be collected via self-administered surveys, 
                                    telephonic communication, or face to face interaction with the customers wherein such telephonic communication and 
                                    face to face interaction shall be conducted by Axis bank itself or by third parties appointed on behalf of Axis Bank 
                                    to solely collect customer feedback. For the sake of clarity, customer feedback collected by third parties on behalf 
                                    of Axis Bank shall not be utilized by such third parties in any manner whatsoever.
I/we, the borrower, hereby agree to the following with a view to induce the Bank to grant the Personal Loan to the borrower,
i) Borrower has given complete and correct information and details in the application form about himself/herself;
ii) Borrower shall make available to the Bank such security (including mortgage over the Property) in such form and 
                                    substance as may be required by the Bank;
iii) Borrower has no pending claims demands litigation or proceedings against him/her before any court or authority 
                                    (public or private);
iv) Borrower shall ensure that the purpose for which the Personal Loan is advanced by the Bank is fulfilled in 
                                    all respects and produced to the Bank, the necessary documents, as may be required by the Bank;
v) Borrower shall ensure proceeds will not be utilized for purchase of gold in any form including primary gold, 
                                    gold bullion, gold jewellery, gold coins, units of Gold Exchange Traded Funds (ETF) and units of gold Mutual Funds, 
                                    acquisition of/investing in Small Savings Instruments, dealing in Virtual Currencies.
vi) Borrower shall in addition to the income/ financial statement/s required by the Bank furnish such other 
                                    information/ documents concerning his/her employment, trade, business, profession or otherwise as the Bank may 
                                    require from time to time;
vii) Borrower shall promptly and without requiring any notice or reminder from the Bank, repay to the Bank 
                                    the Personal Loan in accordance with the Repayment Terms mentioned in the key fact sheet; Borrower shall 
                                    (in case of more than one borrower) be jointly and severally liable to repay the Personal Loan, interest and 
                                    all other sums due and payable under this Agreement and to observe its terms a conditions;
viii) Borrower where applicable, shall inform the Bank of any likely change in his/her employment;
ix) Borrower shall not stand surety or guarantor for any third party liability or obligation;
x) Borrower being a resident in India, shall not leave India for employment or business or long stay without 
                                    first fully repaying the Personal Loan then outstanding due and payable with interest and other dues, including 
                                    prepayment charges, if any;
xi) Borrower shall keep himself/herself aware of the rules of the Bank, pertaining to Personal Loan, and in force 
                                    from time to time.
xii) The borrower shall, in case the borrower is a company/firm/body corporate, notify the Bank at least 30 days in 
                                    advance of any intended a) change in business, constitution or constitution documents or b) closure of its business or c) 
                                    change in address.
xiii) The borrower shall ensure that any update/change in any information or documents provided by the borrower in 
                                    future is intimated/ informed to the Bank promptly, i.e., within 30 days from the date of change.
xiv) The borrower declares that they are not a Politically Exposed Person (PEP) nor are they related to any 
                                    Politically Exposed Person (PEP). They undertake that in the event of subsequently becoming a PEP, they will 
                                    immediately intimate the Bank regarding the same. Politically Exposed Persons (PEPs) are individuals who are or 
                                    have been entrusted with prominent public functions by a foreign country, including the Heads of States/Governments, 
                                    senior politicians, senior government or judicial or military officers, senior executives of state-owned corporations 
                                    and important political party officials.
xv) In the event of savings account/s of the Borrower/s being closed or being shifted from Axis Bank to any other Bank, 
                                    the Borrower/s shall within 15 days of such closure or shifting of account, arrange to the satisfaction of Axis Bank 
                                    any other alternative mode of payment of the instalments either by way of Electronic Clearing System (ECS) or by 
                                    submitting Post Dated Cheques (PDC's), failing which the Bank would have an option to recall the outstanding loan 
                                    of the Borrower/s.
xvi) The Borrower hereby acknowledges and agrees that the Bank has a right to award a separate mandate to its Auditor 
                                    or any independent Auditor, as the Bank may deem fit with a view to obtain a specific certificate regarding 
                                    diversion /siphoning of funds by the Borrower. The Borrower agrees and undertakes to co-operate with such Auditors 
                                    and provide the necessary information and/or documents as may be required by such Auditors. The Borrower also agrees 
                                    and undertakes to bear all the expenditure in respect of obtaining the said Certificate and agrees to indemnify and 
                                    keep the Bank indemnified in this regard.
I understand that the Bank may by a written notice to the Borrower, declare all sums outstanding under the Personal 
                                    Loan (including the principal, interest, charges, expenses) to become due and payable forthwith and enforce the 
                                    security (if applicable) in relation to the Personal Loan upon the occurrence (in the sole decision of the Bank) 
                                    of any one or more of the following:
i) The Borrower fails to pay to the Bank any amount when due and payable under this Agreement.
ii) The Borrower fails to pay to any person other than the Bank any amount when due and payable or any person 
                                    other than the Bank demands repayment of the loan or dues or liability of the Borrower to such person ahead of 
                                    its repayment terms as previously agreed between such person and the Borrower;
iii) The Borrower defaults in performing any of his/her obligations under this Agreement or breaches any of the 
                                    terms or conditions of this Agreement;
iv) The Borrower opts to resign or retires from the employment prior to the age of superannuation or is discharged 
                                    or removed from service before such date for any reason whatsoever
v) Any of the information provided by the Borrower to avail the Personal Loan or any of his/her Representations, 
                                    Warranties herein being found to be or becoming incorrect or untrue;
vi) Any person other than the Bank commencing proceedings to declare the Borrower insolvent or if the Borrowershall 
                                    become bankrupt or insolvent or commit act of insolvency;
vii) The value of the security (including guarantee/s) created or tendered by the Borrower, in the sole discretion 
                                    and decision of the Bank, depreciates entitling the Bank to call for further security and the Borrower fails to 
                                    give additional security;
I/we, understand that the Bank shall have a right to sell or transfer (by way of assignment, securitisation or otherwise) 
                                    whole or part of the Credit/Loan Facility and outstanding amounts under the Credit/Loan Facility or any other rights and 
                                    obligations of the Bank under this Agreement or any other document pursuant hereto to any person/ entity in a manner or 
                                    under or under such terms and conditions as the Bank may decide in its sole discretion without reference to or intimation 
                                    to me/us. The Borrower expressly agree, in the event of sale or transfer as aforesaid, to accept such person to whom the 
                                    Credit/Loan Facility is sold or transferred as his lender and make the repayment of the Credit/Loan Facility to such 
                                    person as may be directed by the Bank. The Borrower shall not be entitled to directly or indirectly assign any or all of 
                                    its rights or obligations under this Agreement in part or in whole to any person. The rights, powers and remedies 
                                    available to the Bank under Law and under these present, shall be exercised by the Bank through any of its employees or 
                                    agent and the Bank may delegate any or all of the said powers and authorities to such employee or agent.
I/we, further undertake the followings:
i) If at any time the Bank is of the opinion that the value of the said security/ guarantee prescribed/ provided for 
                                    the Personal loan is not adequate or sufficient for the purpose of securing the due repayment of the loan, and monies 
                                    due thereon, the Bank shall be entitled to call for any additional security by notice in writing and the Borrower 
                                    shall be bound to comply with the said notice and provide any additional security satisfactory to the Bank within 
                                    30 days from the receipt of the letter.
ii) The Borrower confirms the accuracy of the information given in the loan application and further confirms that no 
                                    material change or alteration has taken place subsequent to the date of application which would impact adversely the 
                                    safety of amount granted by the Bank in any manner whatsoever.
iii) The Borrower declares and confirms that he/she is not a party to any litigation of any material character affecting 
                                    the security and Borrower is not aware of any facts likely to give rise to such litigation or any material claims or 
                                    enquiries from any tax authorities or other statutory authorities.
iv) All or any other conditions as specified in the most important information shall form an integral part of this 
                                    Agreement and the most important information shall always be used in conjunction with this agreement at all times. 
                                    Interest on the amount of the loan will be applied at the rate specified in the key fact sheet herein separately agreed.
v) All loans are at the sole discretion of Axis Bank and are subject to adherence of Terms and Conditions stipulated 
                                    by the Bank and guided by Statutory and Regulatory directives from time to time. Axis Bank would have sole discretion 
                                    on approval or disallowance of facilities, drawings beyond the sanctioned limits and disallowing drawing on a borrowal 
                                    account on its asset classification or on account of any non-compliance with the terms of sanction. Axis Bank does not 
                                    have an obligation to meet further requirements of the borrowers on account of growth in business etc. without proper 
                                    review of credit limits.
vi) All disputes, differences and / or claim or questions arising out of these presents or in any way touching or 
                                    concerning the same or as to constructions, meaning or effect thereof or as to the right, obligations and liabilities 
                                    of the parties hereunder shall be referred to and settled by arbitration, to be held in accordance with the provisions 
                                    of the Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996 including related rules and regulations and any other statutory 
                                    amendments thereof, of a sole arbitrator to be nominated by the Lender/Bank, and in the event of death, unwillingness, 
                                    refusal, neglect, inability or incapability of a person so appointed to act as an arbitrator, the Lender/Bank may 
                                    appoint a new arbitrator to be a sole arbitrator. The arbitrator shall not be required to give any reasons for the 
                                    award and the award of the arbitrator shall be final and binding on all parties concerned. The seat and venue of 
                                    arbitration proceedings shall be at Chennai. The arbitral procedure shall be conducted in English.
vii) The Fair Practice Code for the Lenders as published on the Axis Bank's website, shall apply to the Loan. 
                                    Copy of the Fair Practice Code for lenders as available on the Bank's website.
https://www.axisbank.com/docs/default-source/default-document-library/fair-practice-code-for-lenders.pdf
Applicable in cases where borrower is maintaining savings a/c with Axis Bank
Without prejudice to any other term of this Agreement, I expressly agree that any payment made by the Borrower to 
                                    the Bank under this Agreement shall be appropriated by the Bank in the following order-
i) costs, charges and expenses that the Bank may expend to service, enforce and maintain the security and therefore 
                                    recover the Personal Loan, interest and all sums due and payable by the Borrower to the Bank under this Agreement.
ii) interest on amounts in default and loss of profit on the defaulted amount/s
iii) prepayment charges
iv) interest
v) principal amount of the Personal Loan
I/we, agree that any delay or omission by the Bank in exercising any of its rights, powers or remedies as the lender 
                                    of the loan under this Agreement and other documents pursuant hereto shall not impair the right, power or remedy or be 
                                    construed as its waiver or acquiesce by the Bank. I/we, confirm that this Agreement and its Schedules and any other 
                                    documentation pursuant to it represent one single agreement between the Parties.
Laws of India shall govern this Agreement, the security and other documentation pursuant hereto and Courts at Chennai, 
                                    Tamil Nadu, India shall have exclusive jurisdiction over all aspects governing the interpretation and enforcement of 
                                    this Agreement, the security and other documentation pursuant hereto.
The addresses of the Borrower and the Bank shall be as mentioned in the key fact sheet. The Borrower shall forthwith 
                                    inform the Bank of any change in his/her Address (current residence and office). Any notice or request required or 
                                    permitted under this Agreement to be given by either party to the other shall be only in writing and sent on the 
                                    address of the other Party as mentioned in the key fact sheet (or in case to the Borrower, on the address of the Borrower 
                                    last known to the Bank):
i) If given by the Bank, may be given by personal delivery, fax or by post and shall be deemed to have been served 
                                    upon or received by the Borrower, if given by personal delivery, when so delivered and if by post on expiration of 3 
                                    days after the same has been delivered to the post office for onward transmission to the Borrower under certificate of 
                                    posting; and
ii) If given by the Borrower to the Bank when it is actually received by the Bank.
SMA 0 - If due date of a loan account is March 31, 2021, and full dues are not received on this date, the account 
                                        shall be SMA 0 on day end of March 31, 2021.
SMA 1 - If it continues to remain overdue, then this account shall get tagged as SMA-1 upon completion of 30 days 
                                        of being continuously overdue i.e. April 30, 2021.
SMA 2 - If the account continues to remain overdue, it shall get tagged as SMA-2 on May 30, 2021.
NPA - If the account continues to remain overdue further, it shall get classified as NPA on June 29, 2021.
Terms and Conditions for Digital Gold
Last Updated On 7th March 2022
These terms apply to You if You use Services as described hereinafter.
By using the Services, You agree to be bound by the Terms of Use for Freecharge (
“Terms of Use”
), these additional terms and conditions (
“Terms”
) and all other terms, policies, and
                                    guidelines applicable to the Services (as defined in the Terms of Use) used.
PART I AND PART II OF THESE TERMS OF USE SHALL BE COLLECTIVELY REFERRED TO AS THE
‘TERMS’
AND SHALL ALWAYS BE READ TOGETHER.
PART – I
DEFINITIONS
1.1. For the purpose of these Terms, wherever the context so requires, the term:
1.1.1.
“Customer”
shall mean any individual, who as the counterparty transacts using the Platform for buying Gold (as defined below), taking delivery of Gold and/or selling back the Gold to DGIPL
                                                as outlined in these Terms.
1.1.2.
“Gold”
shall mean 24 karat gold of 99.9% purity or higher, offered to the Customer by Digigold under the brand name “SafeGold”
1.1.3.
“Gold Account”
shall mean the account created whether by You or otherwise, in accordance with these Terms.
1.1.4
“Gold Account Information”
shall mean the information provided by You for the purpose of creation of the Gold Account.
1.1.5.
“Customer Request”
shall mean a Delivery Request, Sale Request or exchange request placed by You in relation to the Customer Gold.
1.1.6.
“Force Majeure Event”
shall mean any event that is beyond the reasonable control of Freecharge and/or DGIPL and shall include, without limitation, sabotage, fire, flood, explosion, act of
                                                God, civil commotion, strikes, lockouts or industrial action of any kind, riots, insurrection, war, acts of government, computer hacking, civil disturbances, unauthorised access to computer data and storage
                                                device, computer crashes, virus attacks, breach of security and encryption, and any other similar events not within the control of Freecharge and/or DGIPL and which Freecharge and/or DGIPL is not able to
                                                overcome.
1.1.7.
“Person”
shall mean an individual, a corporation, a partnership, a joint venture, a trust, an unincorporated organization, and any other legal entity.
1.1.8.
"Platform"
shall mean, and include the mobile application and website by the name and style of ‘Freecharge’, that the Customer accesses for the transactions, including all contents,
                                                services and technology offered through the Platform.
1.1.9.
“Transfer”
refers to a facility to transfer Gold from a Gold Account to another Gold Account.
In addition to the terms defined in Section 1.1, additional terms used herein shall have the respective meanings assigned thereto in the relevant sections contained hereinafter.
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SERVICES BEING PROVIDED BY DGIPL
2.1. Digital Gold India Private Limited, a company incorporated under the Companies Act, 2013 with its registered office at 1902 Tower B, Peninsula Business Park, Ganpatrao Kadam Marg, Lower Parel, Mumbai,
                                            Maharashtra 400013, (
"DGIPL"
) will be selling gold and providing services of safe keeping/vaulting and delivery/fulfilment of gold and related services thereto to the Customers, on or through the
                                            Platform (
“Services”
).
2.2. The Gold is being offered for purchase and/or sale by DGIPL under its brand name
“SafeGold”
. The Services are being provided by DGIPL. ‘Freecharge Payment Technologies Private Limited’ a company
                                            incorporated in India under the Companies Act, 1956 and having its registered office at 11
th
Floor, Tower C, DLF Cyber Greens, DLF Cyber City, DLF Phase 3, Gurugram, Haryana 122022
                                            (
“Freecharge”
) is only facilitating the collection of payments for the Services on its Platform. Freecharge assumes no liability for the Services except for providing payment services and Customer
                                            Support in addressing the queries related to the Services and payments made in relation thereto. Any and all of the transactions relating to the Services are being rendered by DGIPL in association with the
                                            Intermediaries (namely the
“Security Trustee”
and
“Vault Keeper”
) with whom separate agreements have been entered into by DGIPL.
2.3. The Customers are advised to read and understand these Terms carefully before using the Services.
2.4. DGIPL and/or Freecharge does not guarantee any returns, on any transactions consummated vis-àvis the Platform, to any person, either directly or indirectly. The Customer (hereinafter referred to as
“You”
, with the term
“Your”
being construed accordingly) shall be solely responsible for undertaking appropriate and effective due diligence and related analysis before undertaking
                                            any transactions pursuant to these Terms of Use. You further acknowledge and agree that DGIPL and/or Freecharge and its officers, directors, employees, agents and affiliates will have no liability for Your purchase
                                            or other decisions using the Platform.
2.5. The Services by DGIPL shall be provided for a term commencing from the date of creation of the Gold Account.
2.6. You understand and acknowledge that the Services are being provided and made available on an “AS IS” and “AS AVAILABLE” basis. The Platform may contain errors or inaccuracies that could cause failures,
                                            corruption or loss of data and/or information from Your device and/or any device used by You to connect to the Platform as well as from peripherals (including, without limitation, servers and computers) connected to
                                            any of the above-mentioned devices. You assume all risks and costs associated with Your use of the Services and the Platform, including without limitation, any costs incurred for the use of Your device and any damage
                                            to any equipment, software or data.
2.7. You confirm that You are not registered under the Goods and Services Tax Act, 2017 andthat if, in the course of Your relationship with DGIPL, You become registered under the Goods and Services Tax Act, 2017, You
                                            shall inform DGIPL of Your change in status immediately, and provide any relevant information and documents, as may be requested.
SECURITY TRUSTEE, INTERMEDIARIES AND SAFE KEEPING ARRANGEMENT
3.1. Appointment of Intermediaries
3.1.1. DGIPL or the Security Trustee (as the case may be) may from time to time appoint intermediaries who shall assist DGIPL in providing the Services to You (
“Intermediaries”
). The term,
“Intermediaries”
shall mean the Security Trustee, Vault Keeper and shall include any and all Persons appointed by DGIPL or the Security Trustee (as the case may be) upon placement of a Customer
                                                Order (and successful payment of monies in lieu thereof) till the consummation of the Customer Requests placed by You in accordance with these Terms. You hereby consent to the appointment of such Intermediaries,
                                                for and on Your behalf, by DGIPL or the Security Trustee (as the case may be).
3.1.2. You acknowledge and understand that these Intermediaries have been appointed to ensure that Your Customer Orders/Customer Requests are duly complied with in accordance with these Terms. You additionally
                                                acknowledge that certain payments will have to be made to these Intermediaries for their appointment and services in relation thereto, which shall be borne by DGIPL on Your behalf unless otherwise indicated in
                                                these Terms.
3.2. Appointment of Security Trustee
3.2.1. You hereby acknowledge and agree that in order to ensure that Your Customer Orders/Customer Requests are fulfilled in all circumstances, a first and exclusive charge on the Customer Gold by way of
                                                hypothecation will be created in favour of IDBI Trusteeship Services Limited or any successor Person (
“Security Trustee”
).
3.2.2. By accepting these Terms, You further agree to accede to the terms for such arrangement with the Security Trustee (i.e., a security trustee agreement) and for creation of the charge over the Customer Gold
                                                by way of a deed of hypothecation or the like (collectively,
“Security Trustee Agreements”
). By clicking on “I Accept”, You acknowledge that You will accede to the Security Trustee Agreements
                                                (upon such date) as if You had been named as an original party to the same and had executed each of such Security Trustee Agreements; and will be bound by all the terms and conditions of the Security Trustee
                                                Agreements.
3.2.3. In the event of any expenses or charges remaining payable to any Intermediaries or otherwise till actual delivery or fulfilment of any of Your Customer Orders/Customer Requests for any reason, including
                                                where DGIPL is unable to pay these expenses or charges for any reason whatsoever, thereby adversely effecting or jeopardizing the fulfilment of Your Customer Orders/Customer Requests, then the Security Trustee
                                                will be entitled to sell part of the Customer Gold and satisfy such outstanding expenses or charges as required in accordance with these Terms read with the Security Trustee Agreements. The sums due to You and/or
                                                gold to be delivered (as the case may be), after settling the aforementioned charges, would be dealt with in accordance with these Terms read with the Security Trustee Agreements.
3.2.4. By way of these Terms, You authorize the Security Trustee to act on Your behalf to ensure that Your interests are adequately protected.
3.3. Safe Keeping/Vaulting of Gold
3.3.1. Gold purchased by You corresponding to the Customer Order shall be stored with a custodian in a vault on Your behalf (
“Vault Keeper”
).
3.3.2. You hereby authorize (i) appointment of such Vault Keeper to safe keep the gold purchased; and (ii) DGIPL to store such gold products purchased by You, including, but not limited to, bullion, coins or
                                                jewellery (as the case may be) in the secured vault on Your behalf (
“Customer Gold”
). It is hereby clarified that Your purchase of the gold corresponding to the Customer Order shall be deemed to
                                                be completed and title in relation thereto shall be deemed to have been passed upon such relevant portion of the Customer Gold being stored in the vault with the Vault Keeper on Your behalf or upon a final
                                                invoice being issued by DGIPL in accordance with these Terms, subject to applicable laws.
3.3.3. To ensure that the Customer Gold stored in such vault is adequately protected, necessary insurance policy/ies has been obtained by the Vault Keeper, where the cost of insurance to safe keep the same will
                                                be borne by the Vault Keeper. Pursuant to such insurance policy/ies, for any loss or damage to the Customer Gold stored in the vault, You further authorize the Security Trustee to act as Your beneficiary under
                                                the insurance policy/ies and to take all steps necessary to protect Your interests.
3.3.4. While the Vault Keeper has taken the necessary insurance policy/ies, in case of occurrence of an event not covered in such insurance policy/ies, the Customer Gold may be at risk. The insurance policy/ies
                                                obtained by the Vault Keeper are in line with the global industry practices and cover losses due to fire, lightning, theft, cyclone, earthquake, flood, etc. but do not cover losses due to events such as war,
                                                revolution, derelict weapons of war, nuclear radiation, etc.
STORAGE OF GOLD
You are required to take delivery of Your Customer Gold within such maximum period as shall be specified for this purpose by DGIPL from time to time on the Platform (
“Maximum Storage Period”
). For
                                            the purposes of making delivery to You, You are required to provide a valid address and/or any other documents/information/ biometric identification that may be specified in this regard by Freecharge and/or DGIPL on
                                            the Platform from time to time. You may provide such address at any time during the Maximum Storage Period. In the event that no valid address has been provided by You during the Maximum Storage Period, then
                                            Freecharge and/or DGIPL shall for a period 1 year commencing from the date of expiry of Maximum Storage Period (such period being the
“Grace Period”
) attempt at least once to contact You using the
                                            contact information provided by You to obtain either (i) an address to which You would require the gold in question to be delivered or (ii) Your bank account details into which sale proceeds of the Customer Gold
                                            shall be deposited. In the event that Freecharge and/or DGIPL has not been able to contact You during the applicable Grace Period using the contact information provided by You or where You shall during the Grace
                                            Period either fail to:
take delivery of the gold in question for any reason whosoever (including where You shall not have provided any address to take delivery of such gold); or
provide the details for a valid bank account into which the proceeds of any sale of such Customer Gold is to be deposited;
then upon expiry of the applicable Grace Period for the Customer Gold in question, DGIPL shall purchase such Customer Gold with the purchase price being the applicable prevailing price displayed on the Platform for
                                            purchase of gold from Customers. The purchase proceeds realized from such sale (
“Final Sale Proceeds”
) after deducting any amounts payable to DGIPL as storage charges for storage of such gold after
                                            the Free Storage Period, shall be deposited into a no-lien bank account operated by the Security Trustee who shall be the sole signatory to such bank account. In the event that You shall during a period of 3 years
                                            commencing from the date of expiry of the applicable Grace Period (such period being the
“Final Claim Period”
) notify either Freecharge, DGIPL or the Security Trustee that You are claiming the
                                            applicable Final Sale Proceeds, the Security Trustee shall issue suitable instructions to transfer the Final Sale Proceeds to such bank account as You shall notify for this purpose. Please note that to claim the
                                            Final Sale Proceeds You will be required to provide details of a valid bank account and that the Final Sale Proceeds will not be transferred in the absence of such details. At no time will the Final Sale Proceeds be
                                            paid to You in cash. In the event that You shall not claim Your Final Sale Proceeds within the Final Claim Period, then the Final Sale Proceeds shall be transferred to the Prime Minister’s Relief Fund or such other
                                            fund as You may designate for this purpose at any time prior to the expiry of the Grace Period.
FORCE MAJEURE
If performance under these Terms is prevented, restricted, delayed or interfered with by reason of labour disputes, strikes, acts of God, floods, lightning, severe weather, shortages of materials, rationing,
                                            inducement of any virus, Trojan or other disruptive mechanisms, any event of hacking or illegal usage of the Platform, utility or communication failures, earthquakes, war, revolution, acts of terrorism, civil
                                            commotion, acts of public enemies, blockade, embargo or any law, order, proclamation, regulation, ordinance, demand or requirement having legal effect of any government or any judicial authority or representative of
                                            any such government, or failure of any device used to access the Platform, or any other act whatsoever, whether similar or dissimilar to those referred to in this section, which are beyond the reasonable control of
                                            Freecharge and/or DGIPL and could not have been prevented by reasonable precautions then Freecharge and/or DGIPL shall be discharged from such performance to the extent of and during the period of such force majeure
                                            event. Such non-performance by Freecharge and/or DGIPL shall, in no manner whosoever, amount to a breach of its obligations herein.
TERMINATION OF SERVICES BY DGIPL
6.1. DGIPL, in its sole discretion, may modify, suspend, or terminate access to or may require the Platform to modify, suspend, or terminate access to, all or any portion of the Platform or Your ability to access any
                                            Services through the Platform at any time for any reason including termination for breach of any of these Terms or occurrence of a Customer EoD or the Privacy Policy. The term
“Customer EoD”
shall
                                            mean any default by a Customer of its obligations owed to the Security Trustee, under the Security Trustee Agreements provided that for the purposes of enforcing the hypothecation created by You in favour of the
                                            Security Trustee, the Security Trustee would be required to first obtain a suitable order / direction passed in its favour from a competent judicial or statutory authority having jurisdiction in the matter.
6.2. These Terms shall further stand terminated:
6.2.1. if DGIPL is adjudged bankrupt or declared insolvent;
6.2.2. if DGIPL ceases to carry on its business or has communicated to the Security Trustee any intention to cease to carry on its business;
6.2.3. if DGIPL breaches any of the terms and conditions under the Security Trustee Agreements or Terms and DGIPL does not remedy such breach within 60 (Sixty) days of being called upon to do so by the Security
                                                Trustee;
6.2.4. upon any corporate action (excluding any third party corporate action), legal proceedings or other procedures or steps being taken in relation to the suspension of payments, winding up, dissolution,
                                                administration, provisional supervision or reorganization or restructuring (by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) of DGIPL;
6.2.5. upon DGIPL commencing a voluntary proceeding under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, winding up or other similar applicable law now or hereafter in effect, or consenting to the entry of an order for
                                                relief in an involuntary proceeding under any such applicable law, or consenting to the appointment or taking possession by a receiver, liquidator, assignee (or similar official) for the whole or a substantial
                                                part of its property or takes any action towards its re-organization, liquidation or dissolution;
6.2.6. upon an order being made for the winding up, bankruptcy or dissolution of DGIPL, or an application is admitted for initiating any corporate insolvency resolution process against DGIPL in accordance with
                                                Applicable Law;
6.2.7. upon any encumbrancer lawfully taking possession, or a liquidator, judicial custodian, receiver, administrative receiver or trustee or any analogous officer having been appointed in respect of the whole or
                                                a substantial part of the property of DGIPL, or an attachment, sequestration, distress or execution (or analogous process) being levied or enforced upon or issued against whole or a substantial part of the assets
                                                or property of DGIPL, or any action has been taken or suffered against DGIPL towards liquidation or dissolution or similar reorganization; or
6.2.8. upon a liquidator or provisional liquidator being appointed to DGIPL or a receiver, receiver and manager, trustee or similar official being appointed in respect of DGIPL or any of its assets, or an event
                                                analogous.
6.3. Upon the happening of any of the events referred to in Section 6.2, and where there is any insufficiency of DGIPL funds required to pay any costs and expenses to be incurred in relation to providing delivery of
                                            Your Customer Gold to You, then in such an event You do hereby authorise the Security Trustee to sell any part of the Customer Gold, that is necessary or required to defray such costs and expenses.
6.4. Pursuant to the Security Trustee Agreements, DGIPL has created acharge by way of hypothecation in favour of the Security Trustee for the benefit of the Customers over: (a) the monies lying in the Collection
                                            Account from time to time; and (b) gold purchased by DGIPL from time to time and lying with the Vault Keeper or in transit and, which is the property of DGIPL; (collectively “Security”). Upon the occurrence of any of
                                            the events detailed in Section 6.1 and 6.2, the Security Trustee under the Security Trustee Agreements is to: (i) declare all outstanding amounts as due and payable to the Security Trustee forthwith; and (ii) take
                                            charge and/or possession of, seize, recover, receive and remove the Security and use the same to discharge any liability of DGIPL to the Customers. You however expressly understand and acknowledge that any
                                            enforcement of the Security would always be subject to and undertaken in accordance with the provisions of Applicable Law and therefore:
(i) it is not possible to accurately predict the time required to make any such distribution; and/or
(ii) the amount received by You from such distribution may not be sufficient to completely extinguish DGIPL’s liability to You;
and consequently, no liability shall accrue to the Security Trustee in relation to the above.
CONSEQUENCES OF TERMINATION OF SERVICES BY DGIPL
7.1. Upon such termination for any reason whatsoever, subject to these Terms read with the Security Trustee Agreements:
7.1.1. Fractional amounts for gold holdings of less than 1 (One) gram may be sold and cash in pursuance thereto will be sent directly to Your bank account, after deducting all the requisite charges relating to
                                                appointment of Intermediaries (including but not limited to charges due and payable to Intermediaries and any other out of pocket expenses, custody charges, minting and delivery charges)
                                                (
“Charges”
).
7.1.2. For larger gold holdings, the Security Trustee shall (to the extent You have not already paid for all the Charges) be allowed to sell part of Your gold to pay for all the Charges to all the Intermediaries.
                                                The remaining portion of the gold shall be delivered to You in accordance with these Terms, along with the details of the deductions made and the quantum of gold that You are entitled to receive.
7.2. You acknowledge that the termination of Your access to the Platform and Services may be affected without any prior notice, and the Gold Account may be immediately deactivated or deleted and all related
                                            information and/or bar any further access to the Gold Account the Platform or the Services. Further, You agree that Freecharge and/or DGIPL shall not be liable for any discontinuation or termination of Services by
                                            any third party.
7.3. None of Your content shall remain accessible on the Platform upon termination. This information cannot be recovered by You, once the account is terminated.
7.4. The disclaimer of warranties, the limitation of liability, and the governing law provisions shall survive any termination of these Terms.
GOVERNING LAW AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION
These Terms shall be governed by and interpreted and construed in accordance with the laws of India. The courts of Mumbai shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any disputes arising under these Terms. In the event of
                                            any dispute arising out of these Terms the same shall be settled by a binding arbitration conducted by a sole arbitrator, appointed jointly by both parties and governed by the Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996.
                                            The venue of arbitration shall be Mumbai, Maharashtra, India.
PART – II
CREATION OF GOLD ACCOUNT AND REGISTRATION OBLIGATIONS
9.1. Before availing the Services, the Customer shall complete registration process as may be prescribed from time to time. The Customer shall follow the instructions given in the Platform for opening a Gold Account.
                                            Freecharge and/or DGIPL shall be entitled to collect and store relevant information and documents provided by the Customer to the Platform for KYC purposes. As and when required by DGIPL and/or Freecharge, the
                                            Customer will be required to provide additional documents for fulfilling the KYC requirements. You authorize DGIPL and Freecharge to make such enquiries as may be necessary to satisfy about the validity of Your
                                            identity. You shall be responsible for the correctness of information provided to DGIPL and Freecharge from time to time. If You have reasons to believe that there is an error in the information furnished by You, You
                                            shall immediately provide correct / updated information.
9.2. Freecharge and/or DGIPL through Freecharge, reserves the right to terminate any Gold Account, with or without notice to You, in the event the KYC documents / information are found to be incorrect, or
                                            authenticity of the documents / information is found to be doubtful. You hereby undertake to indemnify and keep indemnified Freecharge and/or DGIPL against any and all losses, claims, liabilities costs etc. which
                                            arise out of or relating to Your failure to identify Yourself and validate Your account promptly and / or due to incorrect KYC documents / information.
9.3. Know Your Customer (KYC) and Verification
9.3.1. Prior to placing an order, You may be required to provide certain KYC documentation and other information as may be required by Freecharge and/or DGIPL in such form and manner as it may deem fit.
9.3.2. Once such documentation and other information is provided by You to Freecharge, You shall be entitled to place an order on the Platform (
“Customer Order”
).
9.3.3. You agree that Your continued use of the Platform, consequent upon the creation of the Gold Account, is subject to verification by DGIPL and/ or Freecharge (on behalf of DGIPL), of the information and
                                                documentation provided by You. You hereby grant DGIPL and/ or Freecharge permission to conduct such verification, in such form and manner as it may deem fit.
9.3.4. You further acknowledge that DGIPL and/ or Freecharge reserves the right for such verification either on registration of the Gold Account or at any time thereafter.
9.4. Customer’s Obligations
9.4.1. You will be responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the Gold Account Information and shall be fully responsible for all activities that occur under the Gold Account. You agree to immediately
                                                notify Freecharge and/or DGIPL of any unauthorised use of the Gold Account Information or any other breach of security. DGIPL or Freecharge cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from Your
                                                failure to comply with this section. You may be held liable for losses incurred by DGIPL or Freecharge or any user or visitor of the Platform due to authorised or unauthorised use of the Gold Account, as a result
                                                of Your failure in keeping the Gold Account Information confidential.
9.4.2. You shall ensure that the Gold Account Information provided by You in the registration form is complete, accurate and up-to-date. Use of another Customer’s account information for availing of any of the
                                                Services and/or for use of the Platform is expressly prohibited.
9.4.3. You agree that if You provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, (or becomes untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete) or if Freecharge and DGIPL has reasonable
                                                grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current, incomplete, or not in accordance with these Terms, Freecharge and DGIPL through Freecharge shall have the right to indefinitely suspend
                                                or terminate or block access to the Gold Account on the Platform and refuse to provide You with access to the Platform.
PURCHASE OF GOLD
10.1. You can offer to buy Gold worth Rs.1.00 (Rupee One Only) and above incremental value thereof at the market linked prices of gold shown on the Platform. Market linked prices meansthat these quotes are linked to
                                            the prices of gold in the commercial bullion market in India.
10.2. It is hereby clarified that such market linked prices of gold shall constitute fully binding offers and would be an invitation to offer to purchase gold at the said market prices to all Customers.
                                            Notwithstanding the foregoing, You understand that these prices may vary multiple times within a day, and accordingly Your payment obligations for any order will depend on the market linked prices then prevailing.
                                            While reasonable efforts will be made to offer You a competitive price for the Customer Gold, there is no guarantee that the price offered to You will be close to or comparable with other prices available in the
                                            market.
10.3. Payment will be accepted through the payment options made available on the Platform, which may include redirection to a Payment Gateway hosted by other third party website or platform, including by DGIPL. At
                                            the time of purchase / fulfilment / sale-back / transfer of Gold, the relevant taxes will be chargeable as applicable as per the Government regulations. It is hereby clarified that once a Customer Order is placed,
                                            You are not entitled to cancel a Customer Order, provided however that a Customer Order shall stand cancelled if the payment fails for any reason whatsoever.
10.4. Freecharge and/or DGIPL reserves the right to cancel a Customer Order, at its sole discretion, if Your information, provided prior to placing the Customer Order, is not found acceptable and Freecharge and/or
                                            DGIPL are of the opinion that You are not eligible to purchase gold. The Gold Account shall accordingly stand amended. Freecharge as well as DGIPL shall have the right to freeze the Gold Account until it receives KYC
                                            and other documentation in a form and manner satisfactory to Freecharge and DGIPL.
10.5. Once the payments are received by DGIPL and the KYC information is found acceptable, DGIPL shall issue an invoice to You confirming the Customer Order placed within a period of 3 (Three) business days of
                                            placing such order, in a manner it may deem fit.
10.6. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in these Terms, Freecharge and/or DGIPL shall be entitled to accept or reject a Customer, for any reason whatsoever, at its sole discretion.
10.7. In case of rejection of a Customer Order in accordance with these Terms, where payments have been received by DGIPL, such payments shall be returned to You to the bank account linked to Your account, subject to
                                            the terms and conditions indicated on the Platform.
DELIVERY OF GOLD
11.1. This Platform offers Services for Customers who wish to procure delivery of the Customer Gold in accordance with these Terms.
11.2. You shall be entitled to procure delivery of the Customer Gold using the Platform (
“Delivery Request”
).
11.3. Upon placing the Delivery Request, You shall be required to pay for the applicable charges and confirm the Delivery Request. Your Gold Account shall be provisionally debited corresponding to the quantity of the
                                            Customer Gold sought to be delivered (
“Delivered Customer Gold”
).
11.4. Within a period of 7 (Seven) business days of the Delivery Request being confirmed or such further period as may be required by DGIPL, DGIPL shall arrange for delivery of the Delivered Customer Gold at the
                                            shipping address indicated by You. You shall be solely responsible for ensuring that the correct address is furnished by You on the Platform for processing such Delivery Request. You shall not be entitled to change
                                            the shipping address after the Delivery Request is processed byDGIPL.
11.5. You should carefully examine the package delivered and shall not accept deliveries where the packaging has been tampered with. If, however, You are of the view that the package delivered has been tampered with,
                                            You shall be required to intimate DGIPL immediately of the same, and provide such other information as may be required by DGIPL in this regard (
“Return Request”
). Within a period of 14 (Fourteen)
                                            business days of the original package of Delivered Customer Gold being delivered back to DGIPL, in a manner indicated by DGIPL, and the Return Request being approved by DGIPL, DGIPL shall arrange for re-delivery of
                                            the Delivered Customer Gold at the shipping address indicated by You. The costs for such shipping shall be borne by DGIPL. However, in the event of frivolous and unjustified Return Requests made by You, Freecharge
                                            and/or DGIPL reserve the right to take all action available to it, including black-listing or blocking You from using the Services on the Platform.
11.6. You, upon signing the delivery receipt, acknowledge the receipt of the Delivered Customer Gold in terms of the Delivery Request placed with DGIPL. DGIPL shall not be liable to You for any refund/replacement,
                                            under any circumstance, for any subsequent complaints with respect to such deliveries and/or any failure on Your part (as the case may be) to comply with these Terms.
11.7. Upon receipt ofthe Delivery Request by DGIPL, the Gold Account shall be debited for the Delivered Customer Gold from the Gold Account.
11.8. It shall be Your responsibility to ensure that You are available to receive the Delivered Customer Gold at the time of delivery. If You are not available at the time of delivery, DGIPL courier agent may try and
                                            deliver the item again before returning the same to DGIPL. In case of return of the Delivered Customer Gold to DGIPL, Gold Account shall be credited for the Delivered Customer Gold, after deducting the charges (if
                                            any) due from You, provided however that DGIPL is of the opinion that the packaging has not been tampered with. It is hereby clarified that should a request for re-delivery be made by You, You shall be solely liable
                                            to incur the applicable charges for delivering the Delivered Customer Gold.
11.9. In case of DGIPL’s inability to make deliveries of Delivered Customer Gold due to a Force Majeure Event, DGIPL shall intimate You of the same and may require that the deliveries be effectuated through specific
                                            modes. In such a case, You hereby agree to bear any additional costs and fees necessary for the delivery to be complete.
11.10. DGIPL will not be able to deliver a fractional quantity of gold below such threshold as DGIPL shall notify for this purpose even if a Customer Request is made for such fractional quantity (
“Threshold Quantity”
). You are advised to check the Platform periodically to determine the Threshold Quantity as the same may be revised from time to time. In the event that any Gold below the
                                            Threshold Quantity is to be delivered to You, then please note that such Customer Gold shall instead be sold by DGIPL based on the sale prices displayed on the Platform and You will instead receive the applicable
                                            sale proceeds in Your bank account, details of which are provided by You. If there is any mistake in the account number provided by You, Freecharge and/or DGIPL would not be held responsible for the same.
11.11. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in these Terms, DGIPL shall be entitled to reject a Customer Request which is not in compliance with the Terms hereof, and shall intimate the Customer of the
                                            reasons for the same.
11.12. Based on the changes made to the Gold Account (in lieu of the Customer Orders and/or Customer Requests), if You are of the opinion that the changes made thereto do not tally with the orders and/or Customer
                                            Requests placed by You, You may contact Freecharge at care@freecharge.com (or such other address as may be communicated by Freecharge in this regard), who shall accordingly take all necessary actions for taking care
                                            of any such identified discrepancies.
11.13. It is hereby clarified that the Customer Gold cannot be pledged or transferred by You to any other user, and the Gold Account is non-transferrable, unless specifically allowed by DGIPL. In the event of Your
                                            death, if specifically allowed by DGIPL, the title to such Customer Gold lying in the vault and the Gold Account shall transfer to Your legal heirs only after the required due diligence has been conducted. Subsequent
                                            to this, Your legal heir(s) shall be regarded as the Customer for the purpose of the Customer Gold and Gold Account thereafter and the Terms shall be applicable to Your legal heir(s).
11.14. It is hereby clarified that the Platform displays the articles that are available for shopping. Some items may appear slightly larger or smaller than actual size due to screen defaults and photography
                                            techniques. Freecharge and DGIPL shall not be liable for any legal action on this account. It shall be the endeavour of Freecharge to ensure that all details regarding the product are clearly displayed on the
                                            Platform.
11.15. Due to reasons not directly attributable to DGIPL or Freecharge, data may be inaccurately displayed on the Platform due to some system errors on the Platform or any device used to access the Platform.
                                            Freecharge reserves the right to correct any and all errors when they do occur, at its sole discretion, and Freecharge or DGIPL shall be entitled to not honour any requests/orders placed by You based on any
                                            inaccurate or erroneous prices.
11.16. The prices quoted on the Platform are fixed and not negotiable. The prices on the Platform are also subject to change without notice to You.
11.17. It is hereby clarified that the delivery of the gold is managed by DGIPL, so all the delivery related concerns need to be directly reported to DGIPL. DGIPL shall be entitled to provide resolution after due
                                            investigation of the case. Freecharge will not be liable for any delivery related issues.
SELL THE CUSTOMER GOLD
12.1. You may be provided an option to sell the Customer Gold during market hours based on the sale prices on the Platform. If the prices are found acceptable to You, You shall confirm the sale request, in a form and
                                            manner acceptable to DGIPL (
“Sale Request”
). Your Gold Account shall be debited corresponding to the quantity of the Customer Gold sought to be sold vide the Sale Request (
“Sold Customer Gold”
).
12.2. Within a period of 2 (Two) business days of the Sale Request being confirmed or such further period as may be required, the payment, pursuant to the Sale Request, shall be disbursed by DGIPL at the sale prices
                                            indicated at the time of placing such Sale Request. DGIPL shall arrange for such payments to be made to Your bank account, details of which are provided by You. If there is any mistake in the account number, ISC code
                                            etc. provided by You, DGIPL would not be held responsible for the same.
12.3. It is hereby clarified that DGIPL and/or Freecharge will provide this service on a best efforts basis and only when the commercial bullion market is in operation. DGIPL and Freecharge do not in any way
                                            guarantee that this option will be available to You at all times. Further, the buyer of the Sold Customer Gold may be either DGIPL or another party (being interested in buying the Sold Customer Gold). Freecharge
                                            and/or DGIPL shall not be held liable for any actions of such third-party purchaser.
12.4. You will be provided with free storage for Your Customer Gold for such period as more particularly stipulated by DGIPL in this regard from time to time at its sole discretion and notified to Customers on the
                                            Platform (
“Free Storage Period”
). After the expiry of the Free Storage Period, DGIPL shall be entitled to levy storage charges for such Customer Gold at such rate as would be specified on the
                                            Platform, and which may be revised from time to time. The charges would be levied by deducting the gold balance at the end of each month by a percentage amount at the specified rate. You are advised to periodically
                                            check the Platform to understand these storage charges. In the event, DGIPL is not able to deduct the storage charges because Your gold balance is too low, then DGIPL shall be entitled to sell such portion of Your
                                            Customer Gold stored with the Vault Keeper that is necessary or required to recover the unpaid storage charges in question.
12.5. While reasonable efforts will be made to offer You a competitive price for the Customer Gold, there is no guarantee that the price offered to You will be close to or comparable with other prices available in
                                            the market.
12.6. Change in Mobile Phone Number: In the event that You update the mobile phone number associated with Your Freecharge Account, Your Gold Account information will not be visible on the Platform. Accordingly, You
                                            can either:
12.6.1. update Your mobile phone number on the Platform and Sell the Customer Gold linked to Your existing mobile phone number by visiting the DGIPL website, i.e.,
https://www.safegold.com;
or
12.6.2. sell the Customer Gold linked to Your existing mobile phone number by placing a Sale Request through the Platform and update Your mobile phone number after the payment with respect to sale of Gold is
                                                disbursed to You.
. USE OF THE PLATFORM AND SERVICES
13.1. You acknowledge that the Services are for Your personal use and agree not to publish the gold prices or descriptions of gold and/or any other information displayed on the Platform (in lieu of Your access to the
                                            Platform) on any other medium. You shall not modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer, or sell any information, software, products, or
                                            services obtained from the Services.
13.2. Subject to these Terms and the Privacy Policy, You hereby grant to DGIPL and Freecharge a nonexclusive, worldwide, royalty-free right to (a) collect, store, and transmit Your data, in each case solely to the
                                            extent necessary to provide the Services to You, and (b) share Your data or interact with other people, to distribute and publicly perform and display Your data as You direct or enable through the Services. You will
                                            provide Your consent to Freecharge as may be required under applicable law for the use and/or sharing of any data generated by You when purchasing Gold or otherwise using the Platform for any services related to the
                                            purchasing of the Gold in such manner as Freecharge may stipulate in this regard. Freecharge may share Your data with DGIPL, who, in turn, may share Your data with the Security Trustee as required to fulfil their
                                            obligations as a Security Trustee. Your data will continue to be governed by confidentiality obligations outlined in Section 20. It is hereby clarified that DGIPL would be the owner of any data generated by You when
                                            purchasing the Gold on the Platform.
13.3. You represent and warrant that: (i) You have obtained all necessary rights, releases and permissions to provide all Your data to Freecharge and DGIPL and to grant the rights granted to Freecharge and DGIPL in
                                            these Terms and (ii) Your data and its transfer to and use by Freecharge and DGIPL as authorized by You under these Terms do not violate any laws or rights of any third party, including without limitation any
                                            intellectual property rights, rights of privacy, or rights of publicity, and any use, collection and disclosure authorized herein is not inconsistent with the terms of any applicable privacy policies. Other than its
                                            security obligations under these Terms and the Privacy Policy, Freecharge and/or DGIPL assume no responsibility or liability for Your data, and You shall be solely responsible for Your data and the consequences of
                                            using, disclosing, storing, or transmitting it.
13.4. Freecharge and/or DGIPL shall not be held liable for any loss of data, technical or otherwise, information, or for particulars supplied by You, due to the reasons beyond its control like corruption of data or
                                            delay or failure to perform as a result of a Force Majeure Event.
13.5. DGIPL shall have the sole discretion to determine the locations and pin codes it may want to serve.
13.6. The provision of Services may be interrupted, including for maintenance, repairs, upgrades, or network or equipment failures. Freecharge and DGIPL strives to keep the Services up and running; however, all
                                            online services suffer occasional disruptions and outages. Freecharge and DGIPL are not liable for any disruption or loss You may suffer as a result.
13.7. DGIPL may discontinue some or all of the Services, including certain features and the support for certain devices and platforms, at any time.
SUSPENSION / CLOSURE OF GOLD ACCOUNT
14.1. DGIPL may, at its discretion, suspend Gold Account of Customers, if there appearsto be a fraudulent or suspicious activity in the account. If Freecharge and/or DGIPL are of the opinion that You are involved in
                                            any unlawful activity or the Gold Account is used for any unlawful purpose, Freecharge and/or DGIPL shall have the right to take all actions available to it, including black-listing or blocking You from using the
                                            Services on its Platform or blocking Your access to the Services through the Platform or intimating the relevant authorities of such unlawful activities.
14.2. Your Gold Account may be closed in the event that the arrangement between DGIPL and Freecharge is terminated or otherwise Freecharge decides to discontinue the relationship with DGIPL. In such an event, the
                                            Your Gold balance may be accessible on www.safegold.com and DGIPL may continue to provide the Services and the customer support or facilitate the delivery / sale of Your Gold balance.
14.3. Each of Freecharge and DGIPL shall not be held liable / responsible, in any manner whatsoever, for any loss / liability arising out of or relating to any technical failure / issue in Platform and / or acts /
                                            omission not attributable to it.
14.4. You shall inform immediately, in any case no later than 10 (ten) days of the transaction, of any irregularities or discrepancies that may exist in Your Gold Account, failing which it shall be deemed that there
                                            is no error or discrepancy in the account. All records maintained by Freecharge and/or DGIPL, in electronic or documentary form of the instructions of the Customer and such other details (including, but not limited
                                            to payments made or received) pursuant to the Terms, shall as against the Customer, be deemed to be conclusive evidence of such instructions.
FEES
15.1. You hereby agree that You shall be liable for all fees and charges associated with the use of the Platform and Services. Further, details of the fees payable (including, but not limited to the terms pertaining
                                            to such fees and the quantum thereof), has been set out on the Platform. Please note that the fees and charges may be revised from time to time and it would be Your responsibility to view the Platform to check the
                                            then current fees and charges payable.
15.2. It is hereby clarified that fees and charges, once paid, are non-refundable.
15.3. All payments made for the use of the Platform and/or purchase of Customer Gold by You shall be compulsorily in Indian Rupees.
15.4. While availing any of the payment method/s available on the Platform for availing the Services, Freecharge and DGIPL shall not be responsible for or assume any liability, whatsoever in respect of any loss or
                                            damage arising directly or indirectly to You due to:
15.4.1. Lack of authorization for any transaction(s), or
15.4.2. Exceeding the preset limit mutually agreed by You and between bank/s and/or other institutions used by You in making payment, or
15.4.3. Any payment issues arising out of the transaction, or
15.4.4. Rejection of transaction for any other reason(s) whatsoever.
15.5. DGIPL may temporarily/permanently suspend/terminate the Gold Account or refuse access in case of non-payment of fees due by You. Without limitation to the other rights and remedies available to DGIPL, it also
                                            reserves the right to take legal action for the same.
MEMBER ELIGIBILITY
Use of the Platform and/or the Services is available only to Persons who can enter into legally binding contracts under the Indian Contract Act, 1872 and to Personsresident in India. Persons who are "incompetent to
                                            contract" within the meaning of the Indian Contract Act, 1872 including minors, un-discharged insolvents and persons of unsound mind are not eligible to use the Platform or the Services. Any person under the age of
                                            18 shall not register on the Platform and shall not transact on or use the Platform in relation to or for any Services. DGIPL reserves the right to terminate any Person’s membership and/or refuse to provide such
                                            Person with access to the Platform and/or any Services if it is brought to DGIPL’s notice or if it is discovered that such Person is not eligible to use the Platform and/or any Service.
ABSENCE OF RELATIONSHIP
17.1. You represent and warrant to Freecharge and DGIPL that You have sufficient experience and knowledge to make informed decisions to purchase / sell Gold. You acknowledge that You have not relied on any
                                            information made available either by Freecharge or DGIPL and that Freecharge or DGIPL is not making any recommendation with respect to such purchases / sale-back of Gold. No relationship other than seller-purchaser,
                                            including, without limitation, any agent-principal relationship, any advisor-advisee relationship, any employee-employer relationship, any franchiseefranchisor relationship, any joint venture relationship or any
                                            partnership relationship, exists between You and Freecharge and/or DGIPL.
17.2. You acknowledge that DGIPL and Freecharge are not providing / dealing in / offering any investment product and does not offer any guarantee / assured returns. You further acknowledge that value of Gold may vary
                                            depending on various factors and forces.
ELECTRONIC ORDER RISKS
Commercial internet service providers are not 100% reliable and a failure by one or more of these providers may affect internet-based order entry. You acknowledge that the order entry system is an electronic
                                            mechanical system and as such may be subject to failure beyond the control of Freecharge or DGIPL. Therefore, Freecharge or DGIPL shall not be responsible for errors, negligence, inability to execute orders, delays
                                            in transmission, delivery or execution of order due to breakdown or failure of transmission or communication facilities (including in any device used to connect to the Platform), or to any other cause beyond
                                            Distributing Partner’s or DGIPL’s control or anticipation.
FEEDBACK
19.1. The Platform may allow You to post Your review and experience of using the Platform ("Reviews") in order to improve the Platform and the user experience.
19.2. You, being the originator of the Reviews, are responsible for the Reviews that You upload, post, publish, transmit or otherwise makes available on the Platform. You represent that all such Reviews will be in
                                            accordance with applicable law. You acknowledge that Freecharge and/or DGIPL does not endorse any Reviews on the Platform and is not responsible or liable for any Reviews. Freecharge reserves the right to disable
                                            access to the Reviews on the Platform.
19.3. You hereby grant Freecharge a perpetual, non-revocable, worldwide, royalty-free and sub-licensable right and license to use, copy, distribute, display, publish, transmit, make available, reproduce, modify,
                                            adapt the Reviews in any manner as deemed appropriate by Freecharge in any form including but not limited to print, broadcast, online and across any and all websites and platforms owned by Freecharge.
19.4. You further represent and warrant that while posting any Reviews on the Platform You shall not use any offensive, libellous, derogatory, hateful or racially or ethnically objectionable language. Further, You
                                            shall not post any content on any part of the Platform that is obscene, pornographic, constitutes an “indecent representation of women” as provided in the Indecent Representation of Women (Prohibition) Act, 1986.
CONFIDENTIALITY
As elaborated under the Privacy Policy, Freecharge and DGIPL will keep all confidential information confidential, including Your personal information, and shall not disclose it to anyone except as required by law,
                                            and shall ensure that such confidential information is protected with security measures and a degree of care that it would apply to its own confidential information. Freecharge and DGIPL acknowledges that its
                                            employees, directors, agents and contractors shall use the confidential information only for the intended purpose for which it is provided. Freecharge and DGIPL shall use all reasonable endeavours to ensure that its
                                            employees, directors, agents and contractors acknowledge and comply with the provisions of these Terms of confidentiality as if such person was subject to these Terms of confidentiality.
CONTENT AND INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
21.1. DGIPL solely and exclusively owns respective copyrights, trademarks, service marks, logos, trade names, and other intellectual and proprietary rights associated with the Services provided by DGIPL and displayed
                                            on/accessed on the Platform and is protected under Indian law.
21.2. You hereby acknowledge that the Services constitute original works and have been developed, compiled, prepared, revised, selected, and arranged by DGIPL respectively through the application of methods and
                                            standards of judgment developed and applied through the expenditure of substantial time, effort, and money and constitutes valuable intellectual property of DGIPL and such others. You thereby agree to protect the
                                            proprietary rights of DGIPL during and after the term of these Terms. You may not selectively download portions of the Platform without retaining the copyright notices. You may download material from the Platform
                                            only for the purpose intended by these Terms.
21.3. Any infringement shall lead to appropriate legal proceedings against You at appropriate forum for seeking all available remedies under applicable laws of the country
LINKS TO/FROM THIRD-PARTIES' WEBSITES/APPLICATIONS
The Platform may contain links and interactive functionality interacting with the websites of third parties. Freecharge or DGIPL is not responsible for and has no liability for the functionality, actions, inactions,
                                            privacy settings, privacy policies, terms, or content of any such website. Before enabling any sharing functions to communicate with any such website or otherwise visiting any such website, DGIPL strongly recommends
                                            that You review and understand the terms and conditions, privacy policies, settings, and information-sharing functions of each such third-party website.
INDEMNIFICATION
You hereby agree to indemnify and keep Freecharge and DGIPL indemnified from and against all actions, claims, demands, proceedings, losses, damages, costs, charges and expenses, directly or indirectly, whatsoever
                                            (
“Losses”
) which Freecharge and/or DGIPL and/or its employees, agents, workers or representative may at any time incur, sustain, suffer or be put to as a consequence of or by reason of or arising out
                                            of: (i) the usage of the Platform and/or any device used by the Customer to access the Platform; (ii) by reason of Freecharge and/or DGIPL acting in good faith and taking or refusing to take or omitting to take
                                            action on the Customer's instructions, and in particular arising directly or indirectly out of the negligence, mistake or misconduct of the Customer; (iii) breach or non-compliance of the Terms and relating to the
                                            Gold Account; and/or (iv) fraud or dishonesty relating to any transaction by the Customer.
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES
24.1. ALL INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS AND SERVICES INCLUDED ON OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE TO YOU THROUGH THE PLATFORM (COLLECTIVELY, THE
"CONTENTS"
) ARE PROVIDED BY DGIPL AND FREECHARGE ON AN
                                            "AS IS," "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS, WITHOUT REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND. DGIPL AND/OR FREECHARGE MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE OPERATION OF THE PLATFORM,
                                            THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE CONTENTS AND THE ACCURACY OF THE INFORMATION. DGIPL AND/OR FREECHARGE SHALL HAVE NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM THE
                                            DOWNLOAD OF ANY CONTENT, MATERIALS, DOCUMENT OR INFORMATION OR ANY OTHER LOSSES INCURRED BY YOU FOR USE OF THE PLATFORM. YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT THE USE OF THE PLATFORM IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. DGIPL AND/OR FREECHARGE
                                            WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING FROM THE USE OF THE PLATFORM OR THE SERVICES OR THE CONTENTS INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE, AND CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES,
                                            UNLESS OTHERWISE SPECIFIED IN WRITING. TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, DGIPL AND/OR FREECHARGE DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO THE PLATFORM (OR ANY PART THEREOF) AND ITS
                                            CONTENTS, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
You hereby acknowledge that DGIPL and/or Freecharge (including but not limited to its, directors, employees, agents or partners) shall not be held liable to You for any special, consequential, incidental, and
                                            exemplary or punitive damages, or loss of profit or revenues. DGIPL and/or Freecharge shall also not be liable under any circumstances for damages arising out or related in any way to Your inability to access, or
                                            Your difficulty in accessing the Platform to avail of any Services, any bugs, viruses, trojan horses, or the like, which may be transmitted to or through the Platform by any third party, any loss of Your data, any
                                            claim relating to Your data or content from the Services and/or Your failure to keep the Gold Account Information secure and confidential. You further agree that DGIPL shall not be held responsible in any manner
                                            whatsoever for any and all acts or omissions of Freecharge, any Intermediaries or any other third party whosoever including (but not limited to) any person whose device has been used by You to access the Platform
                                            and/or any person appointed/nominated by Freecharge for the purposes of accepting/collecting any payments from You for the purchase of Gold. Likewise, Freecharge shall not be held responsible in any manner whatsoever
                                            for any and all acts of any third party, DGIPL or other Intermediaries.
GRIEVANCE REDRESSAL MECHANISM
26.1. In accordance with the Information Technology Act, 2000 and Rules made thereunder:
26.1.1. the contact details of Grievance Officer for the purposes of Freecharge are:
Name: Mr. Mandeep Sokhanda
E-mail ID: care@freecharge.com
26.1.2. the contact details of Grievance Officer for the purposes of DGIPL are:
Name: Rukhsar Khan
E-mail ID: care@safegold.in
Address: 1902B Peninsula Business Park, G.K. Marg, Lower Parel, Mumbai 400013
AMENDMENTS, ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS
27.1. DGIPL reserve the right, to change, modify, add or remove portions of these Terms at any time. Such changes shall be posted on the Platform and shall be notified to the Customer prior to making such changes.
                                            Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, Customer shall be responsible for regularly reviewing the Terms, including amendments thereto as may be posted on the Platform and shall be deemed to have accepted the
                                            amended Terms by continuing the use of Platform.
27.2. Accessing, browsing or otherwise using the Platform indicates Your agreement to all the terms and conditions under these Terms. You are advised to read these Terms carefully before proceeding. By impliedly or
                                            expressly accepting these Terms, You also accept and agree to be bound by all policies, including but not limited to the privacy policy of Freecharge and DGIPL (
“Privacy Policy”
), as amended from
                                            time to time. You can view and read the Privacy Policy of Freecharge at the Platform and the Privacy Policy of DGIPL at www.safegold.com.
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea
                                        commodo consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id
                                        est laborum.
27.3. You may not use the Platform or avail of the Services if You do not accept the Terms or are unable to be bound by the Terms. As a condition of Your access to and use of the Platform or the provision of any
                                            Services to You using the Platform, You agree that You will comply with all applicable laws and regulations when using the Platform. If DGIPL is of the opinion that the Gold Account is being used by You for any
                                            unlawful purpose, DGIPL shall have the right to take all actions available to it, including black-listing or blocking You from using the Services through the Platform or intimating the relevant authorities of such
                                            unlawful activities.
Terms and Conditions for Term life insurance
I understand that the term insurance is offered by Max Life Insurance Company Limited
                                and not by Freecharge.
Nothing contained herein shall constitute and /or deem to constitute an offer and/or an
                                invitation to an offer or a legally binding obligation on Freecharge nor shall it confer
                                any rights, remedies, obligations or liabilities to me or provide any
                                remedy, claim, liability, reimbursement, cause of action against Freecharge.
I authorize Freecharge to share the above-mentioned information provided by me with Max
                                Life Insurance Company Limited (“Max Life Insurance”). Further, I authorize Max Life
                                Insurance and its representatives to call me and/or send me messages with reference to
                                the term insurance services offered by Max Life Insurance. This consent will override
                                any registration for DNC / NDNC.
Terms and Conditions for Two Wheeler Loans
I understand that submission of the above mentioned information will not amount to an
                                application or pre-qualification or eligibility for sanction of loan.
                                Nothing contained herein shall constitute and /or deem to constitute an offer and/or an
                                invitation to an offer or a legally binding obligation on Freecharge nor shall it confer
                                any rights,
                                remedies, obligations or liabilities to me or provide any remedy, claim, liability,
                                reimbursement, cause of action against Freecharge.
I authorize Freecharge to share the above-mentioned information provided by me with Axis
                                Bank Limited ("Axis Bank").
                                Further, I authorize Axis Bank and its representatives to call me and/or send me
                                messages with reference to the loan against Two Wheeler Loans offered by Axis Bank.
                                This consent will override any registration for DNC / NDNC.
Terms and Conditions for Freecharge Pay Later
Last Updated on 21st July, 2023
I understand that under the facility offered, I shall be able to avail Pay Later
                                product, this decision is at the
                                discretion of Axis bank. Pay Later is the product available to certain customers to make
                                deferred payments or
                                payments in Equated monthly instalments (“EMI”) on the purchase of products /services
                                available on selected partners.
                                If a customer chooses to pay using Pay Later under Personal loans category, the customer
                                will transact with Axis Bank.
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAY LATER PRODUCT
1). I understand this is a facility product offered by Axis Bank for financing purchase
                                of products/services on the
                                platforms, under which I would make deferred payments on any product/services purchased
                                on the platforms at a later
                                date along with interest and any other charges as applicable, in the manner and within
                                the time
                                frame prescribed by Axis Bank.
2). Prior to providing the Facility, Axis Bank may (in its discretion) conduct credit
                                approval checks for the borrower.
3). With Pay Later product, you can shop without paying at the time of purchase from
                                platforms and pay the bill at
                                once on the due date mentioned in key fact sheet
4). Provision of the Facility is at the discretion of Axis Bank, and Axis Bank reserves
                                the right
                                to reject (exercisable in its discretion) the Facility to a customer, with or without
                                any notice or reason and
                                without any liability. Issuance, approval, extension, pre-closure or closure of the
                                Facility and such matters are
                                solely determined by Axis bank.
5). I declare that all the particulars and information and details given / filled, and
                                information provided
                                by me to Axis Bank are true, correct, and accurate and I have not withheld / suppressed
                                any material and
                                relevant information from Axis Bank
6). I agree that Axis Bank may receive and update credit reports from any/all credit
                                bureaus or any other
                                agency/ regulatory authority as required and as permitted under applicable law.
7). I understand that the facility will be reported to Bureau as a single facility under
                                Personal loans category irrespective of multiple disbursals or creation of facility
                                accounts.
                                Overall sanction amount will be reported in bureau.
8). I hereby understand the below terms of the facility: Axis Bank, at the
                                request of the Borrower, agrees to lend to the Borrower, and the Borrower agrees to
                                borrow
                                from Axis Bank, a facility amount (hereinafter referred to as the “Facility Amount")
                                for a period described in the key fact sheet (“Term”), on the basis of, and subject to
                                the
                                conditions, terms, and covenants herein set forth.
9). “Overall sanction amount” shall mean what the borrower got approved for and Axis
                                Bank
                                can offer to the borrower in the defined period. Borrower can utilise this amount at Pay
                                Later utilisation at partners/Axis platforms. At partner end, Borrower will be able to
                                utilise
                                the amount at platforms linked with partner. Available amount will keep reducing based
                                on utilisation.
10). Pay Later Facility account will be created with the “sanctioned amount” equal to
                                the monthly
                                pay-out for the borrower as decided by Axis Bank. Monthly pay-out or monthly capped
                                limit is the
                                capped amount customer may avail at partner or merchant locations wherever applicable
                                for the month
                                till the repayment date. This may change month on month as per bank’s decision and Pay
                                Later
                                facility sanctioned amount will vary based on utilisation and monthly pay-out or monthly
                                capped limit
11). I understand that the monthly pay-out or monthly capped amount in Pay Later
                                facility will be
                                reset for next cycle and the amount may increase or decrease based on Axis Bank Policy
12). I agree and understand that products /services availed using such facilities under
                                Pay Later
                                are provided by the platforms and Axis bank shall not be responsible with regards to any
                                deficiency
                                in product/services
13). I understand that Axis Bank will have the right to review customer profile at
                                regular intervals
                                and revise monthly pay-out for Pay Later / overall sanction amount/ any sanctioned
                                amount for any facility
                                or revoke such amounts extended to me at any time at their sole discretion
14). I understand that I shall be responsible to contact the Platform for any deficiency
                                in service on the
                                part of the Platform or any defective product or deficient service delivered to the
                                Borrower
15). I understand that Axis Bank will not discriminate the customers on grounds of sex,
                                caste and religion
                                in the matter of any credit appraisal, solicitation and sanctioning of facilities. I
                                also declare that
                                I will inform Axis Bank in case I belong to any Minority section or religion.
TERMS OF DISBURSEMENT
The Borrower has agreed that the Facility Amount shall be disbursed in the following
                                manner:
1). “Facility Account” shall mean the account of the Borrower for the purpose of
                                repayment of the Loan Facility.
2). “Disbursement Date” shall mean the date on which the Facility is disbursed to
                                Platform,
                                on satisfaction of all the representations, warranties, and covenants of the Borrower by
                                Axis Bank.
                                There may be multiple tranche disbursals in the facility account which shall mean that
                                borrower has
                                availed the loan facility at multiple times
3). “Loan Facility” The amount of loan availed by the Borrower and disbursed by Axis
                                Bank on the
                                request of the Borrower or in accordance with the drawdown schedule agreed between the
                                Borrower and Axis bank
4). “Outstanding Amount” shall mean the amount which is to be paid to Axis Bank less any
                                part of / instalment(s)
                                towards the Facility Amount already paid to Axis bank
5). “Platform” means the entity facilitating payment for online purchase and sale of
                                services / goods and/or
                                is processing the payments for such online transactions.
6). “Repayment Date” means the date stipulated for the borrower to repay the principal
                                facility amount
                                along with applicable interest to Axis Bank
7). “Due Amount” shall mean the repayment amount to be paid by the Borrower to keep the
                                Loan Facility in good standing
8). I understand that the facilities Pay Later would be available only with respect to
                                select products or
                                services sold on the platforms
9). I understand that Freecharge wallet would be the default payment mode for any
                                platform, unless
                                Freecharge Pay Later is selected by me as the preferred payment mode.
10). I understand that the preferred payment option between Freecharge wallet and
                                Freecharge
                                Pay Later can be selected by navigating to the Pay Later Dashboard as provided in the
                                App & Website.
11). I understand that the preferred payment mode or the default payment mode will be
                                applicable
                                for both transactions within Freecharge App and all/any other merchant transactions
12). Refunds from merchants for payments done through Freecharge Pay Later if processed.
i) Before due date – will be adjusted in the Pay Later bill amount
ii) After due date – will be credited in the user’s Freecharge wallet as cashback
CANCELLATION
1). In the event the Borrower proposes to cancel the Loan Facility or any drawdown
                                thereto,
                                the Borrower must intimate the Platform and thereafter Axis bank shall cancel the Loan
                                Facility
                                once the Platform notifies Axis bank of such cancellation.
2). I understand that the Bank shall have unconditional right to cancel the undrawn/
                                unavailed/ unused portion
                                of the Facility at any time during the subsistence of the Facility, without any prior
                                notice to the Borrower,
                                for any reason whatsoever. In the event of any such cancellation, all the provisions of
                                this sanction shall
                                continue to be effective and valid and the Borrower shall repay the Facility in
                                accordance with the
                                terms of this sanction.
INTEREST
1). The Borrower shall pay interest (“Interest”) on the utilised Amount at the rate
                                mentioned in the application
                                process. “Annual percentage rate” is a method to compute annualised credit cost, which
                                includes interest rate and
                                loan origination charges.
2). In case the repayment of the Facility Amount is not completed in accordance with the
                                terms agreed between
                                the Borrower and Axis bank, Axis Bank will be entitled to receive Additional Interest
                                (defined below) for each
                                such day of default.
3). For the purpose of this Agreement, “Month” shall mean and refer to each of the
                                twelve (12) named periods
                                into which a calendar year is divided, each such period comprising thirty (30) days and
                                “Year” shall mean
                                and refer to the continuous period of 360 days.
REPAYMENT
1). The Borrower acknowledges and agrees that the Borrower shall make payment of the Due
                                Amount on 5th of
                                upcoming month as agreed with Axis bank. The due date of the product is subject to
                                change and may be updated
                                at the sole discretion of Axis bank
2). Bill will be generated on 5th of every month and customer will have to repay the
                                amount on the
                                same date failing which the account will be marked as overdues and borrower agrees that
                                penal interest
                                will be applicable from the date of non-payment of dues. Bill generation date is subject
                                to change and
                                may be updated at the sole discretion of Axis bank
3). Borrower can repay the due amount for facility products using a Debit card, Net
                                Banking, UPI,
                                Auto debit setup or any other permissible payment method as may be notified by Axis
                                bank. Utilisation
                                of credit card for payment of dues or paying bills is not allowed.
4). I agree and acknowledge that cash payment in part of full shall not be accepted as a
                                payment
                                method for repayment of outstanding amounts due under facility products.
5). Borrower undertakes to make payment of outstanding amounts due to Axis bank within
                                agreed timelines. Borrower understands and agrees that if he/she fails to pay the
                                outstanding
                                amounts due under relevant facility products to Axis bank on or before the due date,
                                Axis bank
                                shall have the right to suspect or block any future purchases on the platforms and levy
                                a late payment
                                penalty and bounce charges on him/her as mentioned in key fact sheet.
Terms of Use for Freecharge Checkout Services
Last Updated on 22nd April, 2021
These Terms of Use apply to You if You use Freecharge’s Checkout Services as
                                    described hereinafter.
By using payment processing and checkout services (“
Checkout
                                        Services
”) provided by Freecharge Payment Technologies Private Limited
                                    (“Freecharge,” “We,” “Our,” or “Us”), You agree to be bound by the Terms of Use for
                                    Freecharge (“
Terms of Use
”), these additional terms and conditions
                                    for use of Freecharge Checkout Services (“
Checkout Terms
”) and all
                                    other terms, policies, and guidelines applicable to the Checkout Services (as
                                    defined in the Terms of Use) used. Defined terms will have the same meaning as those
                                    found in these Terms of Use, unless otherwise re-defined herein.
Our Relationship with You:
Through Our Checkout Services, We facilitate You in making payments to
                                    merchants/sellers registered with
                                    Freecharge (“
Merchants
”), with respect to goods and services You
                                    purchase from
                                    such Merchants, or to Freecharge’s registered billers (“
Billers
”)
                                    with respect
                                    to any dues or prepaid services, using Your debit card, credit card, internet
                                    banking, UPI (If
                                    You register for UPI services, You agree and accept to be bound by the
Terms of Use of
                                        Freecharge UPI
) and any other acceptable modes of payment mechanism provided
                                    by Us. You
                                    understand that these transactions conducted are between the Merchants/Billers and
                                    You and that
                                    Freecharge only acts as an intermediary for these transactions. As an intermediary,
                                    We
                                    facilitate the collection of payments from You and onward settlement of such
                                    payments to the
                                    respective Merchant/Biller. We are not involved in the clearing or payment of the
                                    transaction.
                                    In order to serve in this role, We have entered into agreements with various nodal
                                    banks,
                                    payment system providers, as defined under the Payment and Settlement Systems Act,
                                    2007, card
                                    associations, payment service providers and other payment and technology service
                                    providers
                                    (collectively “
Payment Processors
”), to enable use of internet
                                    payment gateways
                                    developed by/for them in order for them to effect payments between You and the
                                    Merchants/Billers
                                    and provide clearing, payment and settlement services with respect to Your
                                    transaction. It is to
                                    be clarified that the payment instructions are authenticated, authorized, and
                                    processed by the
                                    card associations and Your issuing bank through the payment system provider’s
                                    payment gateway
                                    and We do not have any role in the same. You understand and acknowledge that Our
                                    role is limited
                                    to facilitating Your payment instructions and providing other values added
                                    services.
As a
                                    part of the Checkout Service offering, We also facilitate distribution and marketing
                                    of prepaid
                                    payment instruments by the name of Freecharge wallet and Freecharge gift instrument
                                    (“
Freecharge Balance
”). Freecharge Balance is issued by Axis Bank
                                    Limited
                                    (“
Partner Bank
”) and marketed and distributed by Freecharge on the
                                    Platform.
                                    Freecharge Balance may only be used to make payments for goods and services
                                    purchased from
                                    Merchants/Billers or for such other purposes as may be permitted by Freecharge or
                                    the Partner
                                    Bank from time to time. If You register for and/or are issued Freecharge Balance,
                                    You agree and
                                    accept to be bound by the
Terms and Conditions
                                        for Freecharge Balance account
issued by Axis
                                    Bank Limited.
Rights You Grant to Us:
By submitting Your information or data
                                    (including any financial information or data), passwords, usernames, other log-in
                                    information, materials, and other content (“
User Information
”) to
                                    Us,
                                    You are granting Us the right to use such User Information for the purpose of
                                    providing
                                    the Checkout Services. We may use and store such User Information in accordance with
                                    these Checkout Terms, the Terms of Use and Our Privacy Policy, without any
                                    obligation to
                                    pay You any fee or charges and without being subject to any restrictions or
                                    limitations.
                                    By using the Checkout Services, You expressly authorize Freecharge to access Your
                                    User
                                    Information and submit it to Payment Processors and such other third Parties as may
                                    be
                                    required for processing Your payment request.
Your Obligations Towards Payment System Providers and Card
                                        Associations:
As You will be using the services of Payment Processors
                                    including
                                    payment system providers and card associations to process Your payment instructions,
                                    You
                                    consent and agree to comply with the rules, guidelines, directions, instructions,
                                    requests, etc. (“
Guidelines
”) made by the Payment Processors from
                                    time
                                    to time. Notwithstanding Our assistance in understanding such Guidelines, You
                                    expressly
                                    acknowledge and agree that You are assuming the risk of compliance with all
                                    applicable
                                    Guidelines. You further acknowledge that the Payment Processors and Your issuing
                                    Bank
                                    may also place limitations and restrictions with respect to Your accounts (card,
                                    banking, or others), at their sole discretion. You are responsible for keeping
                                    Yourself
                                    up-to-date with all such Guidelines and ensure compliance. In addition, You
                                    understand
                                    and acknowledge that Payment Processors have the right to reject payments made by
                                    You
                                    for any reason whatsoever. If You fail to comply with Your obligations towards the
                                    Payment Processors, We may suspend or terminate Your Freecharge Account.
Rejection of Authentication and Authorization:
You understand that the Payment Processors and/or the
                                            issuer (for the card or bank account or other payment instrument as the case
                                            may be)
                                            may reject authentication and/or authorization of transaction initiated by
                                            You for
                                            any reason including but not limited to insufficient funds, incorrect
                                            authentication
                                            details provided, expired card/bank account, risk management, suspicion of
                                            fraudulent, illegal or doubtful transactions, sale/purchase of banned items,
                                            use of
                                            compromised cards or bank account numbers, use of banned/blacklisted cards
                                            or bank
                                            account numbers, use of suspicious API or in accordance with the Guidelines
                                            or
                                            rules, guidelines, regulations, etc. issued by the Reserve Bank of India
                                            (“
RBI
”) and/or any other laws, rules, regulations,
                                            guidelines in
                                            force in India.
You further acknowledge that as a security measure We and/or the Payment
                                            Processors may at Our respective sole discretion, permanently or
                                            temporarily,
                                            block any card number, account numbers, group of cards or transactions from
                                            any
                                            specific blocked or blacklisted cards /, accounts, specific, group of IP
                                            addresses, devices, geographic locations and / or take any such risk
                                            mitigation
                                            measures as We may believe necessary for security of Our Users and
                                            business.
As a risk management tool, We and/or the Payment Processors reserve the
                                            right to limit or restrict transaction size, amount and/or monthly volume at
                                            any time. We consider a variety of factors in making such a decision and
                                            such determination will be at Our sole discretion.
Transaction Confirmation and Account History
When Your payment instructions are successfully
                                            processed with respect to a transaction, We will update Your Freecharge
                                            Account
                                            activity and provide You with a transaction confirmation. This confirmation
                                            will
                                            serve as receipt of the transaction. You understand and acknowledge that We
                                            will
                                            only release the transaction confirmation upon receiving confirmation (Your
                                            bank
                                            account or debit or credit card or Freecharge Balance being debited or
                                            charged) from
                                            the Payment Processors ("
Transaction Confirmation
"). We
                                            will not be
                                            responsible for any transactions that have not been confirmed to Us by the
                                            Payment
                                            System Providers.
The summary of Your transaction history is available on Your Freecharge
                                            Account dashboard. Except as required by law, You are solely responsible
                                            for:
i. compiling and retaining permanent records of all transactions and
                                                other data; and
ii. reconciling all transaction information that is associated with Your
                                                Freecharge Account. If You believe that there is an error or
                                                unauthorized Transaction activity that is associated with Your
                                                Freecharge Account, You agree to contact Us at
care@freecharge.in
immediately
                                                not later than 5 (five) days.
Risk Monitoring; Unusual or Suspicious Transactions:
In an effort
                                    to
                                    manage Our risk, We may monitor Your transactions and processing activity for
                                    high-risk
                                    practices or for fraudulent transactions. We may also engage third-party service
                                    providers
                                    to assist in these efforts and other elements of the service. If We believe there is
                                    suspicious or unusual activity, We may temporarily or permanently suspend Your
                                    access to the
                                    Platform and/or Services including the Checkout Service. Suspicious or unusual
                                    activity
                                    includes but is not limited to changes in Your average transaction amount or
                                    processing
                                    pattern or use of different payment accounts.
Security Procedures:
Unauthorized access to Your financial information: To help
                                            prevent unauthorized access to Your personal financial information, You
                                            agree to:
i.
                                                maintain the security of Your account by not sharing Your password with
                                                others and
                                                restricting access to Your account on Your computer or mobile or other
                                                device;
ii. ensure that You logout from Your Freecharge Account each and every
                                                time You use
                                                it;
iii. ensure that You have a lock such as a pattern lock, password
                                                protection,
                                                etc. on Your device and not leave Your computer or mobile or other
                                                device unattended or
                                                unlocked; and
iv. take responsibility for all activities that occur under Your
                                                Freecharge Account and accept all risks of unauthorized access. If You
                                                believe Your
                                                password or devices has been lost or stolen, or if You suspect any
                                                fraudulent activity,
                                                please report this to Us immediately at
care@freecharge.com
.
You are solely responsible for any unauthorized access to Your personal or
                                            financial
                                            information that result from Your failure to properly follow the security
                                            procedure
                                            detailed in these Checkout Terms. Freecharge will not be liable for any
                                            loss, damage or
                                            other liability arising from Your failure to comply with these Checkout
                                            Terms herein or
                                            from any unauthorized access to or use of Your Freecharge Account. We will
                                            also have no
                                            liability and You agree to assume all risk of loss that arises out of or
                                            relates to any
                                            loss or theft of Your device or any information contained within any device.
Risks: The use of a device such as mobiles, tablets and laptops involves
                                            risk as
                                            also does the usage of internet. For example, sensitive personal information
                                            or
                                            financial data that is transmitted from or to a device or internet may be
                                            intercepted
                                            and used by third parties without Your knowledge. Viruses, spyware and other
                                            “malicious
                                            code” can also be downloaded to Your devices without Your knowledge. By
                                            using a device
                                            and internet to access the sites, You assume all of those risks and agree
                                            that We will
                                            have no liability whatsoever to You for any loss or theft (including
                                            identity theft)
                                            occurring as a result of such risks.
PCI DSS and ISO 27001:2013 Certification: We provide Payment Card Industry
                                            (PCI)
                                            Data Security Standard (DSS) and ISO 27001:2013 certified services. We have
                                            implemented
                                            technical and organizational measures designed to secure Your personal
                                            information from
                                            accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, or
                                            disclosure. However,
                                            We cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to
                                            defeat those
                                            measures or use Your personal information for improper purposes. You
                                            acknowledge that
                                            You provide Your personal information at Your own risk.
Encryption: Data transferred via the sites is encrypted in an effort to
                                            provide
                                            transmission security. Notwithstanding Our efforts to ensure that the sites
                                            are secure,
                                            You acknowledge that mobile transmissions and the Internet are inherently
                                            insecure and
                                            that all data transfers, occur openly and potentially can be monitored and
                                            read by
                                            others. We cannot and do not warrant that all data transfers utilizing Our
                                            sites will
                                            not be monitored or read by others.
Additional Security Procedures: We may from time to time use reasonable
                                            additional
                                            or alternative procedures to ensure the security and confidentiality of Your
                                            payment
                                            transactions through Our sites. At all times You agree to comply with all
                                            security
                                            procedures We may impose in connection with Your use of the Platform. You
                                            agree that all
                                            security procedures We use are commercially reasonable, and to the extent
                                            allowed by
                                            law, You assume all risk of loss for unauthorized transactions where We have
                                            followed
                                            Our then-current security procedures
Duty of Reasonable Care: We will exercise good faith
                                            and reasonable care in processing Your transactions in accordance with these
                                            Checkout Terms. You will similarly exercise good faith and reasonable care
                                            in:
i.using the Platform;
ii. observing and maintaining security procedures;
iii. communicating with Us; and
iv. in reviewing Your transaction records for any errors or discrepancies
Dropped calls, lost signals: If the internet connection to Your device is
                                            interrupted
                                            or disconnected at any time before signing off, You must confirm that Your
                                            payment
                                            requests have been received by Us. We are not responsible for disconnections
                                            or
                                            interruptions in service or for failing to complete any payment request that
                                            We have not
                                            received as a result of any disconnection or interruption of the internet
                                            connection on
                                            Your device.
Compatibility: The protocol that We use may be different from that used by
                                            Your device or internet carrier. We make no representations or warranties
                                            that Your device or any carrier will be compatible with Our system
                                            requirements or otherwise allow You to make payment requests using the
                                            Platform.
Disclaimer Regarding Sellers/Merchant, Their Products and Related Third
                                        Parties
All obligations with respect to the delivery of goods and services
                                            and/or acknowledgement of payment will be solely that of the Merchant/Biller
                                            and not of
                                            Freecharge. Notwithstanding the dispute resolution assistance provided by
                                            Freecharge, all
                                            disputes regarding quality, merchantability, non-delivery, and delay in
                                            delivery or otherwise
                                            will be directly between You and the Merchant/Biller without making Us
                                            and/or the Payment System
                                            Providers, a party to such disputes.
We make no representations or guarantees regarding Merchants/Billers
                                            utilizing Our
                                            services. Use of Our services in no way represents any endorsement by Us of
                                            a
                                            Merchants/Billers existence, legitimacy/legality, ability, policies,
                                            practices, beliefs as
                                            well as the Merchants/Billers goods and services or reliability. The
                                            Merchant alone will be
                                            responsible to You and We will not have any responsibility or liability
                                            towards You in this
                                            respect.
The relationship between Us and the Merchants/Billers is on
                                            principal-to-principal
                                            basis. We have no connection or interest of whatsoever nature in the
                                            business of the
                                            Merchants/Billers or the goods/services offered / marketed by the
                                            Merchant/Biller. We do not
                                            in any manner take part in their business, directly or indirectly and are
                                            nowhere concerned
                                            or connected to the revenue of the Merchants/Billers. We will only provide
                                            payment
                                            aggregator services to the Merchant/Buyer in Our capacity as an
                                            intermediary. For the use of
                                            Our services, the seller/Merchant pays Us Fees as posted on Our website and
                                            We nowhere
                                            connected or concerned about the revenues of the Seller/Merchant or the
                                            Payment System
                                            Providers.
Further it is not Our responsibility to monitor in any manner the use of the
                                            payment mechanisms by You for purchasing goods and services from the
                                            Merchant or aiming Your bill payment to the Billers. You are using the
                                            payment mechanisms at Your sole option and risks.
Terms and Conditions for Health Monitor
The Financial Strength (FIST) Score analysis is based on certain assumptions around user
                                input data and does not take into account individual needs/circumstances. It's for
                                reference only and is not a substitute for professional advice. Freecharge shall not be
                                liable for any errors or omissions in or any reliance placed upon the analysis or for
                                consequences of any action taken as a result of the analysis.
Terms and Conditions for Experian check
This End User Agreement (the “
Agreement
”) is made between you (the
                                “
User
” or “
You
”) and
                                FREECHARGE PAYMENT TECHNOLOGIES PVT LTD, a private limited company having its registered
                                office at 11
th
Floor, Tower C, DLF Cyber Greens, DLF Cyber City, DLF Phase 3,
                                Gurugram, Haryana 122022 (“
CLIENT
”, “
Us
” or
                                “
We
”,
                                which term shall include its successors and permitted assigns). The User and FREECHARGE
                                PAYMENT TECHNOLOGIES PVT LTD shall be collectively referred to as the
                                “
Parties
” and individually
                                as a “
Party
”.
You hereby consent to Freecharge being appointed as your authorized representative to
                                receive your Credit Information from Experian for the purpose of
                                evaluating credit history and display pre-approved credit offers (“End Use Purpose”), on
                                month on month basis for a period, not more than six (6) months
BY EXECUTING THIS AGREEMENT / CONSENT FORM, YOU ARE EXPRESSLY AGREEING TO ACCESS
                                    THE EXPERIAN CREDIT INFORMATION REPORT
                                    AND CREDIT SCORE, AGGREGATE SCORES, INFERENCES, REFERENCES AND DETAILS (AS DEFINED
                                    BELOW)(TOGETHER REFERRED AS
                                    “CREDIT INFORMATION”).YOU HEREBY ALSO CONSENT TO SUCH CREDIT INFORMATION BEING
                                    PROVIDED BY EXPERIAN TO YOU AND
                                    FREECHARGE PAYMENT TECHNOLOGIES PVT LTD BY USING EXPERIAN TOOLS, ALGORITHMS AND
                                    DEVICES AND YOU HEREBY AGREE,
                                    ACKNOWLEDGE AND ACCEPT THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH HEREIN.
Terms and Conditions:
Information Collection, Use, Confidentiality, No-Disclosure and Data
                                    Purging
FREECHARGE PAYMENT TECHNOLOGIES PVT LTD shall access your Credit Information as your
                                authorized representative and
                                FREECHARGE PAYMENT TECHNOLOGIES PVT LTD shall use the Credit Information for limited End
                                Use Purpose consisting of
                                and in relation to the services proposed to be availed by you from FREECHARGE PAYMENT
                                TECHNOLOGIES PVT LTD.
                                We shall not aggregate, retain, store, copy, reproduce, republish, upload, post,
                                transmit, sell or rent the
                                Credit Information to any other person and the same cannot be copied or reproduced other
                                than as agreed herein
                                and in furtherance to CICRA.
The Parties agree to protect and keep confidential the Credit Information both online and
                                offline.
The Credit Information shared by you or received on by us on your behalf shall be
                                destroyed, purged, erased
                                promptly of upon the completion of the transaction/ End Use Purpose for which the Credit
                                Information report
                                was procured for up to a maximum of 6 months.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
The relationship between you and FREECHARGE PAYMENT TECHNOLOGIES PVT LTD shall be
                                governed by laws of India
                                and all claims or disputes arising there from shall be subject to the exclusive
                                jurisdiction of the courts of Mumbai.
Definitions:
Capitalized terms used herein but not defined above shall have the following meanings:
“
Business Day
” means a day (other than a public holiday) on which banks
                                are open for general business in Mumbai.
“
Credit Information Report
” means the credit information / scores/
                                aggregates / variables / inferences or reports which shall be generated by Experian;
“
Credit Score
” means the score which shall be mentioned on the Credit
                                Information Report which shall be computed by Experian.
“
CICRA
” shall mean the Credit Information Companies (Regulation) Act,
                                2005 read with the Credit Information Companies Rules, 2006 and the Credit Information
                                Companies Regulations, 2006, and shall include any other rules and regulations
                                prescribed thereunder.
PLEASE READ THE ABOVE MENTIONED TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND CLICK ON “ACCEPT” FOLLOWED BY
                                THE LINK BELOW TO COMPLETE THE
                                AUTHORISATION PROCESS/ FOR SHARING OF YOUR CREDIT INFORMATION BY EXPERIAN WITH
                                FREECHARGE PAYMENT TECHNOLOGIES PVT LTD
                                IN ITS CAPACITY AS YOUR AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVE.
BY CLICKING “ACCEPT” YOU AGREE AND ACCEPT THE DISCLAIMERS AND TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET
                                OUT HEREIN.
** This document is an electronic record in terms of the Information Technology Act, 2000
                                and Rules made thereunder, and the amended provisions pertaining to electronic records.
Terms and Conditions for Axis Bank Freecharge
                            Plus Credit Card
I hereby expressly consent to and authorize the Bank (whether acting by itself or
                                through any of its service providers, and whether in automated manner or otherwise), to
                                collect, store and process my application details, personal data and sensitive
                                information about me, information, papers and data relating to know your customer (KYC),
                                credit information, and any other information about me/pertaining to me or not as may be
                                deemed relevant by the Bank (collectively, “Information”).
I have read and hereby fully accept the
Card Member
                                    Agreement
,
Credit Card
                                    Authorization Statement
and
Most Important
                                    Terms and conditions
of Axis Bank ("Bank"). I expressly consent Bank to share
                                and disclose the Information to Freecharge Payments Technologies Pvt Ltd, service
                                providers, consultants, credit information companies, information utilities, other banks
                                and financial institutions, affiliates, group companies, subsidiaries, regulators,
                                investigating agencies, judicial, quasi-judicial and statutory authorities, or to other
                                persons/institutions/entities as may be necessary in connection with the contractual or
                                legal requirements or in the legitimate interests of the Bank or as per the consent,
                                undertake to process information including by way of storing, structuring, organizing,
                                reproducing, copying, using, profiling, etc. as may be deemed fit by the Bank and for
                                the purposes of credit appraisal, fraud detection, anti-money laundering obligations,
                                for entering into contract, for direct marketing, for cross selling, for developing
                                credit scoring models and business strategies, for monitoring, for evaluating and
                                improving the quality of services and products, or for any purposes as the Bank may deem
                                fit. I expressly agree to the Bank, its service providers, agents and/or its affiliates
                                and Freecharge Payments Technologies Pvt Ltd, for using the Information and for
                                marketing, promotion and cross-selling to me their various products and services of the
                                Bank from time to time via telephone, SMS and/or email.
I expressly consent to and authorise Axis Bank to provide an overlimit transaction
                                facility on my card as per Axis Bank internal policies and other terms and conditions.
I hereby give my consent to Axis Bank to increase my credit limit once within 6 months
                                of card issuance.
I am interested in the Card Protection Plan (CPP) & hereby provide consent to Axis Bank
                                and/or CPP Assistance Service Pvt. Ltd. and/or their representatives to contact me for
                                the same.
I have read the above terms and conditions and accept the same and I am not a senior
                                officer or relative of a director/senior officer of Axis Bank and I am not a
                                director(trustee) or relative of a director(trustee) of any other bank/subsidiary of any
                                bank (mutual funds/venture capital funds set up by banks).
Terms and Conditions for Subscription
Freecharge Pay Advantage is a membership plan designed to offer savings on convenience fees for transactions related to rent and education fees paid via credit card. Detailed information and the option to subscribe are available on designated Freecharge platform sections.
Scope of Service:
The subscription is applicable to all transactions under the 'Rent via Credit Card' and 'Education Fee via Credit Card' categories, including their respective subcategories, within the risk management parameters set by Freecharge.
Duration and Benefits:
The subscription shall be valid for a three-month period from the date of purchase. Members are entitled to unlimited discounts on the convenience fee, subject to a cumulative cap of 20% off the fee (excluding GST). The membership includes Silver, Gold, and Platinum tiers, with escalating discounts starting at 5% for Silver members. Advancement to Gold (7% discount) and Platinum (10% discount) tiers is based on the number of transactions conducted within the subscription period. Members shall qualify for the Gold tier upon making 10 transactions during the 3 month period, and for the Platinum tier upon making 15 transactions during the 3 month period.
Terms of Membership:
Freecharge shall initially make this service available to a select user base, with plans for broader access in the future.
Discounts are automatically applied based on membership tier; no promotional codes are necessary.
The service is currently restricted to transactions made with Visa and MasterCard credit cards.
Membership extension shall mean that users retain their current tier, but membership renewal shall mean that the tier is reset to Silver.
Memberships are fixed; they cannot be canceled, paused, or transferred.
Subscription renewals/extensions are not automated; users must manually renew or extend their subscription through the app.