ReadMe! Privacy Policy

We might use technologies like cookies (small files stored by your browser), web beacons, or unique device identifiers to anonymously identify your computer or device so we can deliver a better experience. Our systems might also log information like your browser, operating system and IP address.

We do not collect personally identifiable information about you (such as e-mails etc.) without your given consent.

We do not knowingly contact or collect personal information from children under 13. If you believe we have inadvertently collected such information, please contact us so we can promptly obtain parental consent or remove the information.

Our service does not currently recognise the "Do Not Track" signal that may be available in some web browsers.

To customise our service for you, we and our partners may collect, use, and share precise location data, including the real-time geographic location of your computer or device. This location data is collected anonymously in a form that does not personally identify you and is used only to provide and improve our service. 

Since all information we store is anonymous, you cannot request to see any data that is associated with your person.
If you have questions regarding the information associated with your subscription on iOS, you will have to contact Apple as we have no control over this information.

We may keep data indefinitely.

We generally do not share personally identifiable information (such as name, address, email or phone) with other companies.

In order to serve you, we may share your personal and anonymous information with other companies, including vendors and contractors. Their use of information is limited to these purposes, and subject to agreements that require them to keep the information confidential. Our vendors provide assurance that they take reasonable steps to safeguard the data they hold on our behalf, although data security cannot be guaranteed.
If you have supplied us with a way to contact you (e-mail etc.) we will send you information regarding ReadMe! that you need in order to use our service and we can also send you other information that we believe is of interest to you.

Analytics companies may access anonymous data (such as your IP address) to help us understand how our services are used. They use this data solely on our behalf. They do not share it except in aggregate form; no data is shared as to any individual user.

We take reasonable steps to secure your personally identifiable information (if we have been provided with such information) against unauthorised access or disclosure. We encrypt transmission of data on pages where you provide payment information. However, no security or encryption method can be guaranteed to protect information from hackers or human error.

Information we collect may be stored or processed on computers located in any country where we do business.

To operate the service, we also may make identifiable and anonymous information available to third parties in these limited circumstances: (1) with your expressed consent, (2) when we have a good faith belief it is required by law, (3) when we have a good faith belief it is necessary to protect our rights or property, or (4) to any successor or purchaser in a merger, acquisition, liquidation, dissolution or sale of assets. Your consent will not be required for disclosure in these cases, but we will attempt to notify you, to the extent permitted by law to do so.

You may ask us to delete or remove your Personal Data by clicking on "delete account" on the ReadMe! Website after having logged in. The following describes how to do so.
In accordance to GDPR, any user has the right to completely delete their ReadMe! account. Erasure of your account and all associated information can be done though "My Library" on the ReadMe! website (https://www.readmei.com) by logging in using your ReadMe! account credentials, going to My Library and clicking on the gears icon. Please note that if an account has been deleted, it can never be restored! This means that all books, bookmarks etc. associated with the user will be completely lost forever and a new account cannot be created using the same username. It is the user's responsibility to make backups of any data before deleting their account and ReadMe! cannot be held responsible for any data-loss. Any remaining subscription premium status associated with a deleted account will be voided without any refunds. Deleting an account does not automatically cancel any subscription as this has to be done separately on the device. Please refer to the FAQ here on how to cancel a subscription: https://readmei.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/360003813892

If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policy, please contact us: support@readmei.com

ReadMe! uses third party services in some cases (such as Spritz). In order to use these third party services you need to accept their privacy policy as well. The privacy policy for Spritz can be found through spritzinc.com.

This privacy policy was last updated on 2021-10-13. Our privacy policy may change from time to time. If we make any material changes to our policies, we will place a prominent notice on our website or application.