Privacy Policy
(Last modified: September 6, 2018)
Protecting your privacy is important to us. This Privacy Policy sets out how our apps use
                            and protect any information that you give when you use this website or our apps.
If you visit our website or use our apps, you agree to the collection and use of information
                            in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing
                            and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as
                            described in this Privacy Policy.
What We Collect
When you visit our Website or using our apps you may provide us with three types of
                            information:
Personal information you knowingly choose to disclose that is collected on an
                                individual basis
If you decide to sign up for our
                                    newsletter on our website, you will need to provide us with your email address.
When using our app you personally
                                    may decide to contact us with your feedback or provide us with a bug report and you
                                    also provide us your email address this way.
If you choose to correspond with
                                    us through email, we may retain the content of your email messages together with
                                    your email address and our responses.
In the above situation, we
                                    guarantee that your personal information will only be used for contacting you and
                                    improving our services. We will never use such information (e.g. your name and email
                                    address) to disclose your personal information to a third party for commercial
                                    gains.
We may periodically send
                                    promotional email about new products, special offers or other information which we
                                    think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
Website use information collected as you browse our website.
Our Website utilizes Web server
                                    logs to collect information about how our Web site is used. Information gathered
                                    through cookies and Web server logs may include the date and time of visits, the
                                    pages viewed, time spent at our Web site.
How we use cookies
When you visit a Web site, that
                                    site’s computer asks your computer for permission to store a small file in a part of
                                    your hard drive. That is called a cookie.
Once you agree, the file is added
                                    and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a
                                    particular site. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes
                                    and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.  We
                                    may use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us
                                    analyze data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to
                                    customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes. A
                                    cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you,
                                    other than the data you choose to share with us.   You can choose to accept or
                                    decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually
                                    modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you
                                    from taking full advantage of the website.
App use information collected in the course of using our application and service
You can use our apps without
                                    revealing any personal information about yourself. We do not require the customers
                                    to get registered before downloading the application
But we may use data tracking tools
                                    from third-party companies to analyze information about the usage of our apps or to
                                    facilitate our service. This information allows us to determine our plans for
                                    further development of our apps, enables us to provide users with a better
                                    experience. However, individual users will remain anonymous, unless you voluntarily
                                    tell us who you are.
The data are being processed with
                                    the involvement of:
Crashlytics: crash reporting
                                    software which helps us identifying software bugs and fixing them
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this
                            page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to
contact us
.