Home
SHEIN PRIVACY POLICY
SHEIN PRIVACY POLICY
Learn more about Interest-based Advertising and your Ad Choices
here
.
With effect from September 25, 2023 (the “Effective Data”), the Privacy Policy for the SHEIN Site and App have been amended (see
here
for further information). Infinite Styles Services Co., Limited will be operating the SHEIN Site and App where you have an account, and enabling third-party sellers to list their products on the Site and App for sale. For orders submitted after the Effective Date, we may share your personal information with third-party sellers in order to complete transactions, who will be responsible for processing your information in accordance with applicable laws and limitations imposed by our agreement with them.
Effective Date: September 25, 2023
Introduction and Overview
This Privacy Policy (
"Policy"
) explains how Infinite Styles Services Co., Limited, which does business as “SHEIN”, collects, uses, shares, and processes your Personal Data when you use or access this website (collectively, the
"Site"
) , our mobile application (the
“App”
),or use any of our services, including any written, electronic, and oral, communication , online and offline, purchases performed, and any other related services we own (collectively the “Services”) . The Policy also describes your rights regarding your personal data and explains how you can contact us to learn more about our data practices or to exercise your rights.
The Site and the App are provided by Infinite Styles Services Co., Limited, which is the controller of your personal data and responsible for processing and protecting your personal data. In this Policy, the terms “SHEIN,” “Company”, “we”, “us” or “our” refer to Infinite Styles Services Co., Limited.
Please read our
Terms and Conditions
and this Policy before accessing or using our Services. If you cannot agree with this Policy or the Terms and Conditions, please do not access or use our Services.
Right to modify this Policy:
We may change this Policy from time to time, to reflect how we are processing your data, and if we make changes, we will notify you by revising the effective date or last modified date at the top of this Policy. If we make significant changes that materially affect your privacy rights, we will provide advanced notice and make that clear on the Site or other App, or by some other means of contact such as email, so that you are able to review the changes before you continue to use the Services. If you do not agree with the modified Policy, please discontinue the use of the Services or do not consent to the updates.
Instant information:
In addition, we may provide you with real time disclosures or additional information about the personal information handling practices of specific parts of our Services. Such notices may supplement this Policy or provide you with additional choices about how we process your personal information.
CONTENTS
Click on the links below to go to a specific section of this Policy.
1. How We Collect and Use Your Personal Data >
2. Sharing Your Personal Data >
3. Cookies, Interest-Based Advertising, Ad Choices >
4. Security Precautions >
5. Your Rights >
6. Retention >
7. Third-Party Websites >
8. Children >
9. Transfer of Your Personal Data >
10. Contact Us >
1. How We Collect and Use Your Personal Data
1.1 We respect the privacy of the visitors to our digital properties and the users of our products and services, and we are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this Policy. We collect personal information when you use our Services.
Pursuant to the EU General Data Protection Regulation (
"GDPR"
), personal information in this Policy is referred to as
"personal data"
as defined in the GDPR, and in this Policy can be interchangeably used with the term
"personal information."
For residents of the European Union, “personal data” is any information that alone or in combination with other information, identifies or makes an individual identifiable.
Personal Information does not include data that has been effectively irreversibly anonymized or aggregated so that it can no longer enable us or others, whether in combination with other information or otherwise, to identify you.
Your personal data is collected and used by us to support a range of different activities or business purposes. The purposes and types of information we collect are listed in the chart below and should be understood to include uses of your personal data that are compatible with the purposes listed.
Purpose
The Personal Data We Collect
Legal Basis for Processing
To create an account with us and to manage your account, to provide you with our Services;
Contact information, including email address and password, to register with our Site or App.
Necessary for the performance of a contract or to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract
Profile data, including your style preference, if you voluntarily choose to provide it for personalization purposes.
Consent
To fulfill or process orders;
Identity and contact information such as name, phone number, and shipping address, as well as financial information or payment account information, for delivery, returns, refund, sales tax determinations, and payment operations;
Transaction details, such as return and refund details, gift card number, and order history, in our Services, in order to fulfill basic functions, including processing your payment and return requests, and keeping you informed of the order status and shipping logistics.
Necessary for the performance of a contract or to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract
Location data at an IP address-based level, to tailor your experience in terms of displaying the appropriate local website, language, or user experience.
Our legitimate interest to better understand you, to maintain and improve the accuracy of the information we store about you, and to better promote or optimize our Services
To provide customer service and support, or to provide you with service-related communications;
Photographs you upload to our Services in accordance with our Terms and Conditions, to provide product advice and to allow you to voluntarily show other potential customers what items may look like when purchased or worn.
Consent
Your communication history with us via various channels, such as email, phone, social media, mail, instant chat, and our customer service platform, to respond to your requests, as well as to keep you updated about your account and the Services.
Our legitimate interest is to better understand you, to maintain and improve the accuracy of the information we store about you, and to better promote or optimize our Services
To undertake marketing, advertising, or other promotional activities;
Contact information, such as phone number and email address, for telemarketing and email marketing purposes;
Non-directly identifiable device identifiers, operating system information, and cookie information, to direct and measure the effectiveness of the advertising we offer;
Data about how you engage with our Services, such as browsing, adding to your shopping cart, saving items, placing an order, and returns) for market research, statistical analysis, and the display of personalized advertising based on your activity on our site and inferred interests;
Contact and identity information, such as name, email address, and phone number, when you voluntarily enter into a competition, market survey, event, or other marketing campaigns organized by us;
To share your personal data with third-party service providers to advertise our Services and/or products on our Site and/or App.
Consent
Postal address to send advertising brochures, via traditional mail to the address of individual customers who previously purchased products on the Site or App.
No Advertising materials will be sent to individuals who are on national lists of Objections or Mailing Preference Services which will be reviewed and updated based on the applicable national legal requirements.
Our legitimate interest is to better promote or optimize our Services
To improve our product or service, or for personalization;
Collect your device information, and usage data on our Site or App for fault analysis, troubleshooting, and system maintenance, as well as setting default options for you, such as language and currency;
When you optionally provide such information, we may collect general personal data that cannot identify you, such as body shape, personal height, chest/waist/hip circumference, and weight. For example, this information may be used by us to recommend clothing sizes or styles, personalization, or to provide fit prediction services for you;
To share your personal data within and across our corporate organization for our business needs and personalization;
Collection of your “like” records and votes when prompted as to your preference between two items, to provide preference setting options;
The display of information you choose to post on public areas of the Services, for example, a customer review.
Collect your approximate or precise location data (based on your IP address, permitted location permissions on your device or provided addresses), in order to direct you to your most appropriate SHEIN site, pickup store and provide you with other location or delivery-related personalization and recommendation features. You may update your Location Services settings directly in your device's settings.
Our legitimate interest is to better understand you, to maintain and improve the accuracy of the information we store about you, and to better promote or optimize our Services
To prevent and investigate fraud and other illegal activities;
Information automatically collected through the Services, such as browser type, device information, operating system, and account setting information for fraud prevention and detection and credit risk reduction;
Log-in data for risk control and fraud reporting;
Billing address to verify payment information.
Our legitimate interest is to prevent and investigate fraud and other illegal activities
To comply with legal or compliance requirements;
Identity information, such as ID- or passport-related information, for customs clearance purposes;
Transaction history and certain identity information to handle and resolve legal disputes, for regulatory investigations purpose, and to comply with lawful requests from a competent law enforcement agency or court.
Compliance with legal obligations or your vital interests
Other Purposes.
We may use your information for any other purpose disclosed to you prior to you providing us your personal information or which is reasonably necessary to provide the Services or other related products and/or services requested, with your permission or upon your direction.
Consent
Please note:
When communicating with us by email or through forms on our Services, or when you publicly share content through our Services, we ask that you
please do not send us any sensitive information pertaining to yourself or to others.
We do not collect or store sensitive information or special categories of information.
1.2 TEXT MESSAGING PROGRAM
(a). If you sign up for our telephone messaging (SMS) program ("Program"), you will be asked to expressly consent - by providing your mobile phone number, specified keyword(s), or an affirmative response by SMS/MMS or other text message, as a signature to receive recurring automated telephone marketing messages from us. This consent is not a condition of use of the Site or App and may be withdrawn at any time by using the opt-out mechanism specified in paragraph 1.2(b) below or by contacting us in any other way.
(b). You may choose to stop receiving SMS/MMS text messages by replying STOP to any message received under the Program, or by simply sending STOP to the number from which you are currently receiving messages. In both cases, you will receive an additional message confirming that your request has been processed.
(c). Message and data rates may apply to all messages sent to and from you. If you have any questions about your telephone package, it is best to contact your mobile operator.
(d). You declare that you are the account holder or usual user of the mobile phone number provided when registering for the Program. If you change or deactivate this number, you are obliged to inform us immediately.
(e). We may suspend or terminate your participation in the Program if you fail to comply with this Section 1.2. Receipt of these messages may also be interrupted if your mobile phone service is terminated or expires. We reserve the right to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, all or part of the Program, with or without notice. Neither we nor any mobile operator shall be liable for any delayed or undelivered messages nor the end of the Program.
1.3 If you use our Services to communicate with a third party seller through our Site or App, all messages via the Services are first received by us and then forwarded to the recipient. All messages are automatically filtered according to certain criteria. If necessary, suspicious messages are checked manually by us. In the event your message(s) sent via the Services is reported by the recipient, we will manually check and review the reported message(s) and the related message(s). For your security, do not include any personal information in your messages, including email addresses, physical addresses, phone numbers, or credit card numbers.
2. Sharing Your Personal Data
We may disclose and share your personal information with the parties as described below.
A.
Within Our Corporate Organization
. The Company is a part of a corporate organization that has several legal entities, business processes, management structures, and technical systems. We may share your personal information with our related group companies and, in some cases, other affiliates of our corporate group, based on our legitimate interests for business maintenance and personalization continuity purposes, for instance, so that you may enjoy a personalized user experience across our digital properties, to provide you with the Services, or to take actions based on your requests or preferences.
B.
Third Party Sellers.
When you communicate with a third party seller through our Site or App, or where a third-party seller sells its’ products on our Site and App and the third-party seller will ship the products to you directly, we may share your personal data (user ID, name, email address and other contact and shipping information) with them so that they may respond to you or fulfill your order and provide your personal data to their service providers in order to ship the products to you. Independently from us, the third party seller is the controller of such personal data and responsible for any processing that they perform after we have shared this personal data with them, including compliance with any limitations imposed by our agreement with them.
C.
Service Providers
. We may share your personal information with the following types of third-party service providers as set out in the table below:
Supplier/Service Provider/Processor
Services Offered
IT system and software service provider
Website hosting services (including cloud storage), mobile app or software optimization services, customer relationship management software, email service providers, or system maintenance services.
Payment service provider
Third-party payment processing services.
Marketing and advertising services
Assistance in reaching potential new customers across multiple communications channels, or sharing with affiliated companies that promote our products on their websites.
Order fulfillment service provider
Provision of logistics, warehousing and distribution services, return and exchange services, and order status notification services for your purchased items.
Customer service provider
Assistance with customer services and support.
Fraud prevention and information security service provider
Identity verification, fraud prevention, or credit risk reduction services to protect our website/app and our business.
Other Service providers selected by you
Other third parties, such as size recommendations and fit prediction services providers, if you have chosen to help us provide you with product recommendations.
We strive to ensure that our third-party service providers can only use your data for the contractual purposes for which it was provided to them and to the extent necessary for such purposes, in accordance with our written instructions (where they act as our data processors).
D.
To Maintain Legal and Regulatory Compliance
. We have the right to disclose your personal information for compliance with a legal obligation, or when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, request from a regulator, or any other legal process served on us. We also may disclose your information where we reasonably believe that the disclosure is necessary to enforce our agreements or policies, or if we believe that disclosure will help us protect the rights, property, or safety of the Company or our customers.
E.
Co-Branded Services and Features
. Portions of our Services may be offered as part of co-branded services and features. We will share your personal information with our co-branded partners based on your voluntary use of or participation in a co-branded service or feature. The co-branded partners will be identified on the co-branded feature or service, along with an applicable co-branded partner's privacy policy. Use of your personal information by a co-branded partner will be subject to a co-branded partner’s privacy policy. If you wish to opt-out of a co-branded partner’s future use of your personal information, you will need to contact the co-branded partner directly.
F.
Consent
. We may disclose your personal information for any purpose with your consent.
G.
Corporate Transactions
. We may disclose personal information—including account information, Wallet balance or points information—to a buyer, prospective buyer, corporate affiliate, or other successor based on our legitimate interests in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding in which personal information held by us about our Services users is among the assets transferred. You acknowledge and agree to our assignment or transfer of rights to your personal information.
Please note that we may disclose, without restriction, aggregated or anonymized information about the users of our Services, which is information that does not identify any specific individual.
3. Cookies, Interest-Based Advertising, Ad Choices
We may use cookies, tags, web pixels, and similar technologies to automatically collect information on our Services. Cookies or tags are bits of code that allow our technology partners to collect information that usually does not directly identify you. If required by law, we will request your consent before using cookies or other tracking technologies. Information within this section describes our use of cookies and your ability to control the use of cookies for advertising-related purposes. As described below, we will not use cookies or similar tracking technologies that process your personal data, unless they are Strictly Necessary Cookies, or you opt-in, i.e. consent, by using the cookie banner or consent manager found on our Site and App. You may withdraw your consent or update your preferences at any time by clicking the “Manage Cookies” link within the Site footer or the App.
A.
Cookies
. Cookies are small web files that a site or its provider transfers to your device’s hard drive through your web browser that enables the site’s or provider’s system to recognize your browser and remember certain information.
Generally, we use first-party and third-party cookies for the following purposes: to make our Services function properly; to provide a secure browsing experience during your use of our Services; to collect passive information about your use of our Services; to measure how you interact with our marketing campaigns; to help us improve our Services; and to remember your preferences for your convenience.
We use the following types of cookies on our Services:
Strictly Necessary Cookies.
These cookies are essential because they enable you to use our Services. For example, strictly necessary cookies allow you to access secure areas on our Services. Without these cookies, some services cannot be provided. These cookies do not gather information about you for marketing purposes. This category of cookies is essential for our Services to work and they cannot be disabled.
Functional Cookies.
We use functional cookies to remember your choices so we can tailor our Services to provide you with enhanced features and personalized content. For example, these cookies can be used to remember your name or preferences on our Services. We do not use functional cookies to target you with online marketing. While these cookies can be disabled, this may result in less functionality during your use of our Services.
Performance or Analytic Cookies.
These cookies collect passive information about how you use our Services, including webpages you visit and links you click. We use the information collected by such cookies to improve and optimize our Services. We do not use these cookies to target you with online marketing. You can disable these cookies as set forth below.
Advertising or Targeting Cookies.
These cookies are used to make advertising messages more relevant to you. They perform functions like preventing the same ad from continuously reappearing, ensuring that ads are properly displayed for advertisers, and in some cases selecting advertisements that are based on your interests. Our third-party advertising partners may use these cookies to build a profile of your interests and deliver relevant advertising on other sites. You may disable the use of these cookies as set forth below..
B.
Your Choices
. Your browser may provide you with the option to refuse some or all browser cookies. You may also be able to remove cookies from your browser. You can exercise your preferences in relation to cookies served on our Services by taking the steps outlined below.
First-Party Cookies.
You can use the browser with which you are viewing this Site to enable, disable or delete cookies. To do this, follow the instructions provided by your browser (usually located within the “Help”, “Tools” or “Edit” settings). Please note, if you set your browser to disable cookies, you may not be able to access secure areas of the Site. Also, if you disable cookies other parts of the Services may not work properly. You can find more information about how to change your browser cookie settings at
https://www.allaboutcookies.org
.
Third-Party Cookies.
If you wish to opt-in or opt-out of third-party advertising networks and similar entities that use advertising cookies, please click the “Manage Cookies” link in our website footer or visit
https://www.aboutads.info/choices
. For more information about third-party advertising networks and similar entities that use these technologies, please see
https://www.aboutads.info/consumers
. You may withdraw your consent or update your preferences at any time by clicking the “Manage Cookies” link within the Site footer or within the App menu. Residents of the European Union may opt-out of online behavioral advertising served by the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance’s participating member organizations by visiting
https://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
.
Mobile Applications.
To opt-out of data collection for interest-based advertising across mobile applications by participating companies, download the Digital Advertising Alliance’s AppChoices mobile application opt-out offering here:
https://youradchoices.com/appchoices
.
We do not control third parties’ collection or use of your information to serve interest-based advertising. However, these third parties may provide you with ways to choose not to have your information collected or used in this way. In addition, most web browsers provide help pages relating to setting cookie preferences. More information may be found for the following browsers here:
Google Chrome
,
Internet Explorer
,
Mozilla Firefox
,
Safari (Desktop)
,
Safari (Mobile)
,
Android Browser
,
Opera Mobile
.
SHEIN adheres to the Digital Advertising Alliance's Self-Regulatory Principles.
C.
Web Pixels
. To see how successful our marketing campaigns or other goals of the Services are performing we sometimes use conversion pixels, which fire a short line of code to tell us when you have clicked on a particular button or reached a particular page (e.g. a thank you page once you have completed the procedure for subscribing to one of our services or have completed one of our forms). We also use web pixels to analyze usage patterns on our Services. The use of a pixel allows us to record that a particular device, browser, or application has visited a particular webpage.
D.
Analytics
. We may use third-party service providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Services. Presently, we use
Google Analytics
. Google Analytics is a web analytics service that tracks and reports Site traffic. For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
. Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on provides visitors with the ability to prevent their data from being collected and used by Google Analytics, available at:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
.
If Google Analytics is structured to collect personal data, the cookie banner on our Site will provide you the opportunity to consent to Google Analytics and the data controller will be Google Ireland Ltd., Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland. We have implemented Google Analytics with the “AnonymizeIP” function, which makes sure that your IP address will be shortened before it is sent to servers in the U.S. Exceptionally, the shortening may take place after such transfer to the U.S. Google uses this data to evaluate your use of our Services, to compile reports on activities on our online services and to provide us with other services related to Site, App and internet use.
E.
Behavioral Remarketing
. We also use remarketing services to advertise on third-party websites to you after you visited our Services. For this purpose, visitors are grouped by certain actions on our Services, e.g., by the duration of a visit. This enables us to understand your preferences and to show you personalized advertising even if you are currently surfing on another website that also participates in the Google advertising network.
We use the following tools and services for these purposes:
Google Ads
remarketing service is provided by Google. You can opt-out of this by visiting the Google Ads Settings page:
https://www.google.com/settings/ads
.
If Google Ads is structured to collect personal data, the data controller will be Google Ireland Ltd., Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Bing Ads
is a service operated by Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited, One Microsoft Place, South County Business Park, Leopardstown, Dublin 18, Ireland. Please read Microsoft’s privacy statement for more information on how Microsoft processes your information
https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-US/
. When you access our Site via advertisements on Bing Ads, a cookie is set on your computer. In addition, a Universal Event Tracking tag is integrated on our Site. This is a code that, in combination with the cookie, stores data about the use of the Site, e.g. length of time spent on the Site, areas accessed, and ads used to reach the Site. In addition, Microsoft may track your usage patterns across multiple of your electronic devices through so-called cross-device tracking. The information collected is transferred to a Microsoft server in the United States. If Bing Ads is structured to collect personal data, the cookie banner on our Services will provide you the opportunity to consent to Bing Ads.
Facebook Ads.
Using
Facebook Business Tools
, we may show you interest-based ads when you use Facebook. To change your preferences or opt out of personalization for ads served by Facebook, you can visit Facebook
Ads Preferences
in addition to the Your Choices section below. We may also show ads to audiences who share similar characteristics to yours. To this end, a list of email addresses is irreversibly hashed encrypted and uploaded or transmitted from our site, and Facebook compares the hashed data with its users, generating a lookalike audience and deleting the uploaded list. We don't have access to the identity of anyone in the "lookalike" audience, unless they choose to click on one of our ads.
F.
Other Tracking Technologies
. We may also use Tracking Technologies to collect "clickstream" data, such as the domain name of the service providing you with Internet access, your device type, IP address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your browser type and version, operating system and platform, the average time spent on our Site, webpages viewed, content searched for, access times and other relevant statistics, and assign unique identifiers to the device or other credentials you use to access the Site for the same purposes.
Pages of our Site may also use Java scripts, which are code snippets embedded in various parts of websites and applications that facilitate a variety of operations including accelerating the refresh speed of certain functionality or monitoring usage of various online components; entity tags, which are HTTP code mechanisms that allow portions of websites to be stored or “cached” within your browser to accelerate website performance; and HTML5 local storage, which allows data from websites to be stored or “cached” within your browser to store and retrieve data in HTML5 pages when the website is revisited.
G.
Do Not Track
. Some Internet browsers, such as Internet Explorer, Firefox, and Safari, include the ability to transmit “Do Not Track” or “DNT” signals. Since uniform standards for “DNT" signals have not been adopted, our Site does not currently process or respond to “DNT” signals.
H.
Location Information
. You may be able to adjust the settings of your device so that information about your physical location is not sent to us or third parties by (a) disabling location services within the device settings; or (b) denying certain websites or mobile applications permission to access location information by changing the relevant preferences and permissions in your mobile device or browser settings.
4. Security Precautions
We industry-standard physical, technical and administrative measures to prevent unauthorized access to, use or disclosure of your information.
The Internet is not an absolutely secure environment. We strongly recommend that you use a secure method and use a complex password to help us ensure the security of your account. We also strongly advise that you neither share your password with others nor re-use passwords on our Services that you use on other sites or apps, as doing so increases the likelihood of your being the victim of a credential stuffing attack or other malicious cyber behavior. If you feel that the security of your account or personal data has been compromised, please immediately contact us at our dedicated
Privacy Center
or as otherwise described in the Contact Us section below.
5. Your Rights
To exercise your rights under this Policy and applicable law, you may contact us at our dedicated
Privacy Center
.
5.1 Access, Rectification, Portability, and Deletion of your Personal Information.
You have the right to correct or update your personal data, object to the processing of your personal data, ask us to restrict processing of your personal data, or request the portability of your personal data. To protect the privacy and the security of your personal data, we may request data from you to enable us to confirm your identity and your right to access such data, as well as to search for and provide you with the personal data we maintain upon your request. There are instances where applicable laws or regulatory requirements allow or require us to refuse to provide or delete some or all of the personal information that we maintain.
To exercise your rights, you may make updates within your customer account on the Site or App, or you may contact us our dedicated
Privacy Center
. If you no longer wish to be our customer, or cease using or accessing our Services, you can request us to close your account and delete all personal information we hold about you via the
Privacy Center
(See Section 10), subject to certain legal requirements.
5.2 Withdrawal of consent.
You have the right to withdraw your consent to the processing of your personal data, as well as to access, correct, or delete the personal information that we collect, subject to certain exceptions.
Please be aware that there are instances where applicable laws or regulatory requirements allow or require us to refuse to provide or delete some or all of the personal information that we maintain.
5.3 Unsubscribe from Our Marketing Communications.
If you no longer wish for us to use your email account to send you marketing emails or non-transactional promotional materials, please directly click on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any of our email messages to you or contact us at our dedicated
Privacy Center
.
5.4 Object to the receipt of advertising brochures via traditional mail.
If you no longer wish for us to use your postal address to send you marketing brochures by means of traditional mail, please contact
Customer Service
or (via the return address provided with each advertising brochure), to submit your request to unsubscribe from further postal advertising.
5.5 Lodging Complaints
If you believe we have infringed or violated your privacy rights, please contact us at our dedicated
Privacy Center
so that we may attempt to resolve any issues to your satisfaction. Notwithstanding the approaches of exercising your rights stated above or in the
Privacy Center
, this is without prejudice to your right to lodge a claim or complaint with your data protection authority (more details on data protection authorities and their contact info can be found at https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/reform/what-are-data-protection-authorities-dpas_en).
With respect to your personal data processed by a third party seller on our Site and App as an independent controller, to exercise your rights under the applicable law, you may contact the third party seller directly.
6. Retention
We will retain your personal Data, including any correspondence you have with us, only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Policy,including retaining Personal Data in order to comply with our legal obligations, to resolve disputes, for information security purposes, and to enforce our legal rights, terms, and policies.
7. Third-Party Websites
Our App or Site may contain links to third-party sites. This Policy does not apply to those third-party sites. We recommend that you read the privacy statements of any other sites that you visit as we are not responsible for the privacy practices of those sites.
8. Children
Our Services are not directed to, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from, children under the age of 16 or minors (as defined by applicable national laws). If you are a minor, please do not attempt to fill out our forms or send any personal information about yourself to us. If a minor has provided us with personal information without parental or guardian consent, the parent or guardian should contact us (See Section 10) immediately to remove the relevant personal information and unsubscribe the minor.
If we become aware that a minor has provided us with personal information, we will take steps to promptly delete such information from our files. As described further in our
Terms and Conditions
, please do not upload photographs showing other people, in particular if they are minors.
9. Transfer of Your Personal Data
When you access or use our Services,
your personal data may be processed or transferred outside the European Union, including to the United States, China and/or Singapore.
Such countries or jurisdictions may have data protection laws that are less protective than the laws of the jurisdiction in which you reside.
For these transfers we rely on appropriate safeguards as permitted under the GDPR such as Standard Contractual Clauses, and/or we transfer the personal information pursuant to Article 49 (1) (b) of the GDPR to provide our Services pursuant to the Terms & Conditions. If you do not want your information transferred to, processed, or maintained outside of the country or jurisdiction where you reside, you should immediately stop accessing or using the Services. For further details about these transfers and the safeguards that we use to facilitate such transfers, please contact us at our dedicated
Privacy Center
.
10. Contact Us
If you have questions or concerns regarding any information in this Privacy Policy, please contact us at our dedicated
Privacy Center
.
Our EU Data Protection Officer can be contacted via the email address below or via our postal address below in writing:
Data Protection Officer
Infinite Styles Services Co. Limited
1-2 Victoria Buildings,
Haddington Road,
Dublin 4,
Dublin,
D04 XN32,
Ireland,
Email:
privacy@sheingroup.com
Privacy settings center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Allow all
Manage Consent Preferences
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Always active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work.
Cookie List
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Cookie List
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookie List
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Cookie List
Social Media Cookies
These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools.
Cookie List
Reject all
Confirm my choices
SHOP NOW
Shipping elsewhere? Visit SHEIN's International Site!
We use cookies to give you the best shopping experience. If you continue to use our services or create a new account, we will assume that you agree to our
Privacy & Cookie Policy
.
I ACCEPT
New Users Only
Register
I agree to the
Privacy & Cookie Policy
and acknowledge that I have read the
Terms & Conditions
.
I'd like to receive exclusive offers and SHEIN news by email. I understand I can contact SHEIN to unsubscribe at anytime.
We will remember this account for you so you can log in directly next time, do you agree?