Sleep Matters
News
Help
Try for FREE
Terms of use and Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Last updated: July 9th, 2019
Last updated: July 9th, 2019
General
These Terms of Use govern, together with the Privacy Policy, your use of the Pillow: Automatic Sleep Tracker mobile application (the ”Application”) and related services provided by Neybox Digital Ltd. (”Us”, ”We”). By using the Application, you accept and agree to these Terms and Conditions (“Terms”). Therefore, it is important that you carefully read through these Terms. If you do not consent to these Terms, you should not use the Application.
Intellectual Property Rights
All rights in and to the Services, including any trademarks, service marks, trade names and copyrighted content (collectively “Intellectual Property”) presented within the Application are the property of Neybox Digital Ltd. and/or third parties. You agree not to use Intellectual Property for any other purposes except for your use of the Service unless required otherwise by applicable mandatory law.
Disclaimer of Warranty and limitation of liability
Pillow is not a medical device and is not intended to be used as such. Pillow should not be used to diagnose, treat or prevent any sleep disorder or medical condition. Always seek the advice of qualified medical staff before making any radical changes to your exercise, nutrition and sleep routine. Facts presented in the Snooze Lab are based on publicly available scientific research and are not a proprietary material of Neybox.
We make no guarantees as to the suitability of this app for the user, or for any of its functionality, product price, accuracy, or usefulness.
We reserve the right to change this app or to stop offering it. Neybox Digital Ltd. will not be held responsible if this app is discontinued, changed, or otherwise made unusable and data is damaged or lost as a result, or if the device itself is damaged, or if the device incurred damage due to another app.
The Application and all of its content is provided on an ”As Is” and ”As available” basis and We do not provide any assurances of the availability or usability by you of the Application. We shall not be liable for any errors in any content or for any actions taken in reliance thereon. Furthermore, we shall not be liable to you for any interception of online communications, software or hardware problems (including, without limitation, viruses, loss of data or compatibility conflicts).
Changes to these terms
We may update our Terms of use from time to time. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page. If the changes are significant, we may provide more prominent notice or get your consent as required by law. We will not change this agreement to allow the collection of your Health Data or make other significant changes without your consent.
Pillow Premium Subscription
This section only applies when you purchase and/or subscribe to Pillow Premium or other paid products. By paying the subscription fee, you get access to Pillow's Premium Features during the time your subscription is valid, subject to these Terms.
If you start a free trial, you will be charged automatically at the end of the trial period unless you cancel 24 hours before the end of the trial period.
All subscriptions to Pillow Premium are paid in advance.
The cost of the subscription fees can be found in the Application and on the product page of the Application on the App Store. We reserve the right to change the subscription fees from time to time.
Your payment will be charged to your iTunes/App Store Account as soon as you confirm your purchase. You can manage your subscriptions and turn off auto-renewal from your Account Settings after the purchase.
Your subscription will renew automatically unless you turn off auto-renew at least 24 hours before the end of the current period. The renewal cost will be charged to your account within 24 hours before the end of the current period. When canceling a subscription, your subscription will stay active until the end of the period. Auto-renewal will be disabled, but the existing subscription will not be refunded. If offered, any unused portion of a free trial period will be forfeited when purchasing a subscription.
All payments handled by Apple, such as in-app purchases, can only be refunded by Apple and with Apple’s consent. If you would like to contact Apple, please
click here
. Default in payment shall not be deemed as a termination of a Pillow Premium subscription.
All purchases are tied to the original Apple ID used at the time of purchase. To access your purchases on multiple devices, or to restore purchases on a new or existing device, each device must be configured with the same Apple ID. Purchases cannot be transferred to different Apple IDs. Verification of purchases is conducted by Apple through the App Store. If your device is unable to connect to the App Store servers, you may temporarily lose access to your purchases until connectivity is restored.
Privacy Policy
Thank you for using Pillow!
We are Neybox Digital Ltd., the operators of the app named Pillow: Smart Sleep Tracking (or just “Pillow”). Our mission is to help you discover more about how well you sleep and what you can do to improve your sleep quality. We care deeply about your privacy, and we always want to be completely transparent about the way Pillow handles your personal data. This document is our Privacy Policy, and by using Pillow, you agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy so please read this document carefully. Because we’re an app development company, some of the concepts below are a little technical, but we’ve tried our best to explain things in a simple and clear way. You can contact us at any time if you have any questions and comments about this Privacy Policy.
What information we collect and how we use it
Pillow does not require any form of registration or the creation of a personal user account to use it. You can use Pillow anonymously without having to provide a name, username or e-mail address.
Motion sensor & microphone data
If you use Pillow for sleep tracking, then Pillow will ask for access to the data recorded by the motion sensors and the microphone of your device while you are using Pillow. If you provide access to that data, then Pillow will process that data and store the result in the form of a sleep analysis report on the device that you use to run Pillow.
If you enable the audio recording functionality in Pillow, then Pillow might process the audio recorded by the microphone of your device while you are using Pillow and store one or more audio recordings in the form of digital audio files on your device. All data processing takes place only inside the devices that you use to run Pillow. Pillow will never store or transmit any of your motion sensor data or raw audio data on any external server either owned by Neybox Digital Ltd. or any other third party.
Apple Health data
Pillow will also ask for your explicit permission to access specific categories of health data that are stored on your device through Apple Health. If you permit Pillow to access those categories of data, then Pillow will process that data to perform sleep analysis, calculate your sleep quality score, and help you gain a better understanding of your sleep habits and of how your sleep quality is correlated to certain health metrics.
Any data processing of your health data will take place exclusively on the devices that you use to run Pillow. Pillow will not store or cache any of your health data that it will access from Apple Health and it will not transmit this data to external servers either owned by Neybox Digital Ltd. or any other third party. We will not sell your Health Data to advertising platforms, affiliate networks, data brokers or information resellers. We will not use your Health Data for advertising, promotion, cross-selling or any similar service.
Data synchronization and backups
If you enable backups and data synchronization between your devices using iCloud, then Pillow will transmit your processed sleep data and any digital audio files to your personal iCloud digital storage that resides in the servers that are owned and operated by Apple. No data from Apple Health will be transmitted or stored on your iCloud account. We will not share or transmit any of your sleep data or audio recordings with any other third-party service. Neybox Digital Ltd. does not have any of your data and does not transmit any of your data to any other service or server besides the iCloud servers as previously described above.
Anonymous usage data and third-party analytics
We may use third-party services in Pillow in order to help us respond to support requests, detect and diagnose any potential issues and understand how Pillow is used so that we can improve your overall experience with Pillow. We never share any of your sleep, audio or health data with any of those services. Those third-party services may use and store anonymous aggregate data such as the IP addresses or device identifiers of the devices, device characteristics, location data, version of Pillow installed on your device, the iOS version that your device is running on and whether or not you have access to our premium features. If any of those services require your name or email address, for example in case you want to contact our support team, then those services will ask you explicitly to share this information.
When you contact our Support & Feedback center, or you send us an email, one or more of our support representatives or employees at Neybox Digital Ltd. might have access to your name, email, and contents of that email or email you have exchanged with us as you have provided it through the available contact forms provided either inside the Pillow or the webpage of our Support and Feedback center.
What choices do you have about your information?
Our goal is to give you simple and meaningful choices over your information. Many of the choices you have on Pillow are built directly into the product or can be controlled by the Settings app that.
Choose to disable the audio recording functionality in Pillow by selecting a mode that does not support audio recordings. You can also turn off the microphone access that you have given Pillow using the Settings app on your iPhone or iPad
Choose to disable access to Apple Health through the Health app that is available on your iPhone
Choose to disable iCloud syncing and backups through the Settings panel in Pillow
Choose to delete your all sleep and audio recordings through the Settings panel in Pillow
Choose to export a copy of all your audio and sleep data through the Settings panel in Pillow
Choose to send a request to delete all email messages and data that you have exchanged with your Helpdesk, by contacting us via email.
Choose to send a request to delete any anonymous data gathered by the third-party analytics services that we use that could be tied indirectly to your device to the degree that’s possible for those services to isolate data tied to your particular device.
To learn more about choices, please visit our Support & Feedback center or contact us at
pillow@neybox.com
.
Changes to these terms
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page. If the changes are significant, we may provide more prominent notice or get your consent as required by law. We will not change this agreement to allow the collection of your Health Data or make other significant changes without your consent.
How can you contact us?
The best way to contact us is through our Support and Feedback center, or you can send us an email at pillow@neybox.com
Download Pillow
Get help
Contact us﻿
Helpdesk﻿
Press & News
News & Announcements
﻿
Press Inquiries﻿
Sleep Matters﻿
Legal
Terms & Privacy Policy
Do not sell my personal information﻿
Connect
TikTok
Youtube﻿
Instagram﻿
X (
Twitter
)
Threads
Facebook
Mastodon﻿
Pinterest﻿
Company
﻿
Neybox.com
Copyright © Neybox Digital Ltd.