Previous
Next
1
2
3
4
5
Web Applications
Mobile Apps
SEO Services
SMO Services
PI digi-logical Solutions provides professional website design, development and maintenance services. Our skilled web designers and developers accomplish various website projects from brochure sites to multi-functional web portals. PI digi-logical Solutions has a large pool of resources and the required business and technical expertise to develop websites of any complexity. We provide complete front-end and back-end development based on the latest technologies and industry trends.
We have Expertise in the following areas of mobile application development
Android App / Game Development
iOS App / Game Development
We have completed hundreds of apps  already. Also we have our own successful apps in google play store and apple iTunes with millions of downloads .
PI digi-logical Solutions’s Search Engine Optimization techniques cater to the needs of businesses of all sizes. Search Engine Optimization is a process that no online business can ignore. Our innovative ideas to implement Search Engine Optimization make the complex process of SEO a simple one. SEO is basically used to describe the process of designing your website in a way that it will appear higher in search engine rankings. An optimized website is the key to any online business’s growth and popularity
The Social Media Marketing plan requires regular maintenance, networking and connections. Some of  our  Social Media Optimization Services include:
Setting up your profile with the social networking websites and community building.
Regular addition and tweaking of optimized, well-linked content on the social media websites.
Ideas for viral marketing such as videos, events, news, articles etc. to encourage your visitors to tag, share and interact with your online activities.
Promote your website through free and paid advertisements on social networking websites to drive targetted traffic .
iOS Apps
30%
Android Apps
25%
Web Development
20%
SEO
15%
Web Design
10%
What we do ?
We have the following services for clients
Web Application Development
Web Designing
Mobile Applications
SEO Services
SMO Services
And the following activities of our own
Own Apps in iOS and Android
Products in Web and Mobile Domains
Online Services (SAAS) and Web Portals
Do you have expertise in mobile games too ?
Yes, we do games too even though our major expertise is in apps.
What is your turn around time?
It depends upon the project nature. Please contact us for more details.
Do you offer guaranteed ranking for SEO projects ?
Yes, we do. The duration varies as per the competition
Do your offer discount for your products ?
Yes,  in some special situations. Please contact us to know more.
Drop us an email anytime, and one of our customer service staff will respond to you as soon as possible !
Email