Wakie Inc. Terms of service
Updated as of: December 17, 2024
By downloading or using Wakie, Wakie X or other services by Wakie, Inc. you agree to these TOS and our
Privacy Policy
.
Welcome to Wakie!
We're excited to see you using Wakie and our other products and services, all of which we refer to simply as the "Services." When we refer to Wakie, we mean Wakie, Wakie X, Wakie.com and our other products.
These Terms of Service (which we call the "Terms") govern our relationship with you. Although we have tried our best to strip the legalese from the Terms, there are places where these Terms may still read like a traditional contract. There's a good reason for that: These Terms do indeed form a legally binding contract between you and Wakie Inc. So please read them carefully.
By using the Services, you agree to the Terms. Of course, if you don't agree with them, then don't use the Services.
ARBITRATION NOTICE: THESE TERMS CONTAIN AN ARBITRATION CLAUSE A LITTLE LATER ON. EXCEPT FOR CERTAIN TYPES OF DISPUTES MENTIONED IN THAT ARBITRATION CLAUSE, YOU AND WAKIE INC. AGREE THAT DISPUTES BETWEEN US WILL BE RESOLVED BY MANDATORY BINDING ARBITRATION, AND YOU AND WAKIE INC. WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS-ACTION LAWSUIT OR CLASS-WIDE ARBITRATION.
1. Community Guidelines
First and foremost, please read the following simple rules, which we refer as "Community Guidelines". See the full doc
here
.
Wakie is a pseudonymous service, where you can use either your real name or any available nickname and avatar picture in accordance with these Terms.
We track the quality of Wakie service. We urge you to:
Be polite to other users. Don't forget that Wakie is a service for kind and friendly people;
Don't be intrusive and don't fool other users;
Don't use Wakie to promote products and services;
Don't post any abusive, illegal, obscene or pornographic material;
Don't post material without permission from its owner;
Don't try to record your conversations.
If you get bullied or just can't stand someone in the community you can block them and you will never see them again. So if you can't build a constructive discussion don't fight back. Just hide everything from that user.
We moderate users carefully. If a user misbehaves and breaks the rules you can report them and moderators will review the case.
By inviting your friends to Wakie you confirm that they consent to receiving an invite.
The wake up call feature disclaimer. We understand that you depend on Wakie to wake you up, and do our best to call you on time. Please note:
Calls will be received with an accuracy of ± 5 minutes;
Even if no users are currently available, our robot will call and wake you up;
We cannot be responsible if the call fails due to technical problems, reception issues, device failure or other issues.
Your mobile phone numbers are securely stored and are not disclosed to other users. We strongly recommend you to not publish your phone number in public sections of the Wakie app. The numbers can be stolen and used for spam. We are not responsible for the publication of telephone numbers by the users and reserve the right to delete these messages.
2. Who Can Use the Services
No one under 13 is allowed to create an account or use the Services. We may offer additional Services with additional terms that may require you to be even older to use them. So please read all terms carefully.
By using the Services, you state that:
You can form a binding contract with Wakie Inc.
You are not a person who is barred from receiving the Services under the laws of the United States or any other applicable jurisdiction—meaning that you do not appear on the U.S. Treasury Department's list of Specially Designated Nationals or face any other similar prohibition.
You will comply with these Terms and all applicable local, state, national, and international laws, rules, and regulations.
If you are using the Services on behalf of a business or some other entity, you state that you are authorized to grant all licenses set forth in these Terms and to agree to these Terms on behalf of the business or entity.
3. Rights We Grant You
Wakie Inc. grants you a personal, worldwide, royalty-free, non-assignable, nonexclusive, revocable, and non-sublicensable license to access and use the Services. This license is for the sole purpose of letting you use and enjoy the Services' benefits in a way that these Terms and our usage policies, such as our Community Guidelines, allow.
Any software that we provide you may automatically download and install upgrades, updates, or other new features. You may be able to adjust these automatic downloads through your device's settings.
You may not copy, modify, distribute, sell, or lease any part of our Services, nor may you reverse engineer or attempt to extract the source code of that software, unless applicable laws prohibit these restrictions or you have our written permission to do so.
4. Rights You Grant Us
Many of our Services let you make calls, create, upload, post, send, receive, and store content. When you do that, you retain whatever ownership rights in that content you had to begin with. But you grant us a license to use that content. How broad that license is depends on which Services you use and the Settings you have selected.
For all Services you grant Wakie Inc. a worldwide, royalty-free, sublicensable, and transferable license to host, store, use, display, reproduce, modify, adapt, edit, publish, and distribute that content. This license is for the limited purpose of operating, developing, providing, promoting, and improving the Services and researching and developing new ones.
Because Services are inherently public and chronicle matters of public interest, the license you grant us for content submitted to those Services is broader. In addition to granting us the rights mentioned in the previous paragraph, you also grant us a perpetual license to create derivative works from, promote, exhibit, broadcast, syndicate, sublicense, publicly perform, and publicly display content submitted to Services in any form and in any and all media or distribution methods (now known or later developed). To the extent it's necessary, when you appear in, create, upload, post, or send content, you also grant Wakie Inc. and our business partners the unrestricted, worldwide, perpetual right and license to use your name, likeness, and voice. This means, among other things, that you will not be entitled to any compensation from Wakie Inc. or our business partners if your name, likeness, or voice is conveyed through Services, either on the Wakie application or on one of our business partner's platforms.
For more information about how to tailor who can watch your content, please take a look at our
Privacy Policy
.
We may record your conversations for safety and quality reasons, in particular to learn how you use the app and make your usage experience better.
While we're not required to do so, we may access, review, screen, and delete your content at any time and for any reason, including if we think your content violates these Terms. You alone, though, remain responsible for the content you create, upload, post, send, or store through the Service.
When a user reports inappropriate or harmful behavior within chats on Wakie, our moderation team may review the reported communication to ensure compliance with our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service. This review is conducted solely to address the specific issue raised and to maintain a safe and respectful environment for all users. Our team is committed to respecting your privacy and will limit their review to the information necessary for resolving the reported issue.
The Services may contain advertisements. In consideration for Wakie Inc. letting you access and use the Services, you agree that we, our affiliates, and our third-party partners may place advertising on the Services. Because the Services contain content that you and other users provide us, advertising may sometimes appear near your content.
We always love to hear from our users. But if you volunteer feedback or suggestions, just know that we can use your ideas without compensating you.
5. The Content of Others
Much of the content on our Services is produced by users, publishers, and other third parties. Whether that content is posted publicly or sent privately, the content is the sole responsibility of the person or organization that submitted it. Although Wakie Inc. reserves the right to review all content that appears on the Services and to remove any content that violates these Terms, we do not necessarily review all of it. So we cannot—and do not—take responsibility for any content that others provide through the Services.
Through these Terms and our Community Guidelines, we make clear that we do not want the Services put to bad uses. But because we do not review all content, we cannot guarantee that content on the Services will always conform to our Terms or Guidelines.
6. Privacy
Your privacy matters to us. You can learn how we handle your information when you use our Services by reading our
Privacy Policy
. We encourage you to give the Privacy Policy a careful look because, by using our Services, you agree that Wakie Inc. can collect, use, and transfer your information consistent with that policy.
7. Respecting Other People's Rights
Wakie Inc. respects the rights of others. And so should you. You therefore may not upload, post, send, or store content that:
violates or infringes someone else's rights of publicity, privacy, copyright, trademark, or other intellectual-property right.
bullies, harasses, or intimidates.
defames.
spams or solicits our users.
You must also respect Wakie Inc.'s rights. These Terms do not grant you any right to:
use branding, logos, designs, photographs, videos, or any other materials used in our Services.
copy, archive, download, upload, distribute, syndicate, broadcast, perform, display, make available, or otherwise use any portion of the Services or the content on the Services except as set forth in these Terms.
use the Services, any tools provided by the Services, or any content on the Services for any commercial purposes without our consent.
In short: You may not use the Services or the content on the Services in ways that are not authorized by these Terms. Nor may you help anyone else in doing so.
8. Respecting Copyright
Wakie Inc. honors the requirements set forth in the Digital Millennium Copyright Act. We therefore take reasonable steps to expeditiously remove from our Services any infringing material that we become aware of. And if Wakie Inc. becomes aware that one of its users has repeatedly infringed copyrights, we will take reasonable steps within our power to terminate the user's account.
We make it easy for you to report suspected copyright infringement. If you believe that anything on the Services infringes a copyright that you own or control, please contact us.
Your notice must comply with the requirements set forth at
17 U.S.C. § 512(c)(3)
.
That means the notice must:
contain the physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner.
identify the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed.
identify the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed, or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to let us locate the material.
provide your contact information, including your address, telephone number, and an email address.
provide a personal statement that you have a good-faith belief that the use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
provide a statement that the information in the notification is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner.
9. Safety
We try hard to keep our Services a safe place for all users. But we can't guarantee it. That's where you come in. By using the Services, you agree that:
You will not use the Services for any purpose that is illegal or prohibited in these Terms.
You will not use any robot, spider, crawler, scraper, or other automated means or interface to access the Services or extract other user's information.
You will not use or develop any third-party applications that interact with the Services or other users' content or information without our written consent.
You will not use the Services in a way that could interfere with, disrupt, negatively affect, or inhibit other users from fully enjoying the Services, or that could damage, disable, overburden, or impair the functioning of the Services.
You will not use or attempt to use another user's account, username, or password without their permission.
You will not solicit login credentials from another user.
You will not post content that contains pornography, graphic violence, threats, hate speech, or incitements to violence.
You will not upload viruses or other malicious code or otherwise compromise the security of the Services.
You will not attempt to circumvent any content-filtering techniques we employ, or attempt to access areas or features of the Services that you are not authorized to access.
You will not probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of our Services or any system or network.
You will not encourage or promote any activity that violates these Terms.
We also care about your safety while using our Services. So do not use our Services in a way that would distract you from obeying traffic or safety laws. For example, never use our Services and drive. And never put yourself or others in harm's way just to post or talk on Wakie.
10. Prevention of Child Sexual Abuse and Exploitation
Zero Tolerance Policy: Wakie Inc. strictly prohibits any form of child sexual abuse and exploitation (CSAE) on its platform. Users are forbidden from creating, uploading, sharing, or accessing content that depicts or promotes CSAE.
Age Verification: Users must be at least 13 years old to create an account or use our Services. We implement measures to verify user ages and prevent underage access. Providing false information to circumvent age restrictions is a violation of our Terms.
Reporting Mechanism: We provide tools for users to report any content or behavior suspected of involving CSAE. Reports are confidential and reviewed promptly. Users are encouraged to report any violations immediately.
Cooperation with Authorities: Wakie Inc. cooperates fully with law enforcement agencies in investigating and prosecuting CSAE offenses. We may report suspected CSAE content or activity to relevant authorities as required by law.
Account Termination: Any user found engaging in CSAE activities will have their account terminated immediately and may be reported to law enforcement.
Parental Controls: We recommend that parents and guardians monitor their children's online activities. Resources such as
Google Family Link
can assist in managing and supervising minors' use of our Services.
Educational Resources: We are committed to educating our community about CSAE. Users are encouraged to visit
Google's Child Safety Standards
for more information on recognizing and preventing CSAE.
11. Your Account
You are responsible for any activity that occurs in your Wakie account. So it's important that you keep your account secure. One way to do that is to select a strong password that you don't use for any other account.
By using the Services, you agree that, in addition to exercising common sense:
You will not create more than one account for yourself.
You will not create another account if we have already disabled your account, unless you have our written permission to do so.
You will not buy, sell, rent, or lease access to your Wakie account, a Wakie username, or a friend link without our written permission.
You will not share your password.
You will not log in or attempt to access the Services through unauthorized third-party applications or clients.
If you think that someone has gained access to your account, please immediately reach out to
synergy@wakie.com
.
12. Data Charges and Mobile Phones
You are responsible for any mobile charges that you may incur for using our Services, including calls, text-messaging and data charges. If you're unsure what those charges may be, you should ask your service provider before using the Services.
If you change or deactivate the mobile phone number that you used to create a Wakie account, you must update your account information through Settings within 72 hours.
13. Third-Party Services
If you use a service, feature, or functionality that is operated by a third party and made available through our Services (including Services we jointly offer with the third party), each party's terms will govern the respective party's relationship with you. Wakie Inc. is not responsible or liable for a third party's terms or actions taken under the third party's terms.
14. Modifying the Services and Termination
We're relentlessly improving our Services and creating new ones all the time. That means we may add or remove features, products, or functionalities, and we may also suspend or stop the Services altogether. We may take any of these actions at any time, and when we do, we may not provide you with any notice beforehand.
While we hope you remain a lifelong Wakie user, you can terminate these Terms at any time and for any reason by deleting your account.
Wakie Inc. may also terminate these Terms with you at any time, for any reason, and without advanced notice. That means that we may stop providing you with any Services, or impose new or additional limits on your ability to use the Services. For example, we may deactivate your account due to prolonged inactivity, and we may reclaim your username at any time for any reason.
Regardless of who terminates these Terms, both you and Wakie Inc. continue to be bound by Sections 4, 7, 10, and 13-22 of the Terms.
15. Indemnity
You agree, to the extent permitted under applicable law, to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Wakie Inc., our directors, officers, employees, and affiliates from and against any and all complaints, charges, claims, damages, losses, costs, liabilities, and expenses (including attorneys' fees) due to, arising out of, or relating in any way to: (a) your access to or use of the Services; (b) your content; and (c) your breach of these Terms.
16. Disclaimers
We try to keep the Services up and running and free of annoyances. But we make no promises that we will succeed.
THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" AND TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN ADDITION, WHILE WAKIE INC. ATTEMPTS TO PROVIDE A GOOD USER EXPERIENCE, WE DO NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT: (A) THE SERVICES WILL ALWAYS BE SECURE, ERROR-FREE, OR TIMELY; (B) THE SERVICES WILL ALWAYS FUNCTION WITHOUT DELAYS, DISRUPTIONS, OR IMPERFECTIONS; OR (C) THAT ANY CONTENT, USER CONTENT, OR INFORMATION YOU OBTAIN ON OR THROUGH THE SERVICES WILL BE TIMELY OR ACCURATE.
WAKIE INC. TAKES NO RESPONSIBILITY AND ASSUMES NO LIABILITY FOR ANY CONTENT THAT YOU, ANOTHER USER, OR A THIRD PARTY CREATES, UPLOADS, POSTS, SENDS, RECEIVES, OR STORES ON OR THROUGH OUR SERVICES. YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT YOU MAY BE EXPOSED TO CONTENT THAT MIGHT BE OFFENSIVE, ILLEGAL, MISLEADING, OR OTHERWISE INAPPROPRIATE, NONE OF WHICH WAKIE INC. WILL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR.
17. Limitation of Liability
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WAKIE INC. AND OUR MANAGING MEMBERS, SHAREHOLDERS, EMPLOYEES, AFFILIATES, LICENSORS, AND SUPPLIERS WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE, OR MULTIPLE DAMAGES, OR ANY LOSS OF PROFITS OR REVENUES, WHETHER INCURRED DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, OR ANY LOSS OF DATA, USE, GOODWILL, OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES, RESULTING FROM: (A) YOUR ACCESS TO OR USE OF OR INABILITY TO ACCESS OR USE THE SERVICES; (B) THE CONDUCT OR CONTENT OF OTHER USERS OR THIRD PARTIES ON OR THROUGH THE SERVICES; OR (C) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS, USE, OR ALTERATION OF YOUR CONTENT, EVEN IF WAKIE INC. HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. IN NO EVENT WILL WAKIE INC.'S AGGREGATE LIABILITY FOR ALL CLAIMS RELATING TO THE SERVICES EXCEED THE GREATER OF $100 USD OR THE AMOUNT YOU PAID WAKIE INC., IF ANY, IN THE LAST 12 MONTHS.
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES, SO SOME OR ALL OF THE EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS IN THIS SECTION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
18. Arbitration, Class-Action Waiver, and Jury Waiver
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING PARAGRAPHS CAREFULLY BECAUSE THEY REQUIRE YOU AND WAKIE INC. TO AGREE TO RESOLVE ALL DISPUTES BETWEEN US THROUGH BINDING INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION.
Applicability of Arbitration Agreement. You and Wakie Inc. agree that all claims and disputes, including all statutory claims and disputes, arising out of or relating to these Terms or the use of the Services that cannot be resolved in small claims court will be resolved by binding arbitration on an individual basis, except that you and Wakie Inc. are not required to arbitrate any dispute in which either party seeks equitable relief for the alleged unlawful use of copyrights, trademarks, trade names, logos, trade secrets, or patents. To be clear: The phrase "all claims and disputes" includes claims and disputes that arose between us before the effective date of these Terms.
Arbitration Rules. The Federal Arbitration Act governs the interpretation and enforcement of this dispute-resolution provision. Arbitration will be initiated through the American Arbitration Association ("AAA") and will be governed by the AAA Consumer Arbitration Rules, available here as of the date of these Terms, or by calling the AAA at 1-800-778-7879. If the AAA is not available to arbitrate, the parties will select an alternative arbitral forum. The rules of the arbitral forum will govern all aspects of this arbitration, except to the extent those rules conflict with these Terms. The arbitration will be conducted by a single neutral arbitrator. Any claims or disputes where the total amount sought is less than $10,000 USD may be resolved through binding non-appearance-based arbitration, at the option of the party seeking relief. For claims or disputes where the total amount sought is $10,000 USD or more, the right to a hearing will be determined by the arbitral forum's rules. Any judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.
Additional Rules for Non-appearance Arbitration. If non-appearance arbitration is elected, the arbitration will be conducted by telephone, online, written submissions, or any combination of the three; the specific manner will be chosen by the party initiating the arbitration. The arbitration will not involve any personal appearance by the parties or witnesses unless the parties mutually agree otherwise.
Authority of the Arbitrator. The arbitrator will decide the jurisdiction of the arbitrator and the rights and liabilities, if any, of you and Wakie Inc. The dispute will not be consolidated with any other matters or joined with any other cases or parties. The arbitrator will have the authority to grant motions dispositive of all or part of any claim or dispute. The arbitrator will have the authority to award monetary damages and to grant any non-monetary remedy or relief available to an individual under applicable law, the arbitral forum's rules, and the Terms. The arbitrator will issue a written award and statement of decision describing the essential findings and conclusions on which the award is based, including the calculation of any damages awarded. The arbitrator has the same authority to award relief on an individual basis that a judge in a court of law would have. The award of the arbitrator is final and binding upon you and Wakie Inc.
Waiver of Jury Trial. YOU AND WAKIE INC. WAIVE ANY CONSTITUTIONAL AND STATUTORY RIGHTS TO GO TO COURT AND HAVE A TRIAL IN FRONT OF A JUDGE OR A JURY. You and Wakie Inc. are instead electing to have claims and disputes resolved by arbitration. Arbitration procedures are typically more limited, more efficient, and less costly than rules applicable in court and are subject to very limited review by a court. In any litigation between you and Wakie Inc. over whether to vacate or enforce an arbitration award, YOU AND WAKIE INC. WAIVE ALL RIGHTS TO A JURY TRIAL, and elect instead to have the dispute be resolved by a judge.
Waiver of Class or Consolidated Actions. ALL CLAIMS AND DISPUTES WITHIN THE SCOPE OF THIS ARBITRATION AGREEMENT MUST BE ARBITRATED OR LITIGATED ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS AND NOT ON A CLASS BASIS. CLAIMS OF MORE THAN ONE CUSTOMER OR USER CANNOT BE ARBITRATED OR LITIGATED JOINTLY OR CONSOLIDATED WITH THOSE OF ANY OTHER CUSTOMER OR USER. If, however, this waiver of class or consolidated actions is deemed invalid or unenforceable, neither you nor we are entitled to arbitration; instead all claims and disputes will be resolved in a court as set forth in Section 18.
Right to Waive. Any rights and limitations set forth in this arbitration agreement may be waived by the party against whom the claim is asserted. Such waiver will not waive or affect any other portion of this arbitration agreement.
Opt-out. You may opt out of this arbitration agreement. If you do so, neither you nor Wakie Inc. can force the other to arbitrate. To opt out, you must notify Wakie Inc. in writing no later than 30 days after first becoming subject to this arbitration agreement. Your notice must include your name and address, your Wakie username and the email address, phone number or other ID you used to set up your Wakie account (if you have one), and an unequivocal statement that you want to opt out of this arbitration agreement. You must email your opt-out notice to this address: ATTN: Arbitration Opt-out,
synergy@wakie.com
.
Small Claims Court. Notwithstanding the foregoing, either you or Wakie Inc. may bring an individual action in small claims court.
Arbitration Agreement Survival. This arbitration agreement will survive the termination of your relationship with Wakie Inc.
19. Exclusive Venue
To the extent the parties are permitted under these Terms to initiate litigation in a court, both you and Wakie Inc. agree that all claims and disputes, including statutory claims and disputes, arising out of or relating to the Terms or the use of the Services will be litigated exclusively in the United States District Court for the Central District of California. If, however, that court would lack original jurisdiction over the litigation, then all such claims and disputes will be litigated exclusively in the Superior Court of California, County of Los Angeles. You and Wakie Inc. consent to the personal jurisdiction of both courts.
20. Choice of Law
Except to the extent they are preempted by U.S. federal law, the laws of California, other than its conflict-of-laws principles, govern these Terms and any claims and disputes arising out of or relating to these Terms or their subject matter, including tort and statutory claims and disputes.
21. Severability
If any provision of these Terms is found unenforceable, then that provision will be severed from these Terms and not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.
22. Refund Policy
Our refund process depends on where you purchased your subscription.
Google Play Store: Wakie may give refunds for some purchases if it's less than 48 hours since you made an in-app purchase. In case of multiple purchases you can only apply for a refund for 1 purchase. You can apply for 1 refund a year. Please reach out to our support for assistance. You'll usually get a decision within 10 business days. You can contact Google Play Store directly at
here
.
iTunes App Store: Apple handles all billing for in-app purchases made on iOS devices. Customers who subscribed to Wakie through iTunes will need to reach out to Apple directly with any refund requests. They are typically able to honor all refund requests within 30 days of the purchase date (but it's at their discretion). You can contact iTunes Customer Support directly at
https://getsupport.apple.com/
or here is the detailed instruction on
how to request a refund
.
Violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service might lead to temporary or permanent bans. In the case of a ban, we do not refund unused periods and payments.
23. Additional Terms for Specific Services
Given the breadth of our Services, we sometimes need to craft additional terms and conditions for specific Services. Those additional terms and conditions, which will be available with the relevant Services, then become part of your agreement with us if you use those Services.
24. Final Terms
These Terms make up the entire agreement between you and Wakie Inc., and supersede any prior agreements.
These Terms do not create or confer any third-party beneficiary rights.
If we do not enforce a provision in these Terms, it will not be considered a waiver.
We reserve all rights not expressly granted to you.
You may not transfer any of your rights or obligations under these Terms without our consent.
These Terms were written in English and to the extent the translated version of these Terms conflict with the English version, the English version will control.
Contact Us
Wakie Inc. welcomes comments, questions, concerns, or suggestions. Please send feedback to us by visiting
wakie.com
or tap leave a feedback button in Wakie apps.
Wakie Inc. is located in the United States at 2803 Philadelphia Pike B 4001, Claymont, DE 19703.
Stay in touch
feedback@wakie.com
Main
Community Guidelines
FAQ
© All Rights Reserved. Wakie Inc.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.iubenda.com/privacy-policy/7935935:
Policy summary
Personal Data processed for the following purposes and using the following services:
Access to third party services' accounts
Facebook account access
Permissions: About Me; Activities; Birthday; Checkins; Email; Export Posts; Interests; Likes; Photos
Advertising
Apple iAd
Personal Data: Cookies; Usage Data
Analytics
Analytics collected directly and Google Analytics (Universal Analytics)
Personal Data: Cookies; Usage Data
Facebook Analytics for Apps
Personal Data: Usage Data; various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service
Contacting the User
Contact form
Personal Data: city; country; date of birth; email address; gender; User ID; various types of Data
Handling activity data
Activity data tracked by your device
Personal Data: date of birth; gender; general activity data
Hosting and backend infrastructure
DigitalOcean and Firebase
Personal Data: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service
Infrastructure monitoring
Crashlytics
Personal Data: geographic position; unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example); various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service
Interaction with external social networks and platforms
Facebook Like button and social widgets and Google+ +1 button and social widgets
Personal Data: Cookies; Usage Data
Registration and authentication
Direct registration
Personal Data: city; country; date of birth; email address; gender; language; password; phone number; picture; User ID; username; various types of Data
Facebook Authentication
Personal Data: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service
Social features
Inviting and suggesting friends
Personal Data: various types of Data
Public profile
Personal Data: country; picture; username
User database management
Intercom
Personal Data: email address; various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service
Information on opting out of interest-based advertising
In addition to any opt-out feature provided by any of the services listed in this document, Users may follow the instructions provided by
YourOnlineChoices
(EU),
  the
Network Advertising Initiative
(US) and
  the
Digital Advertising Alliance
(US),
DAAC
(Canada),
DDAI
(Japan)
  or other similar initiatives. Such initiatives allow Users to select their tracking preferences for most of the advertising tools. The Owner thus recommends that Users make use of these resources in addition to the information provided in this document.
The Digital Advertising Alliance offers an application called
AppChoices
that helps Users to control interest-based advertising on mobile apps.
Users may also opt out of certain advertising features through applicable device settings, such as the device advertising settings for mobile phones or ads settings in general.
Further information about the processing of Personal Data
Access the address book
This Application may request access to your address book.
Push notifications
This Application may send push notifications to the User.
Contact information
Owner and Data Controller
Wakie, Inc. 1201 Orange st No 600, Wilmington, New Castle, US, 19801
Owner contact email:
synergy@wakie.com
Full policy
Owner and Data Controller
Wakie, Inc. 1201 Orange st No 600, Wilmington, New Castle, US, 19801
Owner contact email:
synergy@wakie.com
Types of Data collected
Among the types of Personal Data that this Application collects, by itself or through third parties, there are:
      Cookies; Usage Data; general activity data; gender; date of birth; country; email address; various types of Data; city; User ID; unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example); geographic position; phone number; username; password; picture; language.
Complete details on each type of Personal Data collected are provided in the dedicated sections of this privacy policy or by specific explanation texts displayed prior to the Data collection.
Personal Data may be freely provided by the User, or, in case of Usage Data, collected automatically when using this Application.
Unless specified otherwise, all Data requested by this Application is mandatory and failure to provide this Data may make it impossible for this Application to provide its services. In cases where this Application specifically states that some Data is not mandatory, Users are free not to communicate this Data without consequences to the availability or the functioning of the Service.
Users who are uncertain about which Personal Data is mandatory are welcome to contact the Owner.
Any use of Cookies – or of other tracking tools — by this Application or by the owners of third-party services used by this Application serves the purpose of providing the Service required by the User, in addition to any other purposes described in the present document.
Users are responsible for any third-party Personal Data obtained, published or shared through this Application.
Mode and place of processing the Data
Methods of processing
The Owner takes appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, or unauthorized destruction of the Data.
The Data processing is carried out using computers and/or IT enabled tools, following organizational procedures and modes strictly related to the purposes indicated. In addition to the Owner, in some cases, the Data may be accessible to certain types of persons in charge, involved with the operation of this Application (administration, sales, marketing, legal, system administration) or external parties (such as third-party technical service providers, mail carriers, hosting providers, IT companies, communications agencies) appointed, if necessary, as Data Processors by the Owner. The updated list of these parties may be requested from the Owner at any time.
Place
The Data is processed at the Owner's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located.
Depending on the User's location, data transfers may involve transferring the User's Data to a country other than their own. To find out more about the place of processing of such transferred Data, Users can check the section containing details about the processing of Personal Data.
Retention time
Unless specified otherwise in this document, Personal Data shall be processed and stored for as long as required by the purpose they have been collected for and may be retained for longer due to applicable legal obligation or based on the Users’ consent.
The purposes of processing
The Data concerning the User is collected to allow the Owner to provide its Service, comply with its legal obligations, respond to enforcement requests, protect its rights and interests (or those of its Users or third parties), detect any malicious or fraudulent activity, as well as the following:
        Access to third party services' accounts, Interaction with external social networks and platforms, Handling activity data, Contacting the User, Analytics, Advertising, Infrastructure monitoring, Hosting and backend infrastructure, Registration and authentication, User database management and Social features.
For specific information about the Personal Data used for each purpose, the User may refer to the section “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data”.
Facebook permissions asked by this Application
This Application may ask for some Facebook permissions allowing it to perform actions with the User's Facebook account and to retrieve information, including Personal Data, from it. This service allows this Application to connect with the User's account on the Facebook social network, provided by Facebook Inc.
For more information about the following permissions, refer to the
Facebook permissions documentation
and to the
Facebook privacy policy
.
The permissions asked are the following:
Basic information
By default, this includes certain User’s Data such as id, name, picture, gender, and their locale. Certain connections of the User, such as the Friends, are also available. If the User has made more of their Data public, more information will be available.
About Me
Provides access to the 'About Me' section of the profile.
Activities
Provides access to the User's list of activities.
Birthday
Provides access to the birthday.
Checkins
Provides read access to the authorized User's check-ins.
Email
Provides access to the User's primary email address.
Export Posts
Export the posts and make them public. All posts will be exported, including status updates.
Interests
Provides access to the User's list of interests.
Likes
Provides access to the list of all of the pages the User has liked.
Photos
Provides access to the photos the User has uploaded, and photos the User has been tagged in.
Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data
Personal Data is collected for the following purposes and using the following services:
Access to third party services' accounts
This type of service allows this Application to access Data from your account on a third party service and perform actions with it.
These services are not activated automatically, but require explicit authorization by the User.
Facebook account access (This Application)
This service allows this Application to connect with the User's account on the Facebook social network, provided by Facebook, Inc.
Permissions asked: About Me; Activities; Birthday; Checkins; Email; Export Posts; Interests; Likes; Photos.
Place of processing:  US –
Privacy Policy
.
Advertising
This type of service allows User Data to be utilized for advertising communication purposes. These communications are displayed in the form of banners and other advertisements on this Application, possibly based on User interests.
This does not mean that all Personal Data are used for this purpose. Information and conditions of use are shown below.
Some of the services listed below may use Trackers to identify Users or they may use the behavioral retargeting technique, i.e. displaying ads tailored to the User’s interests and behavior, including those detected outside this Application. For more information, please check the privacy policies of the relevant services.
Services of this kind usually offer the possibility to opt out of such tracking. In addition to any opt-out feature offered by any of the services below, Users may learn more on how to generally opt out of interest-based advertising within the dedicated section "How to opt-out of interest-based advertising" in this document.
Apple iAd (Apple Inc.)
Apple iAd is an advertising service provided by Apple Inc.
Personal Data processed: Cookies; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  US –
Privacy Policy
–
Opt out
.
Analytics
The services contained in this section enable the Owner to monitor and analyze web traffic and can be used to keep track of User behavior.
Analytics collected directly (This Application)
This Application uses an internal analytics system that does not involve third parties.
Personal Data processed: Cookies; Usage Data.
Facebook Analytics for Apps (Facebook, Inc.)
Facebook Analytics for Apps is an analytics service provided by Facebook, Inc.
Personal Data processed: Usage Data; various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing:  US –
Privacy Policy
.
Google Analytics (Universal Analytics) (Google Inc.)
Google Analytics (Universal Analytics) is a web analysis service provided by Google LLC or by Google Ireland Limited, depending on how the Owner manages the Data processing, (“Google”). Google utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use of this Application, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services.
Google may use the Data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
In order to understand Google's use of Data, consult
Google's partner policy
.
Personal Data processed: Cookies; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  US –
Privacy Policy
–
Opt Out
.
Contacting the User
Contact form (This Application)
By filling in the contact form with their Data, the User authorizes this Application to use these details to reply to requests for information, quotes or any other kind of request as indicated by the form’s header.
Personal Data processed: city; country; date of birth; email address; gender; User ID; various types of Data.
Handling activity data
This type of service allows the Owner to use the activity data collected by your device in order for this Application to operate or to provide specific features. This may include movements, heartbeat, change in altitude or data about the surroundings.
Depending on what is described below, third parties may be involved in the activity tracking.
Most devices allow for the User to control which Data is accessed or stored.
Activity data tracked by your device  (This Application)
This Application uses some activity data tracked by your device to operate or to provide specific features.
Personal Data processed: date of birth; gender; general activity data.
Hosting and backend infrastructure
This type of service has the purpose of hosting data and files that enable this Application to run and be distributed as well as to provide a ready-made infrastructure to run specific features or parts of this Application.
Some of these services work through geographically distributed servers, making it difficult to determine the actual location where the Personal Data are stored.
DigitalOcean (DigitalOcean Inc.)
DigitalOcean is a hosting service provided by DigitalOcean Inc.
Personal Data processed: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing:  US –
Privacy Policy
.
Firebase (Firebase, Inc.)
Firebase is a hosting and backend service provided by Google Inc.
Personal Data processed: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing:  US –
Privacy Policy
.
Infrastructure monitoring
This type of service allows this Application to monitor the use and behavior of its components so its performance, operation, maintenance and troubleshooting can be improved.
Which Personal Data are processed depends on the characteristics and mode of implementation of these services, whose function is to filter the activities of this Application.
Crashlytics (Google Inc.)
Crashlytics is a monitoring service provided by Google LLC or by Google Ireland Limited, depending on how the Owner manages the Data processing.
Personal Data processed: geographic position; unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example); various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing:  US –
Privacy Policy
.
Interaction with external social networks and platforms
This type of service allows interaction with social networks or other external platforms directly from the pages of this Application.
The interaction and information obtained through this Application are always subject to the User’s privacy settings for each social network.
This type of service might still collect traffic data for the pages where the service is installed, even when Users do not use it.
It is recommended to log out from the respective services in order to make sure that the processed data on this Application isn’t being connected back to the User’s profile.
Facebook Like button and social widgets (Facebook, Inc.)
The Facebook Like button and social widgets are services allowing interaction with the Facebook social network provided by Facebook, Inc.
Personal Data processed: Cookies; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  US –
Privacy Policy
.
Google+ +1 button and social widgets (Google Inc.)
The Google+ +1 button and social widgets are services allowing interaction with the Google+ social network provided by Google Inc.
Personal Data processed: Cookies; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  US –
Privacy Policy
.
Registration and authentication
By registering or authenticating, Users allow this Application to identify them and give them access to dedicated services.
Depending on what is described below, third parties may provide registration and authentication services. In this case, this Application will be able to access some Data, stored by these third party services, for registration or identification purposes.
Direct registration (This Application)
The User registers by filling out the registration form and providing the Personal Data directly to this Application.
Personal Data processed: city; country; date of birth; email address; gender; language; password; phone number; picture; User ID; username; various types of Data.
Facebook Authentication (Facebook, Inc.)
Facebook Authentication is a registration and authentication service provided by Facebook, Inc. and is connected to the Facebook social network.
Personal Data processed: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing:  US –
Privacy Policy
.
Social features
Inviting and suggesting friends (This Application)
This Application may use the Personal Data provided to allow Users to invite their friends - for example through the address book, if access has been provided - and to suggest friends or connections inside it.
Personal Data processed: various types of Data.
Public profile (This Application)
Users may have public profiles that other Users can display. In addition to the Personal Data provided, this profile may contain Users' interactions with this Application.
Personal Data processed: country; picture; username.
User database management
This type of service allows the Owner to build user profiles by starting from an email address, a personal name, or other information that the User provides to this Application, as well as to track User activities through analytics features. This Personal Data may also be matched with publicly available information about the User (such as social networks' profiles) and used to build private profiles that the Owner can display and use for improving this Application.
Some of these services may also enable the sending of timed messages to the User, such as emails based on specific actions performed on this Application.
Intercom (Intercom Inc.)
Intercom is a User database management service provided by Intercom Inc.
Intercom can also be used as a medium for communications, either through email, or through messages within our product(s).
Personal Data processed: email address; various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing:  US –
Privacy Policy
.
Information on opting out of interest-based advertising
In addition to any opt-out feature provided by any of the services listed in this document, Users may follow the instructions provided by
YourOnlineChoices
(EU),
  the
Network Advertising Initiative
(US) and
  the
Digital Advertising Alliance
(US),
DAAC
(Canada),
DDAI
(Japan)
  or other similar initiatives. Such initiatives allow Users to select their tracking preferences for most of the advertising tools. The Owner thus recommends that Users make use of these resources in addition to the information provided in this document.
The Digital Advertising Alliance offers an application called
AppChoices
that helps Users to control interest-based advertising on mobile apps.
Users may also opt out of certain advertising features through applicable device settings, such as the device advertising settings for mobile phones or ads settings in general.
Further information about the processing of Personal Data
Access the address book
This Application may request access to your address book.
Push notifications
This Application may send push notifications to the User.
Further Information for Users
Legal basis of processing
The Owner may process Personal Data relating to Users if one of the following applies:
Users have given their consent for one or more specific purposes.
provision of Data is necessary for the performance of an agreement with the User and/or for any pre-contractual obligations thereof;
processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which the Owner is subject;
processing is related to a task that is carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the Owner;
processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner or by a third party.
In any case, the Owner will gladly help to clarify the specific legal basis that applies to the processing, and in particular whether the provision of Personal Data is a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract.
Further information about retention time
Unless specified otherwise in this document, Personal Data shall be processed and stored for as long as required by the purpose they have been collected for and may be retained for longer due to applicable legal obligation or based on the Users’ consent.
Therefore:
Personal Data collected for purposes related to the performance of a contract between the Owner and the User shall be retained until such contract has been fully performed.
Personal Data collected for the purposes of the Owner’s legitimate interests shall be retained as long as needed to fulfill such purposes. Users may find specific information regarding the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner within the relevant sections of  this document or by contacting the Owner.
The Owner may be allowed to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever the User has given consent to such processing, as long as such consent is not withdrawn. Furthermore, the Owner may be obliged to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever required to fulfil a legal obligation or upon order of an authority.
Once the retention period expires, Personal Data shall be deleted. Therefore, the right of access, the right to erasure, the right to rectification and the right to data portability cannot be enforced after expiration of the retention period.
The rights of Users based on the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
Users may exercise certain rights regarding their Data processed by the Owner.
In particular, Users have the right to do the following, to the extent permitted by law:
Withdraw their consent at any time.
Users have the right to withdraw consent where they have previously given their consent to the processing of their Personal Data.
Object to processing of their Data.
Users have the right to object to the processing of their Data if the processing is carried out on a legal basis other than consent.
Access their Data.
Users have the right to learn if Data is being processed by the Owner, obtain disclosure regarding certain aspects of the processing and obtain a copy of the Data undergoing processing.
Verify and seek rectification.
Users have the right to verify the accuracy of their Data and ask for it to be updated or corrected.
Restrict the processing of their Data.
Users have the right to restrict the processing of their Data. In this case, the Owner will not process their Data for any purpose other than storing it.
Have their Personal Data deleted or otherwise removed.
Users have the right to obtain the erasure of their Data from the Owner.
Receive their Data and have it transferred to another controller.
Users have the right to receive their Data in a structured, commonly used and machine readable format and, if technically feasible, to have it transmitted to another controller without any hindrance.
Lodge a complaint.
Users have the right to bring a claim before their competent data protection authority.
Users are also entitled to learn about the legal basis for Data transfers abroad including to any international organization governed by public international law or set up by two or more countries, such as the UN, and about the security measures taken by the Owner to safeguard their Data.
Details about the right to object to processing
Where Personal Data is processed for a public interest, in the exercise of an official authority vested in the Owner or for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner, Users may object to such processing by providing a ground related to their particular situation to justify the objection.
Users must know that, however, should their Personal Data be processed for direct marketing purposes, they can object to that processing at any time, free of charge and without providing any justification. Where the User objects to processing for direct marketing purposes, the Personal Data will no longer be processed for such purposes. To learn whether the Owner is processing Personal Data for direct marketing purposes, Users may refer to the relevant sections of this document.
How to exercise these rights
Any requests to exercise User rights can be directed to the Owner through  the contact details provided in this document. Such requests are free of charge and will be answered by the Owner as early as possible and always within one month, providing Users with the information required by law. Any rectification or erasure of Personal Data or restriction of processing will be communicated by the Owner to each recipient, if any, to whom the Personal Data has been disclosed unless this proves impossible or involves disproportionate effort. At the Users’ request, the Owner will inform them about those recipients.
Additional information about Data collection and processing
Legal action
The User's Personal Data may be used for legal purposes by the Owner in Court or in the stages leading to possible legal action arising from improper use of this Application or the related Services.
The User declares to be aware that the Owner may be required to reveal personal data upon request of public authorities.
Additional information about User's Personal Data
In addition to the information contained in this privacy policy, this Application may provide the User with additional and contextual information concerning particular Services or the collection and processing of Personal Data upon request.
System logs and maintenance
For operation and maintenance purposes, this Application and any third-party services may collect files that record interaction with this Application (System logs) or use other Personal Data (such as the IP Address) for this purpose.
Information not contained in this policy
More details concerning the collection or processing of Personal Data may be requested from the Owner at any time. Please see the contact information at the beginning of this document.
Changes to this privacy policy
The Owner reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time by notifying its Users on this page and possibly within this Application and/or - as far as technically and legally feasible - sending a notice to Users via any contact information available to the Owner. It is strongly recommended to check this page often, referring to the date of the last modification listed at the bottom.
Should the changes affect processing activities performed on the basis of the User’s consent, the Owner shall collect new consent from the User, where required.
Definitions and legal references
Personal Data (or Data)
Any information that directly, indirectly, or in connection with other information — including a personal identification number — allows for the identification or identifiability of a natural person.
Usage Data
Information collected automatically through this Application (or third-party services employed in this Application), which can include: the IP addresses or domain names of the computers utilized by the Users who use this Application, the URI addresses (Uniform Resource Identifier), the time of the request, the method utilized to submit the request to the server, the size of the file received in response, the numerical code indicating the status of the server's answer (successful outcome, error, etc.), the country of origin, the features of the browser and the operating system utilized by the User, the various time details per visit (e.g., the time spent on each page within the Application) and the details about the path followed within the Application with special reference to the sequence of pages visited, and other parameters about the device operating system and/or the User's IT environment.
User
The individual using this Application who, unless otherwise specified, coincides with the Data Subject.
Data Subject
The natural person to whom the Personal Data refers.
Data Processor (or Processor)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes Personal Data on behalf of the Controller, as described in this privacy policy.
Data Controller (or Owner)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Data, including the security measures concerning the operation and use of this Application. The Data Controller, unless otherwise specified, is the Owner of this Application.
This Application
The means by which the Personal Data of the User is collected and processed.
Service
The service provided by this Application as described in the relative terms (if available) and on this site/application.
European Union (or EU)
Unless otherwise specified, all references made within this document to the European Union include all current member states to the European Union and the European Economic Area.
Cookie
Cookies are Trackers consisting of small sets of data stored in the User's browser.
Tracker
Tracker indicates any technology - e.g Cookies, unique identifiers, web beacons, embedded scripts, e-tags and fingerprinting - that enables the tracking of Users, for example by accessing or storing information on the User’s device.
Legal information
This privacy policy relates solely to this Application, if not stated otherwise within this document.