Cookies
Information Merseytravel Collects
We collect data from our website to help us understand how many people access it, how it is used and whether there have been any technical problems. This doesn’t contain any personal information and we cannot link this data to individual visitors. All the information we collect in this way is deleted periodically. The data we collect includes:
The name of your internet service provider and the internet protocol (IP) address you are using. This may or may not identify a specific computer.
The date and time you visit our website, and the pages you look at.
The internet address of any websites which have linked you directly to our site.
We collect personal information only when you specifically and knowingly give it to us, for example by filling out an online form or by sending an email. We record what time you give us this information and keep track of where it is sent to. We will use the personal information you give us for the reasons stated when you provide it. We will only use it for other reasons where we have to legally or where this is allowed by law.
How we use your information
Generally we will not share your information with outside parties unless we have to legally or where the law allows this.
Merseytravel occasionally contracts external companies to help provide online services.
We only give them the information which they need to carry out the service.
They agree not to use any information we give them for any other reason than what we have agreed with them.
We make sure they have proper systems in place to protect personal data and private information.
Cookies
Cookies are files which can be stored on your computer when you visit a website, they cannot be used to identify you personally.
These pieces of information are used to improve services for you through, for example:
Enabling a service to recognise your device so you don't have to give the same information several times during one task
Recognising that you may already have given a username and password so you don't need to do it for every web page requested
Measuring how many people are using About Cookies services, so they can be made easier to use and there's enough capacity to ensure they are fast
Analysing data to help us understand how you use online government services so we can improve them
How to restrict or block cookies
You can restrict or block cookies through your browser settings. The Help function within your browser should tell you how. You can find more detailed information about cookies and how to restrict or block them and how to delete them from your computer on the
About Cookies
website.
For information on how to do this on the browser of your mobile phone you will need to refer to your handset manual.
Links with other Websites
Our site contains links to and from other websites. Merseytravel does not necessarily endorse or support the organisations that are linked to or from our website. We cannot guarantee that links will work all of the time, and we have no control over the availability of the linked pages on other websites.
Please be aware that other websites may deal with privacy differently from Merseytravel and we can take no responsibility for the privacy practices or the content of any linked websites. If you decide to access websites linked to ours, you do so at your own risk.
We welcome other websites to link to the information that is hosted on these pages. You do not have to ask permission to link but we can provide wording and linking graphics.
Virus and malware protection
We make every effort to check and test the material on our site for malicious software or 'malware'. However, Merseytravel cannot accept any responsibility or liability for any loss, disruption or damage to your computer system or information contained on it, which may occur as a result of using material from our site. It is always advisable to run an anti-virus program on any material downloaded from the internet.
If an email infected with malicious software is sent to us, it will be deleted automatically before it reaches our email system. Please be aware that if you have unintentionally sent us an email infected with malicious software, it will not reach us.