Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy (Current)
Website Privacy Policy
Last Updated:
June 26, 2024
INTRODUCTION
Your privacy is important to SalesRabbit and its affiliates (together, “Company,” “our,” “us,” or “we”). To better protect your privacy, we are providing information explaining our online information practices.
This Website Privacy Policy (this “Privacy Policy”) describes how we gather and use information for visitors of this website. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. If you do not agree with any of the terms and conditions contained herein, please do not access or otherwise use this website.
This Privacy Policy constitutes a legally binding agreement between Company and you, the user of this website. By entering and using this website, you acknowledge your acceptance of, and agree to be bound by, the Privacy Policy stated herein, our Website Terms of Use
https://salesrabbit.com/terms-of-use/
and all additional terms incorporated by reference herein. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not access or use this website.
Visitors that are residents of California should refer to our California Website Privacy Policy supplement below. Visitors that are residents of the United Kingdom, the European Union or the European Economic Area should refer to our EU Privacy supplement below.
NOTIFICATION OF CHANGES
We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Policy from time to time and for any reason, in our sole discretion, without notice, by updating this Privacy Policy. You are expected to check this page so you are aware of any changes, as they are binding on you. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any point we decide to collect personal information or use any collected information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by posting changes on this page. We will use information only in accordance with the version of the Privacy Policy under which the information was collected. Your continued access or use of this website following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy means that you accept such revisions, changes and/or amendments. If you object to any of the changes to this Privacy Policy, please stop accessing this website. Please check this page frequently and review any changes to this Privacy Policy carefully so you are aware of any changes, as they are binding on you.
THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND HOW WE USE IT
We may collect various types of information from users of this website. For example, knowing how users use our website – tracking their movement through this website – helps us improve website design and usefulness. As a result, Company’s server collects general data pertaining to users, including the length of time spent on this website, the pages accessed while visiting the website and Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. Company generally does not, however, collect any personally identifiable information such as names, home addresses or e-mail addresses from users of this website. However, a user may submit certain personally identifiable information (such as name, company name, company title, e-mail address and phone number) to us through the website to request a demonstration of our services or obtain other information about us or the services we provide, or through electronic communications (e.g., email) with Company personnel.
To the extent that you provide us with any personally identifiable information through or in connection with this website, we may use such information for Company’s business purposes, but will not disclose any personally identifiable information about you to anyone, except as permitted or required by law or regulation and to service providers. In providing personally identifiable information to Company, you consent to Company’s use of such personally identifiable information for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. Subject to the section entitled “SMS” Communications regarding collection of phone numbers, we may also share your personal information with applicable third parties in the event of a reorganization, merger, sale, acquisition, assignment, bankruptcy proceeding, or other disposition of all or a portion of our business.
SMS COMMUNICATIONS
We collect personal information such as phone numbers, names and other details provided by users to facilitate SMS communication. The information is used to send transactional messages, promotional content and other communications relevant to our services. These messages may include updates, promotions, and other relevant information.
OPT IN CONSENT
: By providing your phone number and opting in, you consent to receive SMS messages from us. Message/data rates apply. You can opt-out at any time by replying ‘STOP’ to any message you receive from us.
We may share your information with third-party service providers who assist us in delivering SMS messages. These providers are bound by confidentiality agreements and are not permitted to use your information for any other purposes.
We implement various security measures to protect your personal information from unauthorized access, disclosure, or misuse. We comply with all applicable laws and regulations regarding the collection, use, and protection of personal information, including the regulations set forth by The Campaign Registry for 10DLC compliance.
COOKIES
Information regarding how you access this website (e.g., browser type, access times and Internet Protocol (IP) address) and your hardware and software is automatically collected through the use of cookies (a small text file placed on your hard drive) or other technologies or tools. This information is used to improve website performance and for our business purposes. Where cookies are necessary for us to provide the products or services you have requested or for the functioning of this website, we will ask you to consent to their use. You may opt-in to accept cookies automatically by changing the settings on your browser. If you opt-out of certain cookies, you may not be able to access certain parts of this website. You may wish to visit www.aboutcookies.org, which contains comprehensive information about types of cookies, how they are used and how you manage your cookie preferences.
You may access any personally identifiable information we have about you by contacting
contact@salesrabbit.com
.
CAPACITY
You represent to Company that you have the authority to visit this website according to the Terms of Use. This website is only intended for individuals who are at least 18 years of age. We do not knowingly encourage or solicit visitors to this website who are under the age of 18 or knowingly collect personal information from anyone under the age of 18 without parental consent. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from an individual under the age of 18, we will delete that information.
SECURITY
Unfortunately, the transmission of information and data via the Internet is not completely secure. Although we make an effort to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of any information or data transmitted to or through our website; any transmission of information or data by you to or through this website is at your sole risk.
MISCELLANEOUS
The provisions in the Website Terms of Use are hereby incorporated by reference.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please contact
contact@salesrabbit.com
.
California Privacy Policy
Last Updated:
This California Website Privacy Policy supplements the Website Privacy Policy with respect to specific rights granted under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (as amended, the “CCPA”) to natural person California residents and provides information regarding how such California residents can exercise their rights under the CCPA. This supplement is only relevant to you if you are a resident of California as determined in accordance with the CCPA. Information required to be disclosed to California residents under the CCPA regarding the collection of their personal information that is not set forth in this CCPA supplement is otherwise set forth in the
Website Privacy Policy
. To the extent there is any conflict with the privacy requirements under the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act and/or Regulation S-P (“GLB Rights”), GLB Rights shall apply.
What does this Website Privacy Policy apply to?
This California Website Privacy Policy applies solely to your interactions with us through our Website (as defined below).
What information do we collect about you?
We collect limited types of personal information through our website, as well as through other electronic communications (e.g., emails), as applicable (collectively, the “Website”). The types of personal information we collect about you depends on the nature of your interaction with us. The categories of personal information we have collected from individuals on this Website over the last twelve (12) months include the following:
Identifiers
, such as name, contact details and address (including physical address, email address and Internet Protocol address);
Other customer records
, such as telephone number, email address and personal information provided in connection with obtaining a demonstration of our services;
Commercial information
, such as information about your company;
Professional or employment-related information
; such as your position in your company
Internet or other electronic network activity information
, such as information regarding your use of our Website (e.g., cookies, browsing history and/or search history), as well as information you provide to us when you correspond with us in relation to inquiries.
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 18.
How do we obtain your personal information?
In connection with forming and operating our Website, we collect and maintain your nonpublic personal information from the following sources:
Information from your communications with us in connection with this Website.
Information captured on our Website, including registration information, information provided through online forms and any information captured via cookies.
We may combine personal information that you provide to us with information that we collect from or about you from publicly available sources. This will include information collected in an online or offline context.
How do we use your personal information?
We will use your personal information for one or more of the following business purposes:
To provide demonstrations of our services to you.
To perform services for you.
To improve our Website and the products and services that we offer and notify you about changes to our products and services.
To communicate with you, including responding to requests for information submitted by you through our Website.
To keep a record of your relationship with us.
Ongoing operations, administrative, accounting, reporting, account maintenance and other processes.
To audit and verify the quality and effectiveness of our services and compliance.
To detect security incidents and to protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity.
To generally comply with U.S., state, local and non-U.S. laws, rules and regulations.
Additionally, we may use your personal information to keep you informed of our products and services, if you have provided your consent to us doing so, or where we have an existing relationship with you and we wish to contact you about products and services similar to those which we provide you, in which you may be interested. You may opt-in to certain kinds of marketing, or all forms of marketing at any time, by contacting us and you may unsubscribe to receiving emails by clicking on the “opt-out” or “unsubscribe” link provided in all our marketing emails.
Who do we share your personal information with?
We do not sell any of the personal information we collect about you to third parties.
We do not disclose any nonpublic personal information about you to anyone, except as permitted or required by law or regulation and to affiliates and service providers, including but not limited to administrators, lenders, banks, brokers, dealers, auditors, tax advisors, accountants, law firms, governmental agencies or pursuant to legal process, self-regulatory organizations, consultants and placement agents. We may also disclose your information to other parties as may be required by law or regulation, or in response to regulatory inquiries.
Within the last twelve (12) months, we have shared each of the categories of personal information collected in connection with this Website with affiliates and service providers as set forth above in
In the section entitled “What information do we collect about you?”.
We may also share your personal information with applicable third parties in the event of a reorganization, merger, sale, acquisition, assignment, bankruptcy proceeding, or other disposition of all or a portion of our business, assets or shares.
How do we keep your personal information secure?
We consider the protection of sensitive information to be a sound business practice, and to that end we employ appropriate organizational, physical, technical and procedural safeguards, which seek to protect your personal information in our possession or under our control to the extent possible from unauthorized access and improper use. We do not sell or share personal data that California defines as “sensitive personal information.”
Your rights under the CCPA
Deletion Rights
: You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we retain, subject to certain statutory exceptions, including, but not limited to, our compliance with U.S., state, local and non-U.S. laws, rules and regulations. We will notify you in writing if we cannot comply with a specific request and provide an explanation of the reasons.
Disclosure and Access Rights
: You have the right to request that we disclose to you certain information regarding our collection and use of personal information specific to you over the last twelve (12) months. Such information includes:
the categories of personal information we collected about you;
the categories of sources from which the personal information is collected;
our business or commercial purpose for collecting such personal information;
the categories of third parties with whom we share the personal information;
the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you; and
whether we disclosed your personal information to a third party, and, if so, the categories of personal information that each recipient obtained.
No Discrimination
: We will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights under the CCPA, including by denying service, suggesting that you will receive, or charging, different rates for services or suggesting that you will receive, or providing, a different level or quality of service to you.
How to Exercise Your Rights
: To exercise any of your rights under the CCPA, or to access this notice in an alternative format, please submit a request on your behalf using any of the methods set forth in the Contact us section below.
Contact us
For any requests relating to the exercise of your rights under the CCPA, or questions regarding our processing of your personal information, please submit or have your authorized representative submit a request using any of the methods set forth below.
Email the following email address:
contact@salesrabbit.com
.
Fill out the form:
https://salesrabbit.com/CCPA/
If you would like to contact us by telephone without incurring telephone charges, please submit your request and telephone number by email at the email address above, and we will call you between 8 a.m. and 5 p.m. Central Time.
We will contact you to confirm receipt of your request under the CCPA and request any additional information necessary to verify your request. We verify requests by matching information provided in connection with your request to information contained in our records. Depending on the sensitivity of the request and the varying levels of risk in responding to such requests (for example, the risk of responding to fraudulent or malicious requests), we may request further information or your investor portal access credentials, if applicable, in order to verify your request. You may designate an authorized agent to make a request under the CCPA on your behalf, provided that you provide a signed agreement verifying such authorized agent’s authority to make requests on your behalf, and we may verify such authorized person’s identity using the procedures above.
Our goal is to respond to any verifiable consumer request within forty-five (45) days of our receipt of such request, but in certain cases, additional time might be required. Please contact
contact@salesrabbit.com
with any questions about this California Website Privacy Policy.
EU Website Privacy Policy
Last Updated:
This EU Website Privacy Policy describes how we gather and use information for visitors of this website that are from the EU.
For the purposes of applicable EU laws, SalesRabbit and its affiliates will each be a data controller of any personal data collected by us. If you have any questions regarding our use of your personal data, or this EU Website Privacy Policy, please contact
contact@salesrabbit.com
.
We rely on various legal bases under applicable data protection legislation in order to process your personal information (e.g., name, title, address, email, marital status, date of birth, IP address, financial data, username, password, etc.), including our legitimate interests, contractual necessity and as required by law. We use the personal information we collect to operate our business and provide you with the services and products we offer and perform essential business operations. We do not collect any special categories of personal information about you (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data). Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.
If we require your personal information due to a legal requirement or obligation or in order to perform services for you, we will make you aware of this at the time we collect your personal data, and the possible consequences of you failing to provide this personal data. Failure to provide this information means that we cannot provide our services or products to you. In this case, we may have to cancel a product or service you have with us but we will notify you if this is the case at that time.
Further information about the legal bases under which we process your personal information is included in the section headed “Why we use your personal information.”
You do not need to take any action as a result of this EU Website Privacy Policy, but you do have certain rights as described below in the section headed “Your rights.”
HOW WE OBTAIN YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Information you provide to us
We collect your personal information when you decide to interact with us and we only collect the information necessary to carry out our business for the purposes set out below. You can provide us with personal information via online form, email, post, telephone and this website. We also collect information about you through automated technology.
Information provided by third parties or publicly available sources
We also process information in relation to companies that we are evaluating in connection with a potential business arrangement.
WHY WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
To the extent that you provide us with any personal information, through or in connection with this website (i.e., via online form, telephone, email or post), we may use such information for the following purposes:
To keep a record of your relationship with us – legitimate interest
To verify your identity – legal requirement
To conduct due diligence activities in  connection with an actual or prospective business arrangement with respect to which we are party to – legitimate interest
Fraud and abuse prevention – legitimate interest
Litigation management and conducting internal audits and investigations – legitimate interest
To administer and protect our business and this website -legitimate interest
To make suggestions and recommendations to you about goods or services that may be of interest to you – legitimate interest
No automated decision-making, including profiling, is used when processing your personal information.
MARKETING
We may send you direct marketing communications to keep you informed of our products and services in which you might be interested either where we have obtained your prior consent or based on our legitimate business interests where we have an existing relationship with you and we wish to contact you about similar products or services in which you may be interested. You may opt-in to certain kinds of marketing, and all forms of marketing at any time, by emailing
contact@salesrabbit.com
. You can also click on the “opt-out”/unsubscribe link provided in our marketing emails, if applicable, or by contacting contact@salesrabbit.com.
DISCLOSURE AND TRANSFER OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
Unfortunately, the transmission of information and data via the Internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of any information or data transmitted to or through this website; any transmission of information or data by you to or through this website is at your sole risk.
Your personal information will be shared with and processed by our affiliates and certain service providers as necessary to fulfil the purposes set out in this policy, including employees, administrators, data processors, data hosting providers and persons employed and/or retained by them. We seek assurances that our standards for data security are met by anyone who enters into an agreement providing a service to, or for us, involving personal data. To the extent your personal information is transferred to countries outside of the EEA, such transfers will only be made in accordance with applicable data privacy laws. For further information about the safeguards/derogations used, please contact
contact@salesrabbit.com
.
We reserve the right to disclose your personal information as required by law, or when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, request from a regulator, national security, for the purposes of public importance or any other legal or investigatory process involving us. Should we, or any of our affiliated entities, be the subject of a takeover, divestment or acquisition, we may disclose your personal information to the new owner of the relevant business and their advisors on the basis of our legitimate interest.
SECURITY AND RETENTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We are committed to protecting the personal information you entrust to us. We adopt robust and appropriate technologies and policies, so the information we have about you is protected to the extent possible from unauthorized access and improper use. In addition, we limit access to your personal information to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal information breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
We will keep your personal information only for as long as is reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this EU Website Privacy Policy, unless a longer retention period is required by law. We will not keep more information than we need for those purposes. For further information about how long we will keep your personal information, please contact
contact@salesrabbit.com
.
CAPACITY
This website is only intended for individuals who are at least 18 years of age. We do not knowingly encourage or solicit visitors to this website who are under the age of 18 or knowingly collect personal information from anyone under the age of 18 without parental consent. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from an individual under the age of 18, we will delete that information.
COOKIES
Information regarding how you access this website (e.g., browser type, access times and Internet Protocol (IP) address) and your hardware and software is automatically collected through the use of cookies (a small text file placed on your hard drive) or other technologies or tools. This information is used to improve website performance and for our business purposes. Where cookies are not necessary for us to provide the products or services you have requested or for the functioning of this website, we will ask you to consent to their use. You may opt-in to accept cookies automatically by changing the settings on your browser. If you opt-out of certain cookies, you may not be able to access certain parts of this website. You may wish to visit www.aboutcookies.org, which contains comprehensive information about types of cookies, how they are used and how you manage your cookie preferences.
YOUR RIGHTS
You have the right to access the personal information we hold about you, and there are a number of ways you can control the way in which and what information we store and process about you. To exercise these rights and controls, please contact
contact@salesrabbit.com
.
Access
: You have the right to ask for a copy of the personal information that we hold about you free of charge; however, we may charge a “reasonable fee,” if we think that your request is excessive, to help us cover the costs of locating the information you have requested.
Correction
: You may notify us of changes to your personal information if it is inaccurate or it needs to be updated.
Deletion
: If you think that we should not be holding or processing your personal information any more, you may request that we delete it. Please note that this may not always be possible due to legal obligations.
Restrictions on use
: You may request that we stop processing your personal information (other than storing it), if: (i) you contest the accuracy of it (until the accuracy is verified); (ii) you believe the processing is against the law; (iii) you believe that we no longer need your data for the purposes for which it was collected, but you still need your data to establish or defend a legal claim; or (iv) you object to the processing, and we are verifying whether our legitimate grounds to process your personal information, override your own rights.
Object
: You have the right to object to processing, including: (i) for direct marketing; (ii) for research or statistical purposes; or (iii) where processing is based on legitimate interests.
Portability
: If you wish to transfer your personal information to another organization (and certain conditions are satisfied), you may ask us to do so, and we will send it directly if we have the technical means.
Withdrawal of consent
: If you previously gave us your consent (by a clear affirmative action) to allow us to process your personal information for a particular purpose, but you no longer wish to consent to us doing so, you can contact us to let us know that you withdraw that consent.
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal information (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
NOTIFICATION OF CHANGES
We reserve the right to amend this EU Website Privacy Policy from time to time by updating this EU Website Privacy Policy. If we decide to change our EU Website Privacy Policy, we will post those changes so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any point we decide to collect personal information or use any collected information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify applicable users. We will use information only in accordance with this EU Website Privacy Policy under which the information was collected.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions or concerns about this EU Website Privacy Policy, please contact
contact@salesrabbit.com
.
Previous
Privacy Policy (2023-09-01)
Privacy Policy (2021-06-18)
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://go.salesrabbit.com/privacy-policy-2024-06-26:

Sub-policy 1
https://www.diversis.com/privacy-policy/:
Newsletter
Subscribe to our newspaper. Be informed about all new themes and updates.
Latest Portfolio
Latest additions to our portfolio. Companies we are proud of.
Home
About
Team
Portfolio
Careers
News
Contact Us
Website Privacy Policy
OUR COMMITMENT TO PRIVACY
Visitors that are residents of California should refer to our
California Website Privacy Policy
supplement below.
Visitors that are residents of the United Kingdom, the European Union or the European Economic Area should refer to our
EU Privacy Notice
.
Your privacy is important to Diversis Capital Management, L.P. and its affiliates (together, “Diversis,” “our,” “us,” “we” or “company”). To better protect your privacy, we are providing information explaining our online information practices.
This Website Privacy Policy (this “Privacy Policy”) describes how we gather and use information for visitors of this website. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. If you do not agree with any of the terms and conditions contained herein, please do not access or otherwise use this website.
This Privacy Policy constitutes a legally binding agreement between Diversis and you, the user of this website. By entering and using this website, you acknowledge your acceptance of, and agree to be bound by, the Privacy Policy stated herein, our
Terms of Use
and all additional terms incorporated by reference herein. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not access or use this website.
THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND HOW WE USE IT
We may collect various types of information from users of this website. For example, knowing how users use our website – tracking their movement through this website – helps us improve website design and usefulness. As a result, Diversis’ server collects general data pertaining to users, including the length of time spent on this website, the pages accessed while visiting the website and Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. Diversis generally does not, however, collect any personally identifiable information such as names, home addresses or e-mail addresses from users of this website, unless a user submits such information to us through the website, or through electronic communications (e.g., email) with Diversis personnel.
To the extent that you provide us with any personally identifiable information through or in connection with this website, we may use such information for Diversis’ business purposes, but will not disclose any personally identifiable information about you to anyone, except as permitted or required by law or regulation and to service providers. In providing personally identifiable information to Diversis, you consent to Diversis’ use of such personally identifiable information for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. We may also share your personal information with applicable third parties in the event of a reorganization, merger, sale, acquisition, assignment, bankruptcy proceeding, or other disposition of all or a portion of our business, assets or shares.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information and data via the Internet is not completely secure. Although we make an effort to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of any information or data transmitted to or through our website; any transmission of information or data by you to or through this website is at your sole risk.
CAPACITY
You represent to Diversis that you have the authority to visit this website according to the
Terms of Use
. This website is only intended for individuals who are at least 18 years of age. We do not knowingly encourage or solicit visitors to this website who are under the age of 18 or knowingly collect personal information from anyone under the age of 18 without parental consent. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from an individual under the age of 18, we will delete that information.
COOKIES
Information regarding how you access this website (e.g., browser type, access times and Internet Protocol (IP) address) and your hardware and software is automatically collected through the use of cookies (a small text file placed on your hard drive) or other technologies or tools. This information is used to improve website performance and for our business purposes. Where cookies are not necessary for us to provide the products or services you have requested or for the functioning of this website, we will ask you to consent to their use. You may opt-in to accept cookies automatically by changing the settings on your browser. If you opt-out of certain cookies, you may not be able to access certain parts of this website. You may wish to visit www.aboutcookies.org, which contains comprehensive information about types of cookies, how they are used and how you manage your cookie preferences.
You may access any personally identifiable information we have about you by contacting
dataprivacy@diversis.com
.
NOTIFICATION OF CHANGES
We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Policy from time to time and for any reason, in our sole discretion, without notice, by updating this Privacy Policy. Accordingly, users are strongly encouraged to review our Privacy Policy regularly. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any point we decide to collect personal information or use any collected information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by posting changes on this page. We will use information only in accordance with the version of the Privacy Policy under which the information was collected. Your continued access or use of this website following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy means that you accept such revisions, changes and/or amendments. If you object to any of the changes to this Privacy Policy, please stop accessing this website. Please check this page frequently and review any changes to this Privacy Policy carefully so you are aware of any changes, as they are binding on you.
MISCELLANEOUS
The provisions in our
Terms of Use
are hereby incorporated by reference.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please contact
dataprivacy@diversis.com
.
Sub-policy 2
https://go.salesrabbit.com/privacy-policy-2023-09-01:

Sub-policy 3
https://go.salesrabbit.com/privacy-policy-2021-06-18:
