Privacy Policy Updated on 2017-04-10
This privacy statement describes how
MyTraining
collects and uses the personal information you provide.
Collection and Use
We collect the following personal information from you: C
ontact Information such as name, email address; U
nique Identifiers such as user name, password; Usage activity about how you interact with us such as purchase history, what content you viewed, and which areas of our app you visited; Device Information.
Send you push notifications when you are using our app. If you do not want these notifications, you can manage your preference either through your device or app settings depending on your device type. You can also contact us at mytraining@mytraining.pro
Sharing Your Information
We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement:
We may disclose your personal information;
As required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process;
When we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;
If MyTraining is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information;
To any other third party with your prior consent to do so.
Security
The security of your personal information is important to us.
We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
If you have any questions about security on our app, you can contact us at
mytraining@mytraining.pro
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services contact us at
mytraining@mytraining.pro
. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Other Information
Our App offers publicly accessible blogs or community forums. You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. To request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum, contact us at
mytraining@mytraining.pro
. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so.
Correcting and Updating Your Personal Information
To review and update your personal information to ensure it is accurate, contact us at
mytraining@mytraining.pro
.
Notification of Privacy Statement Changes
We may update this privacy statement to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
Contact
You can contact us about this privacy statement by email:
mytraining@mytraining.pro