Privacy Policy
Effective date:
        November 01, 2018
Modesitt Software
        ("us", "we", or "our") operates the mobile or desktop
        application (the "App").
This page informs you
        of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of
        personal data when you use our App and the choices you have
        associated with that data.
Unless otherwise
        defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy
        Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.
Information Collection
        And Use
We may collect several
        different types of information for various purposes to provide
        and improve our App for you.
Types of Data
        Collected
Personal Data
We
do not
collect any personal data.
Tracking & Cookies
        Data
The web browsers in the
        app, if any, may use cookies and similar tracking technologies
        to track the activity on our App and hold certain information.
Cookies are files with
        small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique
        identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and
        stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are
        beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and
        to improve and analyze our App.
You can instruct your
        browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is
        being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not
        be able to use some portions of our App.
Examples of Cookies the
        app may use:
Session
            Cookies.
the app may use Session Cookies to operate
          the App.
Preference
            Cookies.
the app may use Preference Cookies to
          remember your preferences and various settings.
Security
            Cookies.
the app use Security Cookies for security
          purposes.
Use of Data
Modesitt Software may
        use the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and
          maintain the App
To allow you to
          participate in interactive features of our App when you choose
          to do so
Transfer Of Data
Modesitt Software will
        take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is
        treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and
        no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an
        organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in
        place including the security of your data and other personal
        information.
Security Of Data
The security of your
        data is important to us, but remember that no method of
        transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage
        is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable
        means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its
        absolute security.
Links To Other Sites
Our App may contain
        links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click
        on a third party link, you will be directed to that third
        party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy
        Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over
        and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies
        or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children's Privacy
Our App does not
        address anyone under the age of 18 ("Children").
Changes To This
        Privacy Policy
We may update our
        Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any
        changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know
        via a prominent notice on our App, prior to the change becoming
        effective and update the "effective date" at the top of this
        Privacy Policy.
You are advised to
        review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes
        to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on
        this page.
Contact Us
If you have any
        questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By visiting this
          page on our website:
http://modesittsoftware.com/contact.html