Pixster Studio
About Pixster
Products
Team
Career
Blogs
Privacy Policy
Where this Policy applies?
This privacy Policy is for the users of Pixster Studio website and the applications owned by Pixster Studio.The application are made for the benefit and entertainment of user and the website is built to provide information, publication, marketing, promotions and reference materials for applications.
This Privacy Policy applies to websites, apps and other services operated by Pixster Studio. For simplicity, we refer to all of these as our “services” or “apps” in this Privacy Policy.
In what circumstances do we obtain the information from the user and how it is used?
It goes without saying, we can’t help you have an awesome user experience without some information about you,
When you register on our resources like website or application some information is stored such as name, password, date of birth, contact number and contact address etc. Also when you register through third party app like Facebook and gmail your some data is collected.
Information you give us
You choose to give us certain information when using our services. This includes:
• When you create an account in some of our services, you provide us with your login credentials, such as email address, name and password.
• To use certain features in our services, you may allow us to access your camera or the microphone. Depending on your device, Apple and Android system will ask for your permission before allowing us to access these features.
• Features that allow you to share content about your use of our services with your connections or through your social network.
• We will also collect your Information when you use our app such as when you post or share material, upload data, request further services or make selections using our app, if such functionality is available in the app.
Information collected when you use our services
When you use our services, we collect information about which features you’ve used, how you’ve used them and the devices you use to access our services. See below for more details:
• Usage Information
• We collect information about your activity on our services, for instance how you use them (e.g., date and time you logged in, time spent in the app, features you’ve been using, advertising that you click on).
• Movement Data: If you opt-in, some services (e.g. Pixster Studio’s sleep tracker app, Good Mornings) may collect movement data from your device.
• Device information
We collect information from and about the device(s) you use to access our services, including:
Geolocation data, which is any information which indicates the geographical position of your device and which may include the time the location was recorded, and may include precise (e.g., GPS-level) location data. Some apps may collect this data when the app is not open or actively in use. This may help us or third parties to customize information, content, or offers to you, for instance.
information on your wireless and mobile network connection, like your service provider and signal strength.
hardware and software information such as IP address, device ID and type, app crashes, app version, advertising IDs (such as Google’s AdvertisingID and Apple’s IDFA, both of which are randomly generated numbers that you can reset by going into your device’s settings), browser type, version and language, operating system, time zones, identifiers associated with cookies or other technologies that may uniquely identify your device or browser (e.g., IMEI/UDID and MAC address).
How we use information.
While using the Site, you shall not:
The main reason we use your information is to deliver and improve our services. Additionally, we use your info to help keep you safe and to communicate with you. Read on for a more detailed explanation of the various reasons we use your information, together with practical examples. This data is used for Analytics, contacting the user. Monitoring, sometimes advertising etc.
To administer your account and provide our services to you
Deliver our services to you and ensure their optimal functionality and operation.
Identify, establish and manage your account and our relationship with you.
Provide you with customer support and respond to your requests.
We use your email address, name, country and language for customized marketing purposes.
When we collect your precise geolocation data (subject to your consent) (which may be via the device’s cellular, Wi-Fi, Global Positioning System (GPS) networks and/or Bluetooth information), we do so to provide you with our location-related products and services, for example to provide you with forecast and weather alerts for your location, and also to facilitate, measure, or otherwise support advertising by third parties (through our apps or third parties’ apps) that may be related to your location over time.
Some of our apps may offer you the ability to register and login using your third party social media account details (like your Facebook or Twitter logins). Where you choose to do this, we will receive certain profile information about you from your social media provider. The profile information we receive may vary depending on the app you are using, and on the social media provider concerned, but may often include your name, e-mail address, mobile phone number and friends list. We will use the information we receive only for the purposes that are described in this Privacy Policy or that are otherwise made clear to you in the app you are using. Please note that we do not control, and are not responsible for, other uses of your personal information by your third party social media provider. We recommend that you see their privacy policy to understand how they collect, use and share your information, and how you can set your privacy preferences on their sites and apps.
If you have registered with an app using your social media account details, we may use the information we receive from your social media provider to identify which of your friends are also using our services so that you can connect with them in our app.
In some services, to ensure a consistent experience across your devices
Link the various apps and devices you use, so that you can enjoy a consistent experience of our services on all of them. This will allow us to form a single view of your use of our services, so you can easily access your content on multiple devices. For this purpose and better user experience generally, we may use and combine your personal information which we collect across different services used by you.
To improve our services and develop new ones
Develop new features and services (for example, we may decide to build a new feature further to requests or feedback received from users).
Pixster Studio uses the Google Analytics tool Firebase in order to carry out analysis on information which is gathered by our apps. Device information and other information which we gather are provided to Google in order to enable them to carry out data analysis. Any information which is provided to Google will become subject to Google’s privacy policy which is located here:
www.google.com/privacy.html
. For further information on how Google’s Firebase analytics tool uses data, please see the site “How Google uses data when you use our partners’ sites or apps”, (located at
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
).
Conduct research and analysis of your behavior about your use of, or interest in, our products, services, or content to improve our services and content (for instance, we may decide to change the look and feel or even substantially modify a given feature based on users’ behavior). This software may record information such as how often you use the services, what happens within the services, aggregated usage, performance data, app errors and debugging information, and where the apps were downloaded from.
To communicate with you
Communicate with you by postal mail, telephone and/or mobile devices (including through in-application advertising) about products or services that may be of interest to you either from us, our parent or subsidiary companies or other third parties. If you do not wish to receive in-application advertising, in some cases you can upgrade to the paid version of the app.
When you share your information with us via a social network provider like Facebook, we use this to show information on your social network profile (subject to your privacy setting and preferences for such social network) and to allow you to share information about our services with your connections or on your social network profile.
With your consent (where needed), to send you email marketing in order to provide you with information about services that you may find of interest. We also send you non-marketing emails or messages, such as those related to transactions, your account, security, or product changes. Examples of service-related messages include an email address confirmation/welcome email when you register your account, service availability or modification of key features or functions.
To serve you relevant offers and ads
Develop and display content and advertising (and work with third parties who do so) tailored to your interests and/or location and to measure its effectiveness. When you are on our services, third-party ad partners may provide you with advertising based upon your interests. These companies may use technologies to collect data about users, including precise device location data, to help them tailor relevant ads and measure ads’ effectiveness. These companies may collect this data through SDKs or from users who view or interact with their advertisements. For the purposes of European law, most of these ad partners are independent controllers of your information, which means that they are responsible for providing and complying with their own policies relating to any personal information they obtain in connection with the services. It also means that if you are a Facebook app user for example – you provided consent to Facebook in your Facebook app to allow them to show you personalized ads inside of our services.
Verify your eligibility and deliver prizes in connection with contests and sweepstakes and in order to conduct polls and surveys;
To prevent, detect and fight fraud or other illegal or unauthorized activities
Perform data analysis to better understand and design countermeasures against these activities
Retain data related to fraudulent activities to prevent against recurrences
To ensure legal compliance
Comply with legal requirements
Assist law enforcement
Enforce or exercise our rights.
To process your information as described above, we rely on the following legal bases:
Provide our service to you: Most of the time, the reason we process your information is to perform the contract that you have with us. For instance, as you go about using our service, we use your information to maintain your account and provide our cool features to you.
Legitimate interests: We may use your information where we have legitimate interests to do so. For instance, we analyze users’ behavior on our services to continuously improve our offerings and we process information for administrative, fraud detection and other legal purposes.
Consent: From time to time, we may ask for your consent to use your information for certain specific reasons. You may withdraw your consent at any time where indicated in the services or by contacting us at the address provided at the end of this Privacy Policy.
In addition, the Application and/or Website may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile devices unique device ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browsers you use, and information about the way you use the Application and/or Website.
Cookies and some other similar data collection technologies
We sometimes work with third parties to deliver ads or offers. Sometimes we or these third parties do so through a mobile “SDK.” The SDK is a bit of computer code that app developers can include in their apps to enable data to be collected and ads to be shown. We may use this and similar technology to deliver certain advertising through mobile applications and browsers based on data associated with your mobile device, and we may work with third parties who likewise embed their SDKs into our services, for third party advertising. If you’d like to opt-out from having ads tailored to you in this way on your mobile device, please follow the instructions below or in the app (as applicable).
If you wish to opt out of interest-based tracking through your mobile device, you can do so through your device “settings”, as follows (but please note that the below is for informational purposes only and Apple, Google, or other device platforms may change the manner in which their “opt out” settings work at any time): Please note that if you opt out through these settings, you will continue to receive advertising after you opt-out, but it may not be tailored to your interests. For instance, that advertising may be based on your real-time or “contextual” application usage or general location inferred from IP address.
Opting Out on iOS Devices Such as iPhones, iPads or iPods
If you have an Apple device, you can opt out of interest-based advertising by updating to iOS 6.0 or higher, and setting Limit Ad Tracking to ‘ON’. On an iPhone 6 for example, you can do this by clicking on Settings -> General -> Privacy -> Advertising and toggling “Limit Ad Tracking” to ‘ON’. Our systems are designed to respect your choice and not use your personal information to provide interest-based advertising when this setting is ON.
Opting Out on Android Devices
If you have an Android device and would like to opt out of interest-based advertising, you may do this as follows:
Open the Settings app on your device
Go to “Google”
Select Ads
Opt out of interest-based ads
Is our exact location tracked?
No your location is not tracked exactly, just the overview of location maybe city or town.
Do you share our details with third parties?
Yes we do but in rare case or with the one who we trust as our business partners.
On the request of government or to identify the fraud.
Data Retention Policy.
We retain the the data till you use the application or website. Once you delete the account from the application your data will be removed.
Access to personal data.
While using the Site, you shall not:
You can make change in your data as and when you want by using  the application. Even you can remove the account.
Data from Children.
We do not make application for children and the use of website is also not for children. If any data is gathered by minor than it will be purely unknowingly.
Protecting Data.
We secure our website and other systems against loss, destruction, unauthorised access, modification or distribution of your data by unauthorised persons by implementing the appropriate technical and organisational measures.
We will maintain adequate technical and organisational security measures to protect personally identifiable information. As a policy, we secure each web page that collects personal information; however, the confidentiality of
personal information transmitted over the Internet will not be guaranteed. We urge you to exercise caution when transmitting personal information over the Internet. We are committed to maintain privacy of our clients and shall
adopt all the measures to prevent leakage of personal information relating to our clients. However, we shall not be held responsible for any loss arising out of access and usage of unauthorised personal information by an
unauthorised third party despite using all due measures by us. We are not obliged to store your Information for a period which is beyond the intended purpose for which such Information was collected or submitted.
Your Rights
We want you to be in control of your information and be aware of your privacy rights, so here are a few key points to remember:
Depending on your location you may have some or all of the following rights in relation to how we use your personal information:
Access: you may request access to your personal information and receive copies of it;
Correction: you may have inaccurate/incomplete personal information corrected and updated;
Object to, or Limit or Restrict, Use of Data: you can ask us to stop using all or some of your personal information or to limit our use of it.
Deletion: in certain circumstances, you can request a right “to be forgotten” (this is a right to have your information deleted or our use of your data restricted). We will honour such requests unless we have to retain this information to comply with a legal obligation or unless we have an overriding interest to retain it.
Portability: in certain circumstances, exercise the right to data portability (this is a right to obtain a transferable version of your personal information to transfer to another provider)
Consent Management: where we rely on consent to process your personal data, you may withdraw consent at any time. You do not have to provide a reason for your withdrawal where processing is based on consent.
If you wish to exercise any of these rights, or wish to object to our use of your information, please write to us at the address listed below and we will consider your request in accordance with applicable laws.
Keep in mind, we may reject requests for certain reasons, including if the request is unlawful or if it may infringe on the rights and freedoms of another person. For example, we may not be able to accommodate certain requests to object to the processing of personal information, notably where such requests would not allow us to provide our service to you anymore.
For your protection, we may ask you to provide proof of identity before we can answer the above requests.
Changes to this Policy
We reserve the right to update our Privacy Policy as and when need arises so as to reflect our current privacy practices. When we make certain changes, we will revise the “last updated” date at the top of this page. But our commitment to protect the privacy of website users will continue to remain.
Questions
Please
Contact Us
if you have any questions about Pixster Studio’s privacy policy or other legal guidelines.