We, init innovation in traffic systems SE, are pleased that you are interested in our mobile app DeparturesLive. We take the protection of your privacy very seriously. For this reason, we always treat your data confidentially and in accordance with data protection laws (in particular the EU General Data Protection Regulation).
The sections below contain information on the extent to which we process your personal data, and for which purposes, when you decide to use our app.
1.    General information
We collect, utilize, or store ("process") your personal data in order to ensure the proper functioning of the services we offer you. Personal data means any information that can be used to identify a person, i.e. information that can be traced back to an individual. This includes names, addresses, e-mail addresses, and telephone numbers.
The controller responsible for data processing under Article 4 (7) GDPR is:
INIT Innovative Informatikanwendungen in Transport-, Verkehrs- und Leitsystemen GmbH,
Käppelestraße 4-10
76131 Karlsruhe
Germany
Tel.: +49.721.6100.0
Fax: +49.721.6100.399
E-mail:
support-app
_prefix
@initse.
_suffix
com
Represented by the Managing Directors:
Dr. Gottfried Greschner, Mario Baumgärtner, Joachim Becker, Dr. Jürgen Greschner, Klaus Janke, Matthias Kühn, Andreas Mörder
If you have any general questions about data protection, you can contact our data protection officer:
Georg Biel
Data protection officer via Dekra
E-mail:
georg
_prefix
@biel-it.
_suffix
de
Biel-IT UG
Obrunnweg 24
64739 Höchst
Please address all questions, suggestions, and comments regarding our app to:
support-app
_prefix
@initse.
_suffix
com
.
2.    Data processing, app functions
a.    Downloading
When you download the app to your mobile device, information needed to complete the downloading process is sent to the app store in question (Android: Google Play Store; iOS: Apple App Store). In particular, the data collected consists of information about your account, the download time, and the individual device ID. This data processing is based on Article 6 (1) (b) GDPR.
b.    Use of the app
Only the following data is collected when you use our app:
IP address
Used device
Operating system, incl. system version
App installation ID
This data processing is based on Article 6 (1) (b) GDPR. This data is only stored on your device, and only for the duration of the respective app session.
c.    Feedback function
Our app has an integrated feedback function through which you can contact us in order to provide us with your opinion on our app or suggestions for improvements, for example. When you use this function, we are able to see your e-mail address and the data transmitted by the app, which also may include personal data. No other personal data is processed, unless you disclose this to us in your message. This data processing is based on your consent pursuant to Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR. We store feedback messages only for as long as they assist us with app improvements, but no longer than 2 years.
If you do not use this function, no such data will be processed.
3.    Permissions
Our app asks you for permission to access various technical functions on your device. For this, your explicit consent as set out in Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR is required. You can grant this consent by tapping the corresponding button on your device, after which the app will be able to access the functions. The exact procedure depends on the used device, the manufacturer's operating system features, and the operating system versions.
Consent can be withdrawn by deactivating the access permission in the corresponding subitem in the system settings of your mobile device. Please note that such a withdrawal of consent can limit the usability of our app.
We use the granted permissions as follows:
a. Push notifications
Push notifications are messages that a server with a push operation sends to certain mobile devices. Such messages are then received and can be seen by the respective user even if the corresponding application is closed at the time.We use this function to show you information that might be of interest to you as an Departureslive user. In particular, such information may pertain to:
Your current trip (if you are using the travel companion feature for your trip)
b
. Location data
Most of the services we provide through our app are location-based (e.g. display of a device's current position). We therefore need access to your device's GPS function.
c.    Camera function
Our app needs to access the camera in your mobile device in order to provide you with augmented reality services. Our augmented reality feature makes it possible to visually depict the position of stops and stations in the user's vicinity on the device screen and then integrate these images into the real surroundings. The camera is only accessed when the "Augmented Reality" feature is activated. No data is stored.
4.    Processing location, recipients of personal data
In general, your personal data is stored on servers in Germany. However, if we use the services of a third party for components of our app and offer such third-party features to you in the app, data may also have to be processed in other countries of the European Union or countries outside the European Union. If in order to safeguard the smooth functioning of our app it becomes necessary to transfer data to a non-EU country, data protection will be ensured by limiting the recipients of such data to countries with adequate data protection regulations that are similar to the provisions of the EU General Data Protection Regulation. This is the case, for example, if the European Commission has adopted an implementing act based on an adequacy decision, or if "appropriate safeguards" are in place (Articles 44 ff. GDPR).
a.    Google Maps, Apple Maps
If you use an Android system, our app will access Google Maps, a map service provided by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA, in order to visually present geographic content.
If you use an iOS device, our app will integrate Apple Maps, a map service provided by Apple Inc., 1 Infinite Loop, Cupertino, CA 95014, USA.
By integrating the map services, we seek to improve the usability and utility of our app by providing you with a quick and clear overview of your local transport connection possibilities at any given time. This represents a legitimate interest under Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR.
When you use map services, Google/Apple process data on how you use the map features. You will find more information on this in the privacy policies of the two companies:
Google Maps:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Apple Maps:
https://www.apple.com/privacy/
b.    Google Analytics
Our app utilizes (optionally) the app analysis service offered by Google Inc. ("Google"). This service is enabled by default when the app is launched for the first time. It can be deactivated at any time.
The information generated about your use of the app is generally transmitted to and stored by Google on a server in the USA. We have integrated an IP address-masking feature that ensures all data is transferred anonymously. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transmitted to a Google server in the USA and truncated there.
Google uses the information collected in order to evaluate your use of the app, compile reports on activities, and provide us with other services relating to app usage. The IP address provided by your browser to Google Analytics will not be merged with other Google data.
The use of Google Analytics enables us to design our app in a user-friendly manner with a focus on user interests. This represents a legitimate interest within the meaning of Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR.
Further information on data protection in connection with Google Analytics can be found at:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
.
5.    Your rights
You have the right to obtain confirmation as to whether or not we process the data we request from you; you also have the right to receive information on the nature of such data. You have the right to demand rectification of inaccurate personal data, have your personal data deleted, or have its processing restricted, and you also have the right to object to the processing of your personal data. You have the right to withdraw your consent to the processing of your data at any time, effective for the future. You have the right to demand that your data be transferred to yourself and to another controller. You have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority if you have reasonable grounds to believe that we processed your personal data improperly. Please note that you will not be able to exercise your rights, or only be able to exercise them to a limited extent, where these are contrary to legal, statutory, or contractual retention periods, or if the data in question is needed to establish, design the content of, or alter your contractual relationship with us.
6.    Updating the Privacy Notice
We reserve the right to change or adjust this Privacy Notice from time to time, particularly if changes are made to app functions or new legal regulations come into effect. Please therefore always refer to the latest version of our Privacy Notice.
As of: September 2019