BinaryPattern
iOS Apps
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy explains how information is collected, used and disclosed by BinaryPattern LLC with respect to your access and use of our services through our mobile applications and website. This Privacy Policy doesn't apply to any third-party websites, services or applications that can be accessed through our services.
Any information that is collected is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is collected. We may, however, modify and revise our Privacy Policy from time-to-time. If we make any material changes to this policy, we will notify you of such changes by posting them on our website, through our services or by sending you an email or other notification, and we will indicate when such changes will become effective. By continuing to access or use our services after those changes become effective, you are agreeing to be bound by the revised policy.
Information You Provide
We will store the contents of your messages, both sent and received, and any files (such as photos) attached to those messages so that you may access them at any time from any authenticated device.
Information We Collect
We collect certain information that your mobile device or computer send when you use our services, like a device identifier, user settings, and the operating system, as well as information about your use of our services through your device. We also collect certain information that your web browser sends when you visit our website, like the IP address, browser, referring/exit pages and URLs, pages viewed, and other such information about your use of our services.
Face Data Collection and Use
Our AI Headshots app allows users to upload a photo of their face to generate an AI-enhanced image in different styles, exactly as advertised. These images are uploaded with the user's explicit consent and are used exclusively for this purpose. We do not use the uploaded images for facial recognition, biometric identification, or any automated face analysis beyond generating AI-enhanced images. To create the AI-enhanced image, the photo may be shared with third-party service providers that process the image strictly as part of the service. These providers do not retain or use the images beyond fulfilling the request. We take reasonable steps to store the uploaded photos securely and protect them to the best of our ability. Photos are retained to allow users to generate additional images but can be deleted upon request by contacting support. If no deletion request is made, images will be automatically deleted after one year of the user's last interaction with the app.
Information Collected by Others
We may use analytics providers to help us understand the use of our services. These providers will collect the information sent by your mobile device or browser, and their use of that information is governed by their applicable privacy policy.
How We Use the Information We Collect
We use the information we collect to provide our services, to respond to inquiries, to personalize and improve our services and your experiences when you use our services, to monitor and analyze usage and trends of our services, to send you administrative messages regarding the operation and use of our services, and for any other purpose for which the information was collected.
Information We Share With Others
We will share information about you when you instruct us to do so, or if we notify you that the information you provide will be shared in a particular manner and you provide such information.
We may share information about you in anonymous and/or aggregated form with third parties for usage analytics (to help us better understand who is using our services and how), and for industry analysis, demographic profiling, research, and other similar purposes.
Your information may be accessed and used by our service providers who are working with us in connection with the operation of our services (these service providers may have access to your information but only to the extent necessary to perform services on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose that information or use it for any other purposes).
We may share information about you if we are (or if we believe we are) required by law or legal process (such as a subpoena, warrant or court order), if we have to respond to a lawful request from legal authorities to disclose such information, or if we need to enforce or apply this Privacy Policy, our Terms or our other policies.
We may transfer and/or provide information about our users in connection with an acquisition, sale of company assets, or other situation where user information would be transferred as one of our business assets.
Mobile Information and Opt-Out
Mobile information will not be shared with third parties/affiliates for marketing/promotional purposes. All the above categories exclude text messaging originator opt-in data and consent; this information will not be shared with any third parties.
If you wish to be removed from receiving future communications, you can opt out by texting STOP, QUIT, END, REVOKE, OPT OUT, CANCEL, or UNSUBSCRIBE.
How to Access Your Information
You can access and modify the information you provided us through your account. We may retain an archived copy of your information as required by law and/or for record keeping purposes. Once your account is deleted, you will no longer have access to your message history, preferences or any other information associated with your use of our services. Even after you remove information from your account or profile, copies of that information may remain viewable elsewhere, to the extent it has been shared with others, it was otherwise distributed pursuant to your privacy settings, or it was copied or stored by other users.
Security Measures We Take To Protect Your Information
We employ administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to protect your information from unauthorized access, however, despite these efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable and no method of data transmission can be guaranteed against any interception or other type of misuse. In the event that your personal information is compromised as a result of a breach of security, we will promptly notify you if your personal information has been compromised, as required by applicable law.