XMEye
App Privacy Policy
Update date  :
2021-01-04
Effective date:
2023-01-05
Hangzhou+Xiongmai+Information+Technology+Co.%2C+Ltd.
and its subsidiaries (hereinafter collectively referred to as "we" or "
") are committed to protecting your personal privacy. This mobile privacy
    policy (hereinafter referred to as "this policy") describes how we handle personal information and protect
    information privacy during your use of the following services, products and related mobile applications
    (collectively referred to as "products").
Chapter I
One. Overview
When you interact with our products, please be sure to read this privacy policy carefully and understand our purpose
    and security measures for collecting and processing your personal data, including how we use, store, share and
    transfer personal data. In this policy, you can enforce your privacy rights, access rights, and deletion rights to
    personal data through our instructions.
When you agree to this privacy policy, or start and continue to use our products or services in an appropriate way,
    and fail to contact us in an appropriate way to express contrary opinions, we will consider that you fully
    understand and agree to this policy. During the reading process, if you have any questions, comments, suggestions or
    complaints, please contact us through the following contact methods:
Customer Service:
or
Privacy Office:
For the mobile applications of other brands that provide support services by
, our customers will decide which personal information to collect through our
    products, so this privacy policy does not apply to the principles of other brands' collection or processing of
    personal information. We collect information according to the customer's request, and the processing of such
    information is limited to providing the services agreed upon by the customer and us. If you are a user of our
    customer, and you do not want customers who use our services to contact you, please contact the customer directly
    and inform your request.
Two. Definition
1. Personal information:
various information that can be used alone or in combination
    with other information that can be used to identify individuals or reflect specific personal activities.
2、Personal sensitive data:
including precise location information. When we provide you
    with a specific product or service and the collection of sensitive personal data is involved, we will obtain your
    consent through a noticeable and clear notice before collecting sensitive personal data about you.
3、Smart devices:
refers to non-standard computing devices produced or manufactured by
    hardware manufacturers that have a human-machine interface and can transmit information through a wireless network,
    including monitoring head shaking machines, driving recorders, etc.
4、Application:
refers to the mobile application developed by
, which can help terminal
    users to remotely control smart devices.
Chapter II Information Collection
In order to provide you with our services, we will ask you to provide the personal information necessary for such
    services. If you do not provide personal information, we may not be able to provide you with our products or
    services.
One. Voluntary provision
1、Account or personal profile information:When you register for our account, we may collect your name, such as your email address, phone number, user name and login credentials. During your interaction with
    our products, we may further collect the nickname, country code, language preference or time zone information in
    your account.
    If you choose to authorize the use of a third-party account to log in, we will obtain your shared account
    information (such as nickname, region, gender, etc.) from the third party and bind it to your
account for
    quick login. We will follow The agreement of the third party, as well as the terms related to the sharing of
    personal information in the privacy policy published by the third party, shall use your personal information under
    the premise of complying with relevant laws and regulations.
2、Feedback: When you use the feedback and suggestion functions in our products, we will collect your email address,
    mobile phone number, feedback content and operation logs in order to deal with your problems and equipment failures
    in a timely manner.
At the same time, according to different application products and services,
will collect corresponding and necessary personal information in order to provide you with products and services.
    Under normal circumstances, we will need to collect product serial numbers and product verification codes. This type
    of information is unique basic product information, and it is the basic information that must be collected to bind
    the product and further provide you with remote access services.
Two. Automatic collection
1、Device information:When you interact with our products, we will automatically collect device information, such as
    the device’s MAC address, IP address, wireless connection information, operating system type and version,
    application version number, push notification identifier, Log files and mobile network information.
2、Usage information:During your interaction with our website and services, we will automatically collect usage
    information related to visits, clicks, downloads, sending/receiving messages and other usage of our website and
    services.
3、Log information:When you use our application, system and exception logs may be uploaded, including your IP address,
    language, operating system version, date or time of access, etc.
Please note that separate device information and service log information are information that cannot identify a
    specific natural person. If we combine this type of non-personal information with other information to identify a
    specific natural person, or combine it with personal information, during the combined use period, this type of
    non-personal information will be treated as personal information, unless you have obtained your authorization Or
    unless otherwise provided by laws and regulations, we will anonymize and de-identify this type of information.
4、Location information:When you enable the location function of your mobile device through system authorization and
    use location-based services, we will collect and use your location information so that you can use
XMEye
application to configure the network with smart devices. When you turn on the message
    reminder function, we will
    collect screenshots of the video taken by your camera, and then push the screenshots to you as the content of the
    reminder message. You can turn off this feature through your account settings.
5、Recording information:When you use remote intercom and other functions, we will collect the audio content you
    submit accordingly in order to implement this function for you. You can turn off the microphone permission through
    the system settings to refuse our collection, but this will prevent you from using this feature.
6、Camera information:When you use the QR code scanning function through our application, you need the camera
    permission. You can set the camera permission through the system to refuse our collection, but this will prevent you
    from using this function.
7、Store information:When you save pictures in the app to your phone photo album through our app, the app needs to
    read and write your memory card. You can set the system to close the app’s permission to access your memory card,
    but this You will not be able to use this feature.
8、Sharing information:
    When you use
XMEye
corresponding equipment or video or video sharing related functions, you
    may need to
    submit relevant information such as the nickname of the relevant person, your relationship with you, if you refuse to provide it, you will not be able to use the relevant functions. What needs to be
    reminded is that sharing or similar functions will make your corresponding personal information disclosed within the
    scope you specify. You must carefully decide whether to use it, and be responsible for the relevant consequences
    yourself.
9、IMEI information:When you use the alarm message push, the Token information required for push initialization
    (including third-party push SDK) will use the IMEI information; if you refuse to provide it, you will not be able to
    use the push service normally.
10、Device MAC address:When you use our product for Wi-Fi network configuration, the application will ask to obtain
    the MAC address information of the device. If you refuse to provide it, it will affect the normal network
    configuration of the product.
11、Application installation list:When you open an application, we will determine whether to display the corresponding
    login method entry on the login page by collecting whether the Facebook, WeChat, and Line applications are installed
    in the current system.
Three. Information about smart devices
1、Basic information of smart devices:When you use smart devices connected to our products or services, we may collect
    basic information about smart devices, such as device name, device ID, online status, activation time, firmware
    version, and upgrades Information etc.
2、Information reported by smart devices:According to the different smart devices you choose to connect to our
    products or services, we may collect the information reported by your smart devices. For example, alarm messages
    triggered by monitoring equipment, etc.
Four. Purpose and legal basis for processing personal information
We process your information for the following purposes:
1、To provide you with services:We process your account and personal data information, device information, usage
    information, location information, and smart device-related information to provide the products and services you
    request. The legal basis for such processing is the performance of our contract with you in accordance with our
    terms of use.
2、Improve our services:We process your device information, usage information, location information and smart
    device-related information to ensure the function and safety of our products, develop and improve our products and
    services, analyze our operational efficiency, And to prevent and track fraud or improper use. The legal basis for
    such processing is the performance of our contract with you in accordance with our terms of use.
3、Non-marketing communications:We process your personal information in order to send you important information
    related to service, terms/conditions and policy changes and/or other management information. Due to the importance
    of such information, you may not be able to opt out of receiving such emails. The legal basis for such processing is
    the performance of our contract with you in accordance with our terms of use.
4、Marketing communications:We may process your personal information to provide you with marketing and promotional
    materials related to our products and services. In the above circumstances, each email we send to you contains
    instructions that allow you to opt out of receiving such emails. The legal basis for such processing is based on
    your consent. In addition, if you agree to participate in our sweepstakes, contests or other promotional activities,
    we may use your personal information to manage such activities.
5、Compliance:We will process your personal information when we deem it necessary or appropriate: (a) comply with
    applicable laws and regulations; (b) comply with legal procedures; (c) respond to requests from public agencies and
    government authorities; (D) To fulfill our terms and conditions; (e) To protect our operations, business and
    systems; (f) To protect the rights, privacy, safety or property of us and/or other users including you; and (g) Seek
    available remedies or limit the damages we may need to provide.
We may also use the personal information collected from you in other ways. We will provide specific notifications at
    the time of collection and obtain your consent in accordance with the requirements of applicable laws. If there is
    any change in the purpose of processing your personal information, we will notify you of such changes via email
    and/or a noticeable notice on our website, and inform you of your personal information choices.
Five.information sharing
only shares your personal information in a way that you know. We may share
    your personal information with the following participants:
1、Disclosure of your personal information to third-party service providers who provide us with certain
    business-related services, such as website hosting, data analysis, payment and credit card processing,
    infrastructure supply, IT services, customer support services, email sending services And other similar services to
    ensure that they can provide services to us.
2、Disclosure of your personal information to customers and other business partners who directly or indirectly
    provide you with smart devices and/or the networks and systems you use to access and use our website and
    services.
3、In the event of reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, transfer, transfer or other disposal of all or part
    of our business, assets or stocks (including but not limited to the above circumstances related to any bankruptcy or
    similar procedures) The company or other third parties disclose your personal information. In this case, you will
    receive a clear notification via email and/or our website regarding the change of ownership, the incompatibility of
    the new use of personal information, and the choice of personal information.
4、Where we deem it necessary or appropriate: (a) Comply with applicable laws and regulations; (b) Comply with legal
    procedures; (c) Respond to the requirements of public agencies and government authorities, including those outside
    the country/region where you live Institutions and government authorities; (d) fulfill our terms and conditions; (e)
    protect our operations, business and systems; (f) protect the rights, privacy, safety or property of us and/or other
    users including you ; And (g) seek available remedies or limit the damages we may need to provide.
5、Disclosing your personal information to the company's subsidiaries or affiliated companies to carry out business
    activities on a regular basis.
6、In addition to the above-mentioned third parties, we only disclose your personal information to other third parties
    with your consent.
    We will share necessary data with third parties through application programming interfaces (API) and software tool
    development kits (SDK). Different versions of third-party SDKs will be different, generally including third-party
    account login, sharing, and third-party For payment, vendor push, statistics, etc., we will conduct strict security
    inspections on third parties and agree on data protection measures.
Six. Exceptions for obtaining prior authorization and consent when collecting and using personal
    information
You are fully aware that, in accordance with the "Information Security Technology Personal Information Security
    Specification" and its legal basis, the collection and use of your personal information in the following situations
    does not require your authorization and consent:
1、Related to
's fulfillment of obligations stipulated by laws and
    regulations;
2、It is directly related to national security and national defense security;
3、It is directly related to public safety, public health, and major public interests;
4、Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and execution of judgments;
5、In order to protect your personal or other personal life, property and other major legal rights and interests, but
    it is difficult to obtain your consent;
6、The personal information involved is disclosed to the public by you yourself;
7、According to you and us to sign and perform the contract or other written documents necessary;
8、Collect your personal information from legally publicly disclosed information, such as legal news reports,
    government information disclosure and other channels;
9、Necessary for maintaining the safe and stable operation of our products and/or services, such as discovering and
    disposing of product and/or service failures;
10、Other circumstances stipulated by laws and regulations.
Seven. International transfer of collected information
In order to facilitate our operations, we may transfer, store and process your personal information in jurisdictions
    other than where you live. These countries may have different information protection laws. In such cases, we will
    ensure that your information is fully protected by the following methods:
Including but not limited to: agreements reached on the "EU Standard Contract Clauses" approved by Article 46 of the
    EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/international-dimension-data-protection/standard-contractual-clauses-scc_en.
If you want to learn more about our security measures, you can contact us directly through this policy.
Eight. Third-party SDK access
Android、iOS
1
WeChat login
Purpose of use
for Log in to provide support
scenes to be used
Convenient for users to authorize login through third-party application accounts
Involving the scope of personal information
Device information such as network status, WIFI status, reading and writing external storage, etc.
Privacy address:
https://www.wechat.com/zh_cn/privacy_policy.html
2
Facebook login
Purpose of use
for Log in to provide support
scenes to be used
Convenient for users to authorize login through third-party application accounts
Involving the scope of personal information
Device information such as network status, WIFI status, reading and writing external storage, etc.
Privacy address:
https://zh-cn.facebook.com/policy.php
3
Line login
Purpose of use
for Log in to provide support
scenes to be used
Convenient for users to authorize login through third-party application accounts
Involving the scope of personal information
Device information such as network status, WIFI status, reading and writing external storage, etc.
Privacy address:
https://www.talkline.cn/privacy
4
Huawei Push
Purpose of use
Provide support for message push
scenes to be used
When the self-built push service is unreachable, Huawei mobile phone users will push messages through the
                Huawei system
Involving the scope of personal information
Device information such as network status, WIFI status, reading and writing external storage, etc.
Privacy address:
https://www.huawei.com/cn/privacy-policy/
5
Tencent Bugly
Purpose of use
Crash statistics
scenes to be used
When the application crashes, the crash information will be reported to Tencent Bugly
Involving the scope of personal information
Device information such as network status, WIFI status, reading and writing external storage, etc.
Privacy agreement:
http://bugly.qq.com/v2/contract
6
BeiZi SDK
Purpose of use
Adjust advertising strategy based on user equipment information
Provide statistical analysis services based on user equipment information
Basic anti-cheating analysis based on user equipment information
Realize the normal display and interactive function of advertisement based on user equipment
                information
Use crash information to optimize code defects and minimize App crashes
Optimize the performance of the SDK by collecting performance data during the running of the SDK
Statistic advertising data for advertisers to count the delivery results. Including but not limited to:
                requests, impressions, clicks, conversions, etc., used for advertising process analysis
Obtaining information is only used for function realization and will not collect and save information
Involving the scope of personal information
collect information
[Android and iOS public information]
Device brand, device model, device time zone, device language, system version, developer application
                name, application version number, application package name, network type, UserAgent information, network
                status, crash information, performance data, screen height and width, screen orientation, Screen DPI
                information, system update time, boot time
[Android unique information]
Device ID (OAID, GAID) (only collected by IMEI user authorization),USB debugging mode,operator，cpu，The process name of the application，Operating status
[iOS unique information]
Device ID (only collected by IDFA user authorization), IDFV
Get information (not collected)
Sensor information (for example: gravity sensor, acceleration sensor, direction sensor, gyroscope, light
                sensor, pressure sensor, gravity sensor, linear acceleration sensor, etc.), swipe gesture content
Get permission
[Android]
Access to the Internet, network status, mobile WiFi status, install apps
[iOS]
Network authority, device information (IDFA)
Privacy address:
http://sdkdoc.beizi.biz/#/zh-cn/guide/UsePrivacy
7
Pangolin SDK
Purpose of use
Advertising cooperation, advertising attribution, anti-cheating
Involving the scope of personal information
collect information
[Required Information]
Basic information such as device brand, model, software system version related information, mobile phone
                system restart time, total disk space, total system memory space, CPU number and other basic
                information, developer application name, application package name, version number, application
                installation list, etc. Information, operator information, device time zone, device language,
                acquisition of user sensor information (for example: gravity sensor, acceleration sensor, etc.)
[Optional Information]
Wireless network SSID name, WiFi router MAC address, device MAC address, IP address, device geographic
                location, device identifier (such as IMEI, AndroidID, OAID, IMSI, ICCID, GAID, MEID, IDFA, IDFV, the
                specific fields are due to software and hardware There are differences for different versions)
Get permission
[Android]
Required permissions
Internet access, network status, mobile WiFi status
Optional permissions
Install apps, save the screen always on, read and write external memory cards
[iOS]
Network permissions, device information (IDFA), get rough location
Privacy address:
https://www.pangle.cn/privacy?from=ad.oceanengine.com
8
Purpose of using the SDK of Youlianghui
Purpose of use
Advertisement placement and monitoring attribution based on user equipment information
Use crash information to optimize code defects and minimize App crashes
Optimize the performance of the SDK by collecting performance data during the running of the SDK
Statistic advertising data for advertisers to count the delivery results. Including but not limited to:
                requests, impressions, clicks, conversions, etc., used for advertisers to count the delivery results
Involving the scope of personal information
collect information
Device ID, system language, screen height and width, screen orientation, screen DPI information, crash
                information, performance data, rough location, acquisition of user sensor information (for example:
                gravity sensor, acceleration sensor, etc.)
Get permission
[Android]
Required permissions
Access to the Internet, network status, mobile WiFi status, change network status, obtain a list of tasks
                to perform, and vibration permissions
Optional permissions
Get application list
[iOS]
Network permissions, device information (IDFA), get rough location
Privacy address:
https://imgcache.qq.com/gdt/cdn/adn/uniondoc/ylh_sdk_privacy_statement.html
9
Baiqingteng SDK Purpose
Purpose of use
Help developers to carry out refined push, so as to provide end users with content more in line with the
                needs of end users, and reduce the interruption of useless promotion/information to end users.
Maintain the stability of the mobile application network connection and provide stable and continuous
                promotion or messaging services.
In order to push some messages that may consume a large amount of power and mobile data of the end user's
                device to the end user only when it is judged that the end user's device is connected to Wi-Fi, so as to
                reduce the consumption of the power and mobile data of the end user's device.
In order to optimize the promotion/message service experience according to the activity of each mobile
                application in the end user device
Involving the scope of personal information
collect information
Hardware model, operating system version, device configuration, unique device identifier, international
                mobile equipment identity code IMEI, SIM card information IMSI, iOS system advertising identifier
                (IDFA), Android system advertising identifier (OAID), Android Id), device Location information (location
                information obtained through GPS, Bluetooth or Wi-Fi signals), etc., hardware device information,
                operating system version, date, time, and duration of the end user’s access to the service, location
                information, application list information
Get permission
[Android optional]
Network status, mobile WiFi status, application list, read and write external memory card, get list of
                running tasks, get rough location
[iOS]
Network permissions, device information (IDFA), get rough location
Privacy address:
https://union.baidu.com/bqt/#/legal/policies
10
Purpose of using Kuaishou SDK:
Purpose of use
Advertising cooperation, advertising attribution, anti-cheating。
Involving the scope of personal information
collect information
Basic information such as equipment brand, model, and software system version related information
Get permission
[Android]
Required permissions
Access to the Internet, network status, mobile WiFi status, install apps
Optional permissions
Obtain device identification, obtain MAC address
[iOS]
Network permissions, device information (IDFA), get rough location
Privacy address:
https://www.kuaishou.com/about/policy?tab=privacy
11
inmobi SDK
Purpose of use
Advertising cooperation, advertising attribution, anti-cheating。
Involving the scope of personal information
collect information
[Required Information]
Device ID (only collected when authorized by OAID, GAID, IDFV, IMEI and IDFA), mobile operator, network
                provider or ISP, network type (such as WiFi or cellular), IP address, application identifier, SDK
                version, device type (E.g. manufacturer and model), screen size, operating system (e.g. iOS, Android,
                Windows, Blackberry), mobile browser used (e.g. Chrome, Safari, Firefox), language settings and time
                zone, etc.
Get permission
[Android]
Required permissions
Access to the Internet, network status, mobile WiFi status, install apps, app list, read and write
                external memory cards,
Optional permissions
[iOS]
Network permissions, device information (IDFA), get rough location
Privacy address:
https://www.inmobi.cn/privacy-policy/
12
ZXing
Purpose of use
Scan QR code
scenes to be used
Scan equipment QR code information
Involving the scope of personal information
Camera permissions
Nine, permission acquisition instructions
Android
Authority name
Function
Purpose
android.permission.READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE
Storage
Read the external storage data of the phone for third-party SDK advertising use
android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE
Storage
Write data to the external storage space of the phone for third-party SDK advertising use
android.permission.CAMERA
Camera
Scan the QR code of the device serial number
android.permission.RECORD_AUDIO
microphone
real-time preview intercom
android.permission.RECORD_VIDEO
Video
Recording screen during real-time preview
android.permission.INTERNET
network
and monitoring equipment wireless data interaction
android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE
allows the program to obtain network information status
interact with monitoring device wireless data, obtain WiFi status, and configure network for
            third-party SDK advertising use
android.permission.CHANGE_NETWORK_STATE
allows the program to change the network state, such as whether it is connected to the Internet
android.permission.ACCESS_WIFI_STATE
allows the program to obtain the current WiFi access status and WLAN hotspot information
android.permission.CHANGE_WIFI_STATE
allows the program to change the WiFi state
android.permission.CHANGE_WIFI_MULTICAST_STATE
allows the program to change the WiFi multicast state
android.permission.WAKE_LOCK
Prohibition of screen rest
In the process of QR code network configuration, the mobile phone needs to be always on and the screen
            cannot be rested.
android.permission.BLUETOOTH
Bluetooth
Bluetooth operation
android.permission.BLUETOOTH_ADMIN
android.permission.CHANGE_CONFIGURATION
allows a program to modify the current settings, such as localization
allows a program to modify the current settings, such as localization
android.permission.DISABLE_KEYGUARD
Allows the program to disable the keyboard lock to dump system information
Allows the program to disable the keyboard lock to dump system information
android.permission.FLASHLIGHT
Flash
It may be necessary to turn on the flash when scanning the QR code of the device serial number
android.permission.MODIFY_AUDIO_SETTINGS
Modify sound settings information Modify phone status
Modify sound settings information Modify phone status
android.permission.WRITE_SETTINGS
allows programs to read or write system settings
allows programs to read or write system settings
android.permission.OVERRIDE_WIFI_CONFIG
Some mobile phones need to search for WiFi hotspots
Some mobile phones need to search for WiFi hotspots
android.permission.ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION
Location permission
Wi-Fi hotspot and access to Wi-Fi information is necessary for third-party SDK advertising use
android.permission.VIBRATE
Vibration
is required when some buttons are clicked or when a call is reminded
android.permission.WRITE_SYNC_SETTINGS
Write Google online synchronization settings
Write Google online synchronization settings
android.permission.FOREGROUND_SERVICE
Background service
Required for background push service
android.permission.SYSTEM_ALERT_WINDOW
Allows programs to display system windows
Allows programs to display system windows for third-party SDK advertising
PackageManager.getInstalledPackages()
Get the list of application installations
by collecting whether the current system has installed Facebook, WeChat and Line applications to
            determine whether to display the corresponding ones on the login page
            Login method entrance
iOS
1
Location
Get WiFi hotspot information
2
Local network
equipment distribution network, local equipment search and add
3
Camera
Scan the QR code of the device
4
Notification
Device alarm push
5
Wireless data
APP network access
6
Allow tracking
ads to accurately push ad attribution
7
microphone
device intercom
8
Album
Save screenshot
Chapter III Rights Related to Personal Information
One. Access or correct personal information
You have the right to access your personal information, except for exceptions provided by laws and regulations. If
    you want to exercise the right to access data, you can access it yourself in the following ways:
1、Your account information:Under the
XMEye
application client, you can enter the personal
    information and
    account security page through "My" under the main interface to inquire about registered information such as 
    nickname, mobile phone number, password, email, etc. And update.
2、Your usage of
Cloud service. Under the
XMEye
video client, you can view your bound
device through "My" under the main interface, and view the device model, serial number, and user through the
    "Settings" page at the upper right corner of the single device preview box. Product information such as guides, and
    usage information such as device network access methods, value-added service usage, and sharing status.
Personal information that you cannot access and correct: In addition to the information listed above, we cannot
    provide you with access and correction services for some of your personal information. This information is mainly
    for improving your user experience and ensuring transaction security The collected information about your equipment
    and the personal information necessary to ensure the normal operation of the business functions you have selected.
    We will use the above information within the scope of your authorization. You cannot access and correct it, but you
    can contact us to delete or anonymize it.。
Two. Delete personal information
The information that you can directly clear or delete on our product and/or service pages, including 
    account registration information,The specific path is: Homepage-"My"-"Account"-"Delete Account".
In the following situations, you can request us to delete other personal information:
1） If our handling of personal information violates laws and regulations;
2）If we collect and use your personal information without your consent;
3）If our handling of personal information violates our agreement with you;
4） If you cancel the service account;
5）If we terminate the service and operation.
If we decide to respond to your deletion request, we will also notify the entities that have obtained your personal
    information from us and require them to delete them in a timely manner, unless laws and regulations provide
    otherwise, or these entities obtain your independent authorization.
After you delete information from our service, we may not delete the corresponding information from the backup system
    immediately, but we will delete the information when the backup is updated.
Three. Change the scope of authorization and consent or withdraw authorization
You can change the scope of your authorization to continue to collect personal information or withdraw your
    authorization by deleting information, turning off a certain service or function, performing privacy settings on the
    application client, and managing application permissions. You can also withdraw all our authorization to continue
    collecting your personal information by canceling your account.
Please understand that each and every service requires some basic personal information to be completed. After you
    withdraw your consent or authorization, we cannot continue to provide you with the services corresponding to the
    withdrawal of your consent or authorization, and will no longer process your corresponding Personal information.
    However, your decision to withdraw your consent or authorization will not affect the previous processing of personal
    information based on your authorization.
Four. cancel account
You can cancel the previously registered account at any time, you can contact our customer service, or operate by
    yourself in the following ways:
    The specific path is: Homepage-"My"-"Account"-"Delete Account".
Please note that account cancellation is an irreversible operation. After you cancel your account, we will stop
    providing you with products or services, all rights and interests under your account will be cleared, and your
    personal information will be deleted and cannot be retrieved. Laws and regulations Unless otherwise specified.
Five. Constraint information system automatic decision-making
At present, we do not currently make decisions based on non-manual automatic decision-making mechanisms including
    information systems and algorithms. If we think it is necessary to use the aforementioned technical means during the
    operation, we will inform you in time; if you think that these decisions significantly affect your legal rights, you
    have the right to ask us to explain, and we will not infringe on trade secrets or Provide appeal methods under the
    premise of other user rights and social public interest.
Six. Obtain a copy of personal information and request response
If you are unable to manage your personal information through the above methods, or you need to obtain a copy of the
    corresponding personal information, or you have other personal information rights appeals, you can send an email to
    [
] or this policy Contact us in the other ways listed. In order to ensure safety, we may
    need you to provide a written request or prove your identity in other ways. We will respond to your request within
    15 days after receiving your feedback and verifying your identity.
For your reasonable request, we do not charge a fee in principle, but for repeated requests that exceed a reasonable
    limit, we will charge a certain cost as appropriate. For those who are unreasonably repeated, require too many
    technical means (for example, the need to develop new systems or fundamentally change current practices), bring
    risks to the legitimate rights and interests of others, or are very impractical (for example, involving information
    stored on backup tapes) Request, we may reject it.
According to applicable laws, regulations and national standards such as the "Cyber Security Law", "Information
    Security Technology Personal Information Security Regulations" and other applicable laws, regulations and national
    standards, we may not be able to respond to your request in the following situations:
1）Related to
's fulfillment of obligations stipulated by laws and
    regulations;
2）Directly related to national security and national defense security;
3）Directly related to public safety, public health, and major public interests;
4）Related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of judgments;
5）There is sufficient evidence to show that you have subjective malice or abuse of rights;
6）In order to protect your or other individuals’ life, property and other major legal rights and interests, but it is
    difficult to obtain your own consent;
7）Responding to your request will cause serious damage to the legitimate rights and interests of you or other
    individuals or organizations;
8）Involving trade secrets;
9）Other circumstances stipulated by applicable laws and regulations.
Chapter IV Security Measures
One. Protection and security measures of your personal information
1、We will make all reasonable efforts to protect the personal information we have obtained, and the personal
    information will be protected by specialized departments and personnel.
In order to prevent users' personal information from being illegally accessed, copied, modified, transmitted, lost,
    destroyed, processed or used in unexpected and unauthorized situations, we have and will continue to take the
    following measures to protect your personal information:
1）Our network services adopt encryption technologies such as transmission security protocols, and provide browsing
    services through https and other methods to ensure the safety of user data during transmission.
2） The user's personal information is encrypted and stored by adopting encryption technology, and the user's personal
    information is isolated by isolation technology.
3）When using personal information, such as personal information display and personal information associated
    calculations, we will use a variety of data desensitization technologies including content replacement, encryption
    desensitization, etc. to enhance the security of personal information in use.
4） Establish a strict data use and access system, adopt strict data access authority control and multiple identity
    authentication technologies to protect personal information, and prevent data from being used in violation of
    regulations. We only allow authorized personnel to access personal information and require them to fulfill the
    corresponding confidentiality obligations.
5）Adopt special data and technical security audits, and set up multiple measures for log audits and behavior
    audits.
2、Other security measures taken to protect personal information:
1）Manage and regulate the storage and use of personal information by establishing a data classification and grading
    system, data security management specifications, and data security development specifications.
2）Establish an information protection department, an information security emergency response organization, and a
    personal information protection commissioner to promote and protect personal information security.
3）Strengthen safety awareness. We will also organize security and privacy protection training courses to strengthen
    employees' awareness of the importance of protecting personal information.
3、Special reminders for personal biometric information:
1）Unless otherwise prompted, identification and authentication based on personal biometric information are only
    implemented on your local device, and we will not return this information to the server; that is,
Cloud
    only receives the verification results and does not collect you Biometric
    information;
2）Under the business functions that must collect biometric information (such as face recognition value-added
    services), we will try our best to ensure security by storing only summary information, AES encryption and other
    measures.
4、Although the above reasonable and effective measures have been taken and the standards required by relevant laws
    and regulations have been complied with, in view of the open nature of the network environment, we cannot guarantee
    the security of your personal information when communicating through unsafe channels. Therefore, we strongly
    recommend that you take active measures to ensure the security of your personal information, such as: setting
    complex passwords, regularly changing account passwords, not disclosing your account passwords and other personal
    information to others, and cautiously using information sharing or sharing functions. In addition, you should
    understand that when your information is leaked due to your personal disposal (such as sharing, etc.),
will
    only bear limited legal liabilities in accordance with effective judicial
    judgments.
5、There are always various risks of information leakage in the network environment. When accidents, force majeure and
    other circumstances cause your information to leak risks, we will try our best to control the situation and promptly
    inform you of the cause of the incident, the security measures we have taken, and you Security measures that can be
    taken proactively and other relevant situations.
6、 In the unfortunate event of a personal information security incident, we will promptly inform you in accordance
    with the requirements of laws and regulations: the basic situation and possible impact of the security incident, the
    disposal measures we have taken or will take, and you can independently prevent and reduce Risk suggestions,
    remedial measures for you, etc. At the same time, we will promptly inform you of the relevant information of the
    incident by email, letter, telephone, push notification, etc. If it is difficult to inform the subject of personal
    information one by one, we will adopt a reasonable and effective way to issue an announcement. If relevant incidents
    involve children’s personal information, we will notify the children and their guardians in accordance with the law.
    At the same time, we will report to the corresponding competent authority in accordance with the requirements of
    laws and regulations.
Two. Information retention period
1、We will store the personal information of users collected in China in China in accordance with laws and
    regulations.
will not transfer your personal information outside of the
    country, unless it is required to
    implement regulations or has otherwise obtained your express consent.
2、During your use of
's products or services, we will process your personal
    information within the shortest
    period of time to achieve the purpose stated in the policy, unless it is required to retain it for a longer period
    of time according to specific legal requirements. We will determine an appropriate retention period based on the
    quantity, nature and sensitivity of personal information. After the retention period ends, we will destroy your
    personal information. If we are unable to destroy the information for technical reasons, we will take appropriate
    measures to prevent further use of your personal information.
Three. IaaS Service
Our services are built on Amazon Web Service Infrastructure as a Service.
Chapter V Protection of Personal Information of Minors
attaches great importance to the protection of personal information
    of minors. We do not use age recognition as a prerequisite when providing products or services to users, but the
    nature of our products and/or services requires you to be an adult with full civil capacity. If you are a child or
    other minor under the age of 18, we ask you to ask your parents or other guardians to read this privacy policy
    carefully, and obtain the consent of your parents or other guardians and use our Services or provide us with
    information. If you collect or submit personal information of minors to us through our products and/or services for
    the purpose of interacting with children, please ensure that you have obtained the authorization and consent of
    their legal guardian in advance.
In the case of collecting personal information of minors with the consent of their parents or legal guardians, we
    will only use or publicly disclose this information when permitted by law, the parent or legal guardian's explicit
    consent, or necessary to protect the minors.
If parents or legal guardians have reason to believe that minors have submitted personal information to us without
    prior consent, or have questions about the protection of our minors’ personal information, please contact us through
    the methods listed in this policy.
Chapter VI Statement on Policy Changes
We may update this policy at least once a year based on changes in information practices. If we make any major
    changes, we will notify you via email (sent to the email address specified in your account) or post a notice on this
    website before the changes take effect. We recommend that you browse this page regularly to get the latest
    information on privacy practices.
Chapter VII Contact Us
If you have any questions about our practices or this policy, please contact us in the following ways:
Hangzhou+Xiongmai+Information+Technology+Co.%2C+Ltd.
Mailing address:
Email:
Under normal circumstances, we will reply within fifteen days.
If you are dissatisfied with our response, especially if our personal information processing has harmed your
    legitimate rights and interests, you can also file a complaint or report to regulatory authorities such as
    cyberspace, telecommunications, public security, and industry and commerce.