English
Dutch
Spanish
Italian
French
German
Privacy Policy
Effective date: October 29, 2018
Sheet Music Scanner ("us", "we", or "our") operates the Sheet Music Scanner mobile application (hereinafter referred to as the "Service").
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.
We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, the terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.
Definitions
Service
Service is the Sheet Music Scanner mobile application operated by Sheet Music Scanner
Personal Data
Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).
Usage Data
Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
Cookies
Cookies are small files stored on your device (computer or mobile device).
Data Controller
Data Controller means the natural or legal person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal information are, or are to be, processed.
For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your Personal Data.
Data Processors (or Service Providers)
Data Processor (or Service Provider) means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller.
We may use the services of various Service Providers in order to process your data more effectively.
Data Subject (or User)
Data Subject is any living individual who is using our Service and is the subject of Personal Data.
Information Collection and Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Cookies and Usage Data
Usage Data
When you access the Service with a mobile device, we may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data ("Usage Data").
Tracking & Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and we hold certain information.
Cookies are files with a small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Other tracking technologies are also used such as beacons, tags and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyse our Service.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Examples of Cookies we use:
Session Cookies.
We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.
Preference Cookies.
We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
Security Cookies.
We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
Use of Data
Sheet Music Scanner uses the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain our Service
To notify you about changes to our Service
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
To provide customer support
To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service
To monitor the usage of our Service
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
If you are from the European Economic Area (EEA), Sheet Music Scanner legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this Privacy Policy depends on the Personal Data we collect and the specific context in which we collect it.
Sheet Music Scanner may process your Personal Data because:
We need to perform a contract with you
You have given us permission to do so
The processing is in our legitimate interests and it is not overridden by your rights
To comply with the law
Retention of Data
Sheet Music Scanner will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
Sheet Music Scanner will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer periods.
Transfer of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to - and maintained on - computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ from those of your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside  and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to  and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Sheet Music Scanner will take all the steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organisation or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Disclosure of Data
Business Transaction
If Sheet Music Scanner is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, your Personal Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.
Disclosure for Law Enforcement
Under certain circumstances, Sheet Music Scanner may be required to disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).
Legal Requirements
Sheet Music Scanner may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of Sheet Music Scanner
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
To protect against legal liability
Security of Data
The security of your data is important to us but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Our Policy on "Do Not Track" Signals under the California Online Protection Act (CalOPPA)
We do not support Do Not Track ("DNT"). Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked.
You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings page of your web browser.
Your Data Protection Rights under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights. Sheet Music Scanner aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete or limit the use of your Personal Data.
If you wish to be informed about what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us.
In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:
The right to access, update or delete the information we have on you.
Whenever made possible, you can access, update or request deletion of your Personal Data directly within your account settings section. If you are unable to perform these actions yourself, please contact us to assist you.
The right of rectification.
You have the right to have your information rectified if that information is inaccurate or incomplete.
The right to object.
You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Data.
The right of restriction.
You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information.
The right to data portability.
You have the right to be provided with a copy of the information we have on you in a structured, machine-readable and commonly used format.
The right to withdraw consent.
You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where Sheet Music Scanner relied on your consent to process your personal information.
Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.
You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority in the European Economic Area (EEA).
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), provide the Service on our behalf, perform Service-related services or assist us in analysing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Analytics
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyse the use of our Service.
Flurry Analytics
Flurry Analytics service is provided by Yahoo! Inc.
You can opt-out from Flurry Analytics service to prevent Flurry Analytics from using and sharing your information by visiting the Flurry's Opt-out page:
https://developer.yahoo.com/flurry/end-user-opt-out/
For more information on the privacy practices and policies of Yahoo!, please visit their Privacy Policy page:
https://policies.yahoo.com/xa/en/yahoo/privacy/index.htm
Links to Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 ("Children").
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Child has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By email: support@sheetmusicscanner.com
Privacybeleid
Ingangsdatum: October 29, 2018
Sheet Music Scanner ("ons", "wij" of "onze") beheert de Sheet Music Scanner mobiele App ("hierna genoemd Dienst").
Deze pagina bevat informatie over ons beleid met betrekking tot de verzameling, het gebruik en de openbaarmaking van uw persoonsgegevens wanneer u onze Dienst gebruikt en de keuzes die u hebt met betrekking tot die gegevens.
Wij gebruiken uw gegevens om de Dienst te leveren en te verbeteren. Wanneer u de Dienst gebruikt, gaat u akkoord met de verzameling en het gebruik van informatie in overeenstemming met dit beleid. Tenzij anders bepaald in dit Privacybeleid heeft de terminologie die wordt gebruikt in dit Privacybeleid dezelfde betekenis als in onze Algemene voorwaarden.
Definities
Dienst
Onder dienst verstaan wij de Sheet Music Scanner mobiele App beheerd door Sheet Music Scanner
Gebruiksgegevens
Onder gebruiksgegevens verstaan wij automatisch verzamelde gegevens die worden gegenereerd door het gebruik van de Dienst of van de infrastructuur van de Dienst zelf (bijvoorbeeld, de duur van het bezoek aan een pagina).
Gebruiksgegevens
Onder gebruiksgegevens verstaan wij automatisch verzamelde gegevens die worden gegenereerd door het gebruik van de Dienst of van de infrastructuur van de Dienst zelf (bijvoorbeeld, de duur van het bezoek aan een pagina).
Cookies
Cookies zijn informatiebestandjes die worden opgeslagen op uw apparaat (computer of mobiele apparaat).
Gegevensbeheerder
Onder gegevensbeheerder verstaan wij de natuurlijke of rechtspersoon die (alleen, gezamenlijk of gemeenschappelijk met andere personen) de doeleinden bepaalt waarvoor en de wijze waarop persoonsgegevens worden of zullen worden verwerkt.
In het kader van dit Privacybeleid zijn wij een Gegevensbeheerder van uw Persoonsgegevens.
Gegevensverwerkers (of Dienstverleners)
Onder Gegevensverwerkers (of Dienstverleners) verstaan wij elke natuurlijke of rechtspersoon die de gegevens verwerkt in naam van de Gegevensverwerker.
Wij kunnen de diensten gebruiken van verschillende Dienstverleners om uw gegevens efficiënter te kunnen verwerken.
Betrokkene (of Gebruiker)
De Betrokkene is elke levende persoon die gebruik maakt van onze Dienst en die het onderwerp is van Persoonsgegevens.
Gegevensverzameling en gebruik
Wij verzamelen verschillende soorten gegevens voor uiteenlopende doeleinden om onze Dienst aan u te kunnen leveren en om hem te verbeteren.
Soorten gegevens die worden verzameld
Persoonsgegevens
Wanneer u onze Dienst gebruikt, kunnen wij u vragen ons bepaalde persoonlijk identificeerbare informatie te verstrekken die kan worden gebruikt om contact op te nemen met u of om u te identificeren ("Persoonsgegevens"). Deze persoonlijk identificeerbare informatie kan omvatten maar is niet beperkt tot:
Cookies en Gebruiksgegevens
Gebruiksgegevens
Wanneer u toegang krijgt tot de Dienst met of via een mobiele apparaat kunnen wij bepaalde gegevens automatisch verzamelen, inclusief, maar niet beperkt tot, het mobiele apparaat dat u gebruikt, de unieke ID van uw mobiele apparaat, het IP-adres van uw mobiele apparaat, uw mobiel besturingssysteem, de mobiele internetbrowser die u gebruikt, de unieke apparaat-ID en andere diagnostische gegevens ("Gebruiksgegevens").
Tracking & cookiegegevens
Wij gebruiken cookies en soortgelijke volgtechnologieën om de activiteit op onze Dienst te volgen en we bewaren bepaalde informatie.
Cookies zijn bestanden met een kleine hoeveelheid gegevens die een anonieme unieke ID kunnen bevatten. Cookies worden van een website verzonden naar uw browser en opgeslagen op uw apparaat. Er worden ook andere volgtechnologieën gebruikt zoals beacons, tags en scripts om gegevens te verzamelen en te volgen en om onze Dienst te verbeteren en te analyseren.
U kunt uw browser instellen om alle cookies te weigeren of om aan te geven wanneer een cookie wordt verzonden. Maar als u geen cookies aanvaardt, kunt u mogelijk niet alle functies van onze Dienst gebruiken.
Voorbeelden van cookies die wij gebruiken:
Sessiecookies.
Wij gebruiken Sessiecookies om onze Dienst te beheren.
Voorkeurcookies.
Wij gebruiken Voorkeurcookies om uw voorkeuren en uiteenlopende instellingen bij te houden.
Veiligheidscookies.
Wij gebruiken Veiligheidscookies voor veiligheidsdoeleinden.
Gebruik van gegevens
Sheet Music Scanner gebruikt de verzamelde gegevens voor uiteenlopende doeleinden:
Om onze Dienst te leveren en te onderhouden
Om u wijzigingen in onze Dienst te melden
Om u de mogelijkheid te bieden om, indien gewenst, deel te nemen aan de interactieve functies van onze Dienst
Om onze klanten steun te verlenen
Om analyse- of waardevolle gegevens te verzamelen die we kunnen toepassen om onze Dienst te verbeteren
Om toezicht te houden op het gebruik van onze Dienst
Om technische problemen te detecteren, te voorkomen en te behandelen
Juridische basis voor de verwerking van Persoonsgegevens onder de Algemene verordening persoonsgegevens (AVG)
Als u inwoner bent van de Europese Economische Ruimte (EER) hangt de juridische basis van, Sheet Music Scanner voor de verzameling en het gebruik van de persoonsgegevens zoals beschreven in dit Privacybeleid af van de Persoonsgegevens die wij verzamelen en de specifieke context waarin wij ze verzamelen.
Sheet Music Scanner kan uw Persoonsgegevens gebruiken omdat:
Wij een contract moeten afsluiten met u
U ons de toestemming hebt gegeven
De verwerking in ons legitiem belang is en niet wordt opgeheven door uw rechten
In naleving van de wet
Bewaren van gegevens
Sheet Music Scanner bewaart uw Persoonsgegevens slechts zolang dit nodig is voor de doeleinden vermeld in dit Privacybeleid. Wij bewaren en gebruiken uw Persoonsgegevens in de mate dit noodzakelijk is om te voldoen aan onze wettelijke verplichtingen (bijv. als we uw gegevens moeten bewaren in naleving van de geldende wetgeving), om geschillen op te lossen en om onze wettelijke overeenkomsten en beleid toe te passen.
Sheet Music Scanner bewaart uw Gebruiksgegevens ook voor interne analytische doeleinden. Gebruiksgegevens worden gewoonlijk voor een kortere periode bewaard, tenzij deze gegevens worden gebruikt om de veiligheid te versterken of de werking van onze Dienst te verbeteren, of indien wij wettelijk verplicht zijn deze gegevens gedurende een langere periode te bewaren.
Overdracht van gegevens
Uw gegevens, inclusief Persoonsgegevens, kunnen worden overgedragen naar - en bewaard op - computers die zich buiten het rechtsgebied van uw provincie, land of een andere overheidsinstantie bevinden waar de wetgeving inzake gegevensbescherming kan verschillen van de wetgeving in uw rechtsgebied.
Let erop dat, als u zich buiten  bevindt en u ons gegevens verstrekt, wij deze gegevens, inclusief Persoonsgegevens, overdragen naar  en ze daar verwerken.
Uw instemming met dit Privacybeleid gevolgd door uw indiening van dergelijke gegevens geven aan dat u akkoord gaat met die overdracht.
Sheet Music Scanner zal alle redelijkerwijs noodzakelijke stappen ondernemen om ervoor te zorgen dat uw gegevens veilig en in overeenstemming met dit Privacybeleid worden behandeld en dat uw Persoonsgegevens nooit worden overgedragen aan een organisatie of een land als er geen gepaste controles zijn ingesteld, inclusief de veiligheid van uw gegevens en andere persoonsgegevens.
Openbaarmaking van gegevens
Zakelijke transactie
Als Sheet Music Scanner betrokken is bij een fusie, overname of verkoop van activa kunnen uw Persoonsgegevens worden overgedragen. Wij zullen u op de hoogte brengen vóór uw Persoonsgegevens worden overgedragen en het voorwerp worden van een ander Privacybeleid.
Openbaarmaking voor wetshandhavingsdoeleinden
In bepaalde omstandigheden kan Sheet Music Scanner verplicht worden uw Persoonsgegevens openbaar te maken indien dit wettelijk wordt verplicht of op verzoek van overheidsinstanties (bijv. een rechtbank of overheidsorgaan).
Wettelijke vereisten
Sheet Music Scanner kan uw Persoonsgegevens openbaar maken als het te goeder trouw de mening is toegedaan dat een dergelijke handeling noodzakelijk is:
Om te voldoen aan een wettelijke verplichting
Om de rechten en eigendom van Sheet Music Scanner te beschermen en te verdedigen
Om mogelijke misstanden te voorkomen of te onderzoeken in verband met de Dienst
Om de persoonlijke veiligheid van gebruikers van de Dienst of het publiek te beschermen
Als bescherming tegen juridische aansprakelijkheid
Veiligheid van gegevens
De veiligheid van uw gegevens is belangrijk voor ons, maar vergeet niet dat geen enkele methode van verzending via het internet of elektronische methode van opslag 100% veilig is. Hoewel wij ernaar streven commercieel aanvaardbare middelen toe te passen om uw Persoonsgegevens te beschermen, kunnen wij de absolute veiligheid niet waarborgen.
"Do Not Track" signalen
Wij bieden geen ondersteuning van "Do Not Track" ("DNT"). "Do Not Track" is een voorkeur die u kunt instellen in uw internetbrowser om aan websites mee te delen dat u niet wenst te worden gevolgd.
U kunt "Do Not Track" in- of uitschakelen door naar de Voorkeuren of Instellingen pagina te gaan van uw internetbrowser.
Uw rechten inzake gegevensbescherming onder de Algemene verordening persoonsgegevens (AVG)
Als u inwoner bent van de Europese Economische Ruimte (EER) hebt u bepaalde rechten op het gebied van gegevensbescherming. Sheet Music Scanner streeft er naar redelijke maatregelen te nemen om u de mogelijkheid te bieden het gebruik van uw Persoonsgegevens te corrigeren, te wijzigen, te verwijderen of te beperken.
Als u wilt weten welke Persoonsgegevens wij van u bezitten en als u wenst te worden verwijderd uit onze systemen kunt u contact opnemen met ons.
In bepaalde omstandigheden hebt u de volgende rechten op het gebied van gegevensbescherming:
Het recht van toegang, bijwerking of verwijdering van de informatie die wij van u bezitten.
Waar mogelijk hebt u toegang tot uw Persoonsgegevens en kunt u ze bijwerken of de verwijdering rechtstreeks in uw accountinstellingen aanvragen. Als u deze acties niet zelf kunt uitvoeren, kunt u contact opnemen met ons om u te helpen.
Het recht op correctie.
U hebt het recht uw informatie te laten corrigeren als die informatie onnauwkeurig of onvolledig is.
Het recht om bezwaar te maken.
U hebt het recht om bezwaar te maken tegen de verwerking van uw Persoonsgegevens.
Het recht op beperking.
U hebt het recht te vragen dat wij de verwerking van uw Persoonsgegevens beperken.
Het recht op gegevensportabiliteit.
U hebt het recht een kopie te ontvangen van de informatie die wij van u bezitten in een gestructureerd, machinaal leesbaar en algemeen gebruikt formaat.
Het recht uw toestemming in te trekken.
U hebt ook het recht uw toestemming op elk moment in te trekken waar Sheet Music Scanner uw persoonsgegevens verwerkt op basis van uw toestemming.
Denk eraan dat wij u kunnen vragen uw identiteit te verifiëren voor wij ingaan op dergelijke aanvragen.
U hebt het recht een klacht in te dienen bij de Autoriteit Persoonsgegevens met betrekking tot onze verzameling en gebruik van uw Persoonsgegevens. Voor meer informatie kunt u contact opnemen met uw lokale Autoriteit Persoonsgegevens in de Europese Economische Ruimte (EER).
Dienstverleners
Wij kunnen externe bedrijven en personen aanstellen om onze Dienst ("Dienstverleners") te vereenvoudigen, om de Dienst te leveren in onze naam, om diensten uit te voeren in het kader van onze Dienst of om ons te helpen bij de analyse van hoe onze Dienst wordt gebruikt.
Deze externe partijen hebben enkel toegang tot uw Persoonsgegevens om deze taken uit te voeren in onze naam en zij mogen deze niet openbaar maken aan anderen of ze gebruiken voor andere doeleinden.
Analytics
Wij kunnen beroep doen op externe Dienstverleners om het gebruik van onze Dienst te volgen en te analyseren.
Flurry Analytics
De Flurry Analytics dienst wordt geleverd door Yahoo! Inc.
U kunt zich afmelden van de Flurry Analytics dienst om te voorkomen dat Flurry Analytics uw informatie kan gebruiken en delen door een bezoek te brengen aan de Flurry Opt-out pagina:
https://developer.yahoo.com/flurry/end-user-opt-out/
Voor meer informatie over de privacypraktijken van Yahoo! verwijzen wij u naar hun Privacybeleid pagina:
https://policies.yahoo.com/xa/en/yahoo/privacy/index.htm
Links naar andere sites
Onze Dienst kan links bevatten naar andere sites die niet door ons worden beheerd. Als u klikt op een link van een externe partij wordt u naar de site van die externe partij gebracht. Wij raden u sterk aan het Privacybeleid te verifiëren van elke site die u bezoekt.
Wij hebben geen controle over en aanvaarden geen aansprakelijkheid met betrekking tot de inhoud, het privacybeleid of de privacypraktijken van de sites of diensten van een externe partij.
Privacy van kinderen
Onze dienst richt zich niet op personen die jonger zijn dan 18 ("Kinderen").
Wij verzamelen nooit bewust persoonlijk identificeerbare informatie van iemand die jonger is dan 18 jaar oud. Als u een ouder of voogd bent en u stelt vast dat uw kind ons persoonsgegevens heeft geleverd, vragen wij u contact op te nemen met ons. Als u vaststelt dat wij persoonsgegevens hebben verzameld van kinderen zonder de verificatie van ouderlijk toezicht zullen wij de nodige stappen ondernemen om die informatie te verwijderen van onze servers.
Wijzigingen aan dit Privacybeleid
Wij kunnen ons Privacybeleid op gezette tijden bijwerken. Wij zullen u op de hoogte brengen van eventuele wijzigingen door het nieuwe Privacybeleid te publiceren op deze pagina.
Wij zullen u op de hoogte brengen via e-mail en/of een duidelijke melding op onze Dienst voor de wijzigingen van kracht gaan en wij zullen de "aanvangsdatum" bijwerken die vermeld staat bovenaan in dit Privacybeleid.
Wij raden u aan dit Privacybeleid regelmatig te controleren op eventuele wijzigingen. Wijzigingen aan dit Privacybeleid gaan van kracht op het moment dat ze worden gepubliceerd op deze pagina.
Contact opnemen
Als u vragen hebt over dit Privacybeleid kunt u contact opnemen met ons:
Via email: support@sheetmusicscanner.com
Política de privacidad
Fecha efectiva: October 29, 2018
Sheet Music Scanner ("nosotros", "a nosotros", "nuestro") opera la aplicación móvil Sheet Music Scanner (en adelante, el "Servicio").
Esta página le informa de nuestras políticas en materia de recopilación, uso y divulgación de datos personales cuando utiliza nuestro Servicio y de las opciones de las que dispone en relación con esos datos.
Utilizamos sus datos para prestarle el Servicio y mejorarlo. Al utilizar el Servicio, usted acepta la recopilación y el uso de información de conformidad con esta política. A menos que esta Política de privacidad defina lo contrario, los términos utilizados en ella tienen los mismos significados que nuestros Términos y Condiciones.
Definiciones
Servicio
Servicio es la aplicación móvil Sheet Music Scanner operada por Sheet Music Scanner
Datos personales
Datos personales significa los datos sobre una persona física viva que puede ser identificada a partir de esos datos (o con esos datos y otra información de la que dispongamos o probablemente podamos disponer).
Datos de uso
Datos de uso son los datos recopilados automáticamente, generados por el uso del Servicio o por la propia infraestructura del Servicio (por ejemplo, la duración de la visita a una página).
Cookies
Las cookies son pequeños archivos ialmacenados en su dispositivo (ordenador o dispositivo móvil).
Responsable del tratamiento
Responsable del tratamiento significa la persona física o jurídica (de forma individual o conjuntamente con otras personas) que determina las finalidades del tratamiento y la forma en la que se trata o tratará cualquier información personal.
A efectos de la presente Política de privacidad, somos Responsables del tratamiento de sus Datos personales.
Encargados del tratamiento (o Proveedores de servicios)
Encargado del tratamiento (o Proveedor de servicios) significa cualquier persona física o jurídica que trata los datos en nombre del Responsable del tratamiento.
Podemos utilizar los servicios de diversos Proveedores de servicios a fin de tratar sus datos de forma más eficaz.
Interesado (o Usuario)
El Interesado es cualquier persona física viva que utiliza nuestro Servicio y es el sujeto de los Datos personales.
Recopilación y uso de la información
Recopilamos diferentes tipos de información con diversas finalidades para prestarle el Servicio y mejorarlo.
Tipos de datos recopilados
Datos personales
Cuando utilice nuestro Servicio, es posible que le pidamos que nos proporcione determinada información personalmente identificable que podrá ser utilizada para contactar con usted o para identificarle ("Datos personales"). La información personalmente identificable puede incluir, entre otras, la siguiente:
Cookies y datos de uso
Datos de uso
Cuando accede al Servicio econ un dispositivo móvil, podemos recopilar determinada información automáticamente, incluyendo, entre otros, el tipo de dispositivo móvil que utiliza, el identificador exclusivo de su dispositivo móvil, la dirección de IP de su dispositivo móvil, el sistema operativo de su dispositivo móvil, el tipo de navegador de Internet que utiliza su dispositivo móvil, identificadores exclusivos de dispositivos y otros datos de diagnóstico ("Datos de uso").
Datos de cookies y seguimiento
Utilizamos cookies y tecnologías de seguimiento similares para rastrear la actividad de nuestro Servicio y mantener determinada información.
Las cookies son archivos con una pequeña cantidad de datos que pueden incluir un identificador exclusivo anónimo. Las cookies son enviadas a su navegador desde un sitio web y se almacenan en su dispositivo. Otras tecnologías de seguimiento también utilizadas son balizas, etiquetas y scripts para recopilar y rastrear la información, así como para mejorar y analizar nuestro Servicio.
Usted puede ordenar a su navegador que rechace todas las cookies o que le avise cuando se envía una cookie. Sin embargo, si no acepta cookies, es posible que no pueda utilizar algunas partes de nuestro Servicio.
Ejemplos de Cookies que utilizamos:
Cookies de sesión.
Utilizamos Cookies de sesión para operar nuestro Servicio.
Cookies de preferencia.
Utilizamos Cookies de preferencia para recordar sus preferencias y diversos ajustes.
Cookies de seguridad.
Utilizamos Cookies de seguridad para fines de seguridad.
Uso de datos
Sheet Music Scanner utiliza los datos recopilados con diversas finalidades:
Suministrar y mantener nuestro Servicio
Notificarle cambios en nuestro Servicio
Permitirle participar en funciones interactivas de nuestro Servicio cuando decida hacerlo
Prestar asistencia al cliente
Recopilar análisis o información valiosa que nos permitan mejorar nuestro Servicio
Controlar el uso de nuestro Servicio
Detectar, evitar y abordar problemas técnicos
Base legal para el tratamiento de datos personales de conformidad con el Reglamento General de Protección de Datos (RGPD)
Si usted se encuentra en el Espacio Económico Europeo (EEE), la base legal de Sheet Music Scanner para recopilar y utilizar la información personal descrita en esta Política de privacidad depende de los Datos personales que recopilemos y del contexto específico en el que la recopilemos.
Sheet Music Scanner puede tratar sus Datos personales por lo siguiente:
Ejecutar un contrato con usted
Usted nos ha dado permiso para hacerlo
El tratamiento favorece a nuestros intereses legítimos y no es contrario a sus derechos
Para cumplir la ley
Conservación de los datos
Sheet Music Scanner conservará sus Datos personales únicamente el tiempo necesario para los fines recogidos en esta Política de privacidad. Conservaremos y utilizaremos sus Datos personales en la medida en que resulte necesario para cumplir nuestras obligaciones legales (por ejemplo, si estamos obligados a conservar sus datos para cumplir la legislación aplicable), resolver conflictos y ejecutar nuestras políticas y acuerdos legales.
Sheet Music Scanner también conservará los Datos de uso con fines del análisis interno. Por lo general, los Datos de uso se conservan durante menos tiempo, salvo cuando estos datos se utilicen para reforzar la seguridad o para mejorar la funcionalidad de nuestro Servicio, o cuando estemos legalmente obligados a conservar estos datos durante periodos de tiempo más prolongados.
Transferencia de datos
Su información, incluyendo Datos personales, puede ser transferida a —y mantenida en— ordenadores localizados fuera de su estado, provincia, país u otra jurisdicción gubernamental donde las leyes de protección de datos pueden diferir de las de su jurisdicción.
Si usted se encuentra fuera de  y decide facilitarnos información, tenga en cuenta que nosotros transferimos los datos, incluyendo Datos personales, a  y que los tratamos allí.
Su aceptación de esta Política de privacidad seguida de su envío de esta información representa que está de acuerdo con dicha transferencia.
Sheet Music Scanner emprenderá todas las medidas razonables necesarias para garantizar que sus datos sean tratados de forma segura y de conformidad con esta Política de privacidad y no se realizará ninguna transferencia de sus Datos personales a una organización o país, salvo que existan unos controles adecuados establecidos incluyendo la seguridad de sus datos y otra información personal.
Divulgación de datos
Operaciones empresariales
Si Sheet Music Scanner participa en una fusión, adquisición o venta de activos, sus Datos personales podrán ser transferidos. Le notificaremos antes de transferir sus Datos personales y de que estos se encuentren sujetos a una Política de privacidad diferente.
Divulgación por obligación legal
En determinadas circunstancias, Sheet Music Scanner puede estar obligada a divulgar sus Datos personales cuando así lo exija la legislación o en respuesta a solicitudes válidas de autoridades públicas (por ejemplo, un tribunal o un organismo público).
Requisitos legales
Sheet Music Scanner puede divulgar sus Datos personales de buena fe cuando considere que esta acción es necesaria para lo siguiente:
Cumplir una obligación legal
Proteger y defender los derechos o bienes de Sheet Music Scanner
Prevenir o investigar posibles infracciones en relación con el Servicio
Proteger la seguridad personal de usuarios del Servicio o del público
Protegerse frente a consecuencias legales
Seguridad de los datos
La seguridad de sus datos es importante para nosotros, pero recuerde que ningún método de transmisión por Internet o método de  almacenamiento electrónico resulta 100% seguro. A pesar de que nos esforzamos por utilizar medios comercialmente aceptables para proteger sus Datos personales, no podemos garantizar su seguridad absoluta.
Señales "No rastrear"
No admitimos señales "No rastrear" (en adelante, "DNT"). DNT es una preferencia que puede establecer en su navegador web para informar a los sitios web de que no desea ser objeto de seguimiento.
Puede activar o desactivar DNT visitando la página de Preferencias o Configuración de su navegador web.
Sus derechos de protección de datos de conformidad con el Reglamento General de Protección de Datos (RGPD)
Si usted reside en el Espacio Económico Europeo (EEE), tiene determinados derechos en materia de protección de datos. Sheet Music Scanner pretende emprender medidas razonables para que usted pueda corregir, modificar, suprimir o limitar el uso de sus Datos personales.
Si desea ser informado de los Datos personales que mantenemos sobre usted y si desea ser eliminado de nuestros sistemas, contacte con nosotros.
En determinadas circunstancias, tiene los siguientes derechos en materia de protección de datos:
El derecho a acceder, actualizar o suprimir la información que tenemos sobre usted.
Siempre que sea posible, usted puede acceder, actualizar o solicitar la supresión de sus Datos personales directamente dentro de la sección de configuración de su cuenta. Si no puede realizar estas acciones usted mismo, contacte con nosotros para que le ayudemos.
El derecho de rectificación.
Tiene derecho a que su información sea rectificada si esa información es inexacta o incompleta.
El derecho de oposición.
Tiene el derecho a oponerse a que tratemos sus Datos personales.
El derecho a la limitación.
Tiene derecho a solicitar que limitemos el tratamiento de sus datos personales.
El derecho a la portabilidad de los datos.
Tiene derecho a que se le facilite una copia de los datos que mantenemos sobre usted en un formato estructurado, de uso común y lectura mecánica.
El derecho a retirar su consentimiento.
Tiene derecho a retirar su consentimiento en cualquier momento cuando Sheet Music Scanner se haya basado en su consentimiento para tratar sus datos personales.
Tenga en cuenta que es posible que le pidamos que verifique su identidad antes de responder a estas solicitudes.
Tiene derecho a presentar una reclamación a una autoridad de control en relación con nuestra recopilación y uso de sus Datos personales. Para más información, contacte con su autoridad de control local en el Espacio Económico Europeo (EEE).
Proveedores de servicios
Podemos contratar a personas físicas y jurídicas terceras para facilitar nuestro Servicio ("Proveedores de servicios"), para que presten el Servicio en nuestro nombre, para que suministren servicios relacionados con el Servicio o para que nos ayuden a analizar cómo se utiliza nuestro Servicio.
Estos terceros tienen acceso a sus Datos personales únicamente para realizar estas tareas en nuestro nombre y están obligados a no divulgarlos ni utilizarlos con ningún otro fin.
Análisis
Podemos utilizar Proveedores de servicios terceros para controlar y analizar el uso de nuestro Servicio.
Flurry Analytics
El servicio de Flurry Analytics es operado por Yahoo! Inc.
Puede optar por inhabilitar el servicio de Flurry Analytics para impedir que Flurry Analytics use y comparta sus datos visitando la página de inhabilitación de Flurry:
https://developer.yahoo.com/flurry/end-user-opt-out/
Para más información sobre las prácticas y políticas de privacidad de Yahoo!, visite la página de su Política de privacidad:
https://policies.yahoo.com/xa/en/yahoo/privacy/index.htm
Enlaces a otros sitios
Nuestro Servicio puede contener enlaces a otros sitios no operados por nosotros. Si hace clic en el enlace de un tercero, será dirigido al sitio de ese tercero. Le recomendamos encarecidamente que revise la Política de privacidad de todos los sitios que visite.
No tenemos ningún control ni asumimos responsabilidad alguna con respecto al contenido, las políticas o prácticas de privacidad de sitios o servicios de terceros.
Privacidad del menor
Nuestro servicio no está dirigido a ningún menor de 18 años (en adelante, "Menor").
No recopilamos de forma consciente información personalmente identificable de menores de 18 años. Si es usted un padre/madre o tutor y tiene conocimiento de que su hijo nos ha facilitado Datos personales, contacte con nosotros. Si tenemos conocimiento de que hemos recopilado Datos personales de menores sin verificación del consentimiento parental, tomamos medidas para eliminar esa información de nuestros servidores.
Cambios en esta Política de privacidad
Podemos actualizar nuestra Política de privacidad periódicamente. Le notificaremos cualquier cambio publicando la nueva Política de privacidad en esta página.
Le informaremos a través del e-mail y/o de un aviso destacado sobre nuestro Servicio antes de que el cambio entre en vigor y actualizaremos la «fecha efectiva» en la parte superior de esta Política de privacidad.
Le recomendamos que revise esta Política de privacidad periódicamente para comprobar si se ha introducido algún cambio. Los cambios en esta Política de privacidad entran en vigor cuando se publican en esta página.
Contacte con nosotros
Si tiene alguna pregunta sobre esta Política de privacidad, contacte con nosotros:
Por e-mail: support@sheetmusicscanner.com
Informativa sulla Privacy
Data di entrata in vigore: October 29, 2018
Sheet Music Scanner ("noi" o "nostro") gestisce il Sheet Music Scanner l'applicazione per dispositivi mobili (in appresso il "Servizio").
Questa pagina vi informa delle nostre politiche riguardanti la raccolta, l'uso e la divulgazione dei dati personali quando usate il nostro Servizio e le scelte che avete associato a quei dati.
Utilizziamo i vostri dati per fornire e migliorare il Servizio. Utilizzando il Servizio, accettate la raccolta e l'utilizzo delle informazioni in conformità con questa informativa. Se non diversamente definito nella presente Informativa sulla privacy, i termini utilizzati nella presente Informativa hanno la stessa valenza dei nostri Termini e condizioni.
Definizioni
Servizio
Il Servizio è l'applicazione per dispositivi mobili Sheet Music Scanner gestita dalla Sheet Music Scanner
Dati personali
I Dati personali sono i dati di un individuo vivente che può essere identificato da quei dati (o da quelli e altre informazioni in nostro possesso o che potrebbero venire in nostro possesso).
Dati di utilizzo
I dati di utilizzo sono i dati raccolti automaticamente generati dall'utilizzo del Servizio o dall'infrastruttura del Servizio stesso (ad esempio, la durata della visita di una pagina).
Cookies
I cookie sono piccoli file memorizzati sul vostro dispositivo (computer o dispositivo mobile).
Titolare del trattamento dei dati
Il Titolare del trattamento dei dati indica la persona fisica o giuridica che (da sola o congiuntamente o in comune con altre persone) determina le finalità e il modo in cui le informazioni personali sono o saranno elaborate.
Ai fini della presente Informativa sulla privacy, siamo Titolari del trattamento dei vostri dati personali.
Responsabili del trattamento (o Fornitori di servizi)
Responsabile del trattamento (o Fornitore di servizi) indica qualsiasi persona fisica o giuridica che elabora i dati per conto del Titolare del trattamento.
Possiamo utilizzare i servizi di vari Fornitori di servizi al fine di elaborare i dati in modo più efficace.
Persona interessata (o Utente)
La Persona interessata è un individuo vivente che utilizza il nostro servizio ed è l'oggetto dei dati personali.
Raccolta e uso delle informazioni
Raccogliamo diversi tipi di informazioni per vari scopi, per fornire e migliorare il nostro servizio.
Tipologie di Dati raccolti
Dati personali
Durante l'utilizzo del nostro Servizio, potremmo chiedervi di fornirci alcune informazioni di identificazione personale che possono essere utilizzate per contattarvi o identificarvi ("Dati personali"). Le informazioni di identificazione personale possono includere, ma non sono limitate a:
Cookie e dati di utilizzo
Dati di utilizzo
Quando si accede al Servizio attraverso un dispositivo mobile, potremmo raccogliere automaticamente alcune informazioni, inclusi, ma non solo, il tipo di dispositivo mobile che si utilizza, l'ID univoco del dispositivo mobile, l'indirizzo IP del dispositivo mobile, il sistema operativo mobile, il tipo di browser Internet mobile che utilizzate, identificatori di dispositivo univoci e altri dati diagnostici ("Dati di utilizzo").
Tracciamento; dati dei cookie
Utilizziamo cookie e tecnologie di tracciamento simili per tracciare l'attività sul nostro Servizio e conservare determinate informazioni.
I cookie sono file con una piccola quantità di dati che possono includere un identificatore univoco anonimo. I cookie vengono inviati al vostro browser da un sito web e memorizzati sul vostro dispositivo. Altre tecnologie di tracciamento utilizzate sono anche beacon, tag e script per raccogliere e tenere traccia delle informazioni e per migliorare e analizzare il nostro Servizio.
Potete chiedere al vostro browser di rifiutare tutti i cookie o di indicare quando viene inviato un cookie. Tuttavia, se non si accettano i cookie, potrebbe non essere possibile utilizzare alcune parti del nostro Servizio.
Esempi di cookie che utilizziamo:
Cookie di sessione.
Utilizziamo i cookie di sessione per gestire il nostro servizio.
Cookie di preferenza.
Utilizziamo i cookie di preferenza per ricordare le vostre preferenze e varie impostazioni.
Cookie di sicurezza.
Utilizziamo i cookie di sicurezza per motivi di sicurezza.
Uso dei dati
Sheet Music Scanner utilizza i dati raccolti per vari scopi:
Per fornire e mantenere il nostro Servizio
Per comunicare agli utenti variazioni apportate al servizio che offriamo
Per permettere agli utenti di fruire, a propria discrezione, di funzioni interattive del nostro servizio
Per fornire un servizio ai clienti
Per raccogliere analisi o informazioni preziose in modo da poter migliorare il nostro Servizio
Per monitorare l'utilizzo del nostro Servizio
Per rilevare, prevenire e affrontare problemi tecnici
Base legale per l'elaborazione dei dati personali in base al regolamento generale sulla protezione dei dati (GDPR)
Se appartenete allo Spazio Economico Europeo (SEE), la base legale di Sheet Music Scanner per la raccolta e l'utilizzo delle informazioni personali descritte nella presente Informativa sulla Privacy dipende dai Dati Personali che raccogliamo e dallo specifico contesto in cui vengono raccolti.
Sheet Music Scanner può trattare i vostri dati personali perché:
Dobbiamo eseguire un contratto con voi
Ci avete dato il permesso di farlo
Il trattamento rientra nei nostri legittimi interessi e non è contrario ai vostri diritti
Ciò è necessario per essere conformi alla legge
Conservazione dei dati
Sheet Music Scanner conserverà i vostri dati personali solo per il tempo necessario ai fini indicati nella presente Informativa sulla privacy. Conserveremo e utilizzeremo i vostri Dati personali nella misura necessaria per adempiere ai nostri obblighi legali (ad esempio, se ci viene richiesto di conservare i vostri dati per conformarci alle leggi applicabili), risolvere le controversie e applicare i nostri accordi e le nostre politiche legali.
Sheet Music Scanner conserverà anche i Dati di utilizzo a fini di analisi interna. I Dati di utilizzo vengono generalmente conservati per un periodo di tempo più breve, tranne quando questi dati vengono utilizzati per rafforzare la sicurezza o per migliorare la funzionalità del nostro servizio, o se siamo legalmente obbligati a conservare questi dati per periodi di tempo più lunghi.
Trasferimento dei dati
Le vostre informazioni, compresi i Dati personali, possono essere trasferite a - e mantenute su - computer situati al di fuori del vostro stato, provincia, nazione o altra giurisdizione governativa dove le leggi sulla protezione dei dati possono essere diverse da quelle della vostra giurisdizione.
Se ci si trova al di fuori di  e si sceglie di fornire informazioni a noi, si ricorda che trasferiamo i dati, compresi i dati personali, in  e li elaboriamo lì.
Il vostro consenso alla presente Informativa sulla privacy seguito dall'invio di tali informazioni rappresenta il vostro consenso al trasferimento.
Sheet Music Scanner adotterà tutte le misure ragionevolmente necessarie per garantire che i vostri dati siano trattati in modo sicuro e in conformità con la presente Informativa sulla privacy e nessun trasferimento dei vostri Dati Personali sarà effettuato a un'organizzazione o a un paese a meno che non vi siano controlli adeguati dei vostri dati e altre informazioni personali.
Divulgazione di dati
Transazione commerciale
Se Sheet Music Scanner è coinvolta in una fusione, acquisizione o vendita di attività, i vostri Dati personali possono essere trasferiti. Vi forniremo preavviso prima che i vostri Dati personali vengano trasferiti e diventino soggetti ad una politica di Privacy diversa.
Divulgazione per l'applicazione della legge
In determinate circostanze, a Sheet Music Scanner potrebbe essere richiesto di divulgare i dati personali dell'utente se richiesto dalla legge o in risposta a richieste valide da parte delle autorità pubbliche (ad esempio un tribunale o un'agenzia governativa).
Prescrizioni di legge
Sheet Music Scanner può divulgare i vostri Dati personali in buona fede, ritenendo che tale azione sia necessaria per:
Rispettare un obbligo legale
Proteggere e difendere i diritti o la proprietà di Sheet Music Scanner
Prevenire o investigare possibili illeciti in relazione al Servizio
Proteggere la sicurezza personale degli utenti del Servizio o del pubblico
Proteggere contro la responsabilità legale
Sicurezza dei dati
La sicurezza dei vostri dati è importante per noi, ma ricordate che nessun metodo di trasmissione su Internet o metodo di archiviazione elettronica è sicuro al 100%. Pertanto, anche se adotteremo ogni mezzo commercialmente accettabile per proteggere i vostri Dati personali, non possiamo garantirne la sicurezza assoluta.
Segnali "Do Not Track"
Non sosteniamo Do Not Track ("DNT"). Do Not Track è una preferenza che potete impostare nel browser web per informare i siti web che non si desidera essere rintracciati.
Potete abilitare o disabilitare la non tracciabilità visitando la pagina Preferenze o Impostazioni del vostro browser web.
I vostri diritti sulla protezione dei dati ai sensi del regolamento generale sulla protezione dei dati (GDPR)
Se risiedete nello Spazio economico europeo (SEE), avete determinati diritti di protezione dei dati.  Sheet Music Scanner intende adottare misure ragionevoli per consentire all'utente di correggere, modificare, eliminare o limitare l'utilizzo dei propri Dati personali.
Se desiderate essere informati sui Dati personali che deteniamo su di voi e se volete che vengano rimossi dai nostri sistemi, vi preghiamo di contattarci.
In determinate circostanze, avete i seguenti diritti di protezione dei dati:
Il diritto di accedere, aggiornare o cancellare le informazioni che abbiamo su di voi.
Se reso possibile, potete accedere, aggiornare o richiedere la cancellazione dei vostri Dati personali direttamente dalla sezione delle impostazioni dell'account. Se non siete in grado di eseguire personalmente queste azioni, contattaci per assistervi.
Diritto di rettifica.
Avete il diritto di rettificare le vostre informazioni se tali informazioni sono inesatte o incomplete.
Diritto di opposizione.
Avete il diritto di obiettare al nostro trattamento dei vostri Dati personali.
Diritto di restrizione.
Avete il diritto di richiedere di limitare il trattamento dei vostri dati personali.
Diritto alla portabilità dei dati.
Avete il diritto di ricevere una copia delle informazioni che abbiamo su di voi in un formato strutturato, leggibile automaticamente e comunemente usato.
Diritto di recedere dal consenso.
YAvete anche il diritto di ritirare il vostro consenso in qualsiasi momento in cui Sheet Music Scanner si è basata sul vostro consenso al trattamento dei vostri dati personali.
Vi preghiamo di notare che potremmo chiedervi di verificare la vostra identità prima di rispondere a tali richieste.
Avete il diritto di sporgere denuncia presso un'Autorità per la protezione dei dati in merito alla nostra raccolta e utilizzo dei vostri dati personali. Per ulteriori informazioni, contattare l'autorità locale per la protezione dei dati nello Spazio economico europeo (SEE).
Fornitori di servizi
Potremmo impiegare società e individui di terze parti per facilitare il nostro Servizio ("Fornitori di servizi"), per fornire il Servizio per nostro conto, per eseguire servizi relativi ai Servizi o per aiutarci ad analizzare come viene utilizzato il nostro Servizio.
Le terze parti hanno accesso ai vostri Dati personali solo per eseguire queste attività per nostro conto e sono obbligate a non rivelarle o utilizzarle per altri scopi.
Statistiche
Potremmo utilizzare i Fornitori di servizi di terze parti per monitorare e analizzare l'utilizzo del nostro servizio.
Flurry Analytics
Il servizio Flurry Analytics è fornito da Yahoo! Inc.
Potete decidere di rinunciare al servizio di Flurry Analytics per evitare che Flurry Analytics utilizzi e condivida le vostre informazioni visitando la pagina di opt-out di Flurry:
https://developer.yahoo.com/flurry/end-user-opt-out/
Per ulteriori informazioni sulle prassi e le politiche di Yahoo! relative alla privacy, potete visitare la loro pagina web sull'Informativa sulla Privacy:
https://policies.yahoo.com/xa/en/yahoo/privacy/index.htm
Link ad altri siti
OIl nostro servizio può contenere collegamenti ad altri siti non gestiti da noi. Cliccando su un link di terze parti, sarete indirizzati al sito di quella terza parte. Ti consigliamo vivamente di rivedere l'Informativa sulla privacy di ogni sito che visiti.
Non abbiamo alcun controllo e non ci assumiamo alcuna responsabilità per il contenuto, le politiche sulla privacy o le pratiche di qualsiasi sito o servizio di terzi.
Privacy dei minori
Il nostro servizio non si rivolge a minori di 18 anni ("Bambini").
Non raccogliamo consapevolmente informazioni personali relative a utenti di età inferiore a 18 anni. Se siete un genitore o tutore e siete consapevoli che vostro figlio ci ha fornito Dati personali, vi preghiamo di contattarci. Se veniamo a conoscenza del fatto che abbiamo raccolto Dati personali da minori senza la verifica del consenso dei genitori, adotteremo provvedimenti per rimuovere tali informazioni dai nostri server.
Modifiche alla presente informativa sulla privacy
Potremmo aggiornare periodicamente la nostra Informativa sulla privacy. Ti informeremo di eventuali modifiche pubblicando la nuova Informativa sulla privacy in questa pagina.
Vi informeremo via e-mail e / o un avviso di rilievo sul nostro Servizio, prima che la modifica diventi effettiva e aggiorneremo la "data di validità" nella parte superiore di questa Informativa sulla privacy.
Si consiglia di rivedere periodicamente la presente Informativa sulla privacy per eventuali modifiche. Le modifiche a tale informativa sulla privacy entrano in vigore nel momento in cui vengono pubblicate su questa pagina.
Contattaci
In caso di domande sulla presente Informativa sulla privacy, si prega di contattarci:
Tramite e-mail: support@sheetmusicscanner.com
Politique de Confidentialité
Date de prise d'effet: October 29, 2018
Sheet Music Scanner ("nous", "notre", "nos") exploite l'application mobile Sheet Music Scanner (ci-après désignée par le terme "Service").
Cette page vous explique nos politiques en matière de collecte, d'utilisation et de communication des données à caractère personnel lorsque vous utilisez notre Service ainsi que les choix qui s'offrent à vous en ce qui concerne ces données.
Nous utilisons vos données pour fournir et améliorer le Service. En utilisant le Service, vous consentez à la collecte et à l'utilisation d'informations conformément à la présente politique. Sauf définition contraire dans la présente Politique de Confidentialité, les termes utilisés dans la présente Politique de Confidentialité ont la même signification que dans nos Conditions Générales.
Définitions
Service
Par Service on entend l'application mobile Sheet Music Scanner exploitée par Sheet Music Scanner
Données à caractère personnel
Données à Caractère Personnel désigne des données concernant un individu vivant qui peut être identifié à partir de ces données (ou à partir de ces données et d'autres informations en notre possession ou susceptibles d'entrer en notre possession).
Données d'Utilisation
Les Données d'Utilisation sont recueillies automatiquement et sont générées soit par l'utilisation du Service, soit par l'infrastructure du Service proprement dite (par exemple, durée de consultation d'une page).
Cookies
Les cookies sont de petits fichiers enregistrés sur votre dispositif (ordinateur ou dispositif mobile).
Responsable du Traitement
Responsable du Traitement désigne la personne physique ou morale (seule, ou conjointement ou en commun avec d'autres personnes) qui détermine les finalités et les modalités selon lesquelles toutes les données personnelles sont traitées ou doivent l'être.
Aux fins de la présente Politique de Confidentialité, nous sommes un Responsable du Traitement de vos données à caractère personnel.
Sous-Traitants (ou Prestataires de Services)
Le terme Sous-Traitant (ou Prestataire de Service) désigne toute personne physique ou morale qui traite les données au nom du Responsable du Traitement.
Il se peut que nous fassions appel aux services de plusieurs Prestataires de Services afin de traiter vos données plus efficacement.
Personne Concernée (ou Utilisateur)
Par Personne Concernée, on entend toute personne vivante qui utilise notre Service et est le sujet de Données à Caractère Personnel.
Collecte et utilisation des données
Nous recueillons plusieurs types de données à différentes fins en vue de vous fournir notre Service et de l'améliorer.
Types de données recueillies
Données à Caractère Personnel
Lorsque vous utilisez notre Service, il est possible que nous vous demandions de nous fournir certaines données personnelles nominatives qui peuvent servir à vous contacter ou à vous identifier ("Données à Caractère Personnel"). Les données personnelles nominatives peuvent comprendre, mais de manière non limitative:
Cookies et Données d'Utilisation
Données d'Utilisation
Lorsque vous accédez au Service au moyen d'un dispositif mobile, il se peut que nous recueillions certaines informations automatiquement, y compris, mais de manière non limitative, le type de dispositif mobile que vous utilisez, l'identifiant unique de votre dispositif mobile, l'adresse IP de votre dispositif mobile, votre système d'exploitation mobile, le type de navigateur Internet mobile que vous utilisez, les identifiants uniques de dispositifs ainsi que d'autres données de diagnostic ("Données d'Utilisation").
Suivi et données de cookies
Nous avons recours à des cookies et à d'autres technologies de suivi similaires pour effectuer un suivi des activités effectuées dans notre Service, et nous conservons certaines informations.
Les cookies sont des fichiers à faible volume de données pouvant comporter un identifiant unique anonyme. Les cookies sont envoyés à votre navigateur depuis un site web et sont stockés sur votre dispositif. D'autres technologies de suivi telles que les pixels, les balises et les scripts sont également utilisées pour recueillir et suivre des informations et afin d'améliorer et d'analyser notre Service.
Vous pouvez demander à votre navigateur de refuser tous les cookies ou de vous avertir lorsqu'un cookie est envoyé. Toutefois, si vous n'acceptez pas les cookies, il se peut que vous ne puissiez pas utiliser certains éléments de notre Service.
Exemples de cookies que nous utilisons :
Cookies de Session.
Nous utilisons des Cookies de Session pour faire fonctionner notre Service.
Cookies de Préférences.
Nous utilisons des Cookies de Préférences pour mémoriser vos préférences et vos différents paramètres.
Cookies de Sécurité.
Nous utilisons des Cookies de Sécurité pour des raisons de sécurité.
Utilisation des données
Sheet Music Scanner utilise les données recueillies à des fins diverses:
Pour fournir et assurer notre Service
Pour vous faire part des changements apportés à notre Service
Pour vous permettre d'utiliser les fonctions interactives de notre Service quand vous le souhaitez
Pour assurer l'assistance client
Pour recueillir des données précieuses ou d'analyses qui nous permettront d'améliorer notre Service
Pour contrôler l'utilisation de notre Service
Pour détecter, prévenir et régler les problèmes techniques
Fondement juridique du traitement des données à caractère personnel en vertu du Règlement Général relatif à la Protection des Données (RGPD)
Si vous résidez dans l'Espace économique européen (EEE), le fondement juridique de Sheet Music Scanner en ce qui concerne la collecte et l'utilisation des données personnelles décrites dans la présente Politique de Confidentialité dépend des Données à Caractère Personnel que nous recueillons et du contexte précis dans lequel nous les recueillons.
Sheet Music Scanner peut traiter vos Données à Caractère Personnel:
Parce que nous avons besoin d'exécuter un contrat passé avec vous
Parce que vous nous avez autorisés à le faire
Parce que nous avons un intérêt légitime à effectuer ce traitement et que vos droits ne priment pas sur cet intérêt légitime
Pour respecter la loi
Conservation des données
Sheet Music Scanner ne conservera vos Données à Caractère Personnel que tant que cela sera nécessaire aux fins stipulées dans la présente Politique de Confidentialité. Nous conserverons et utiliserons vos Données à Caractère Personnel dans la mesure où cela sera nécessaire pour que nous puissions nous acquitter de nos obligations légales (par exemple, pour respecter la législation en vigueur), résoudre des différends et appliquer nos accords et nos politiques.
Sheet Music Scanner conservera également les Données d'Utilisation à des fins d'analyses internes. Les Données d'Utilisation sont généralement conservées pour une période plus courte, sauf lorsque ces données sont utilisées pour renforcer la sécurité ou pour améliorer les fonctionnalités de notre Service, ou si nous sommes légalement tenus de conserver ces données plus longtemps.
Transfert des données
Les informations vous concernant, notamment vos Données à Caractère Personnel, peuvent être transférées de votre région, province, pays, ou autre division territoriale vers des ordinateurs – et stockées sur ces derniers – situés à un endroit où la législation relative à la protection des données diffère de celle du territoire où vous résidez.
Si vous résidez hors de/du  et que vous choisissez de nous communiquer des informations, sachez que nous transférons les données, y compris les Données à Caractère Personnel, vers le/la  et que nous les y traitons.
En acceptant la présente Politique de Confidentialité puis en soumettant ces informations, vous consentez à ce transfert.
Sheet Music Scanner prendra toutes les mesures raisonnablement nécessaires pour faire en sorte que vos données soient traitées de manière sécurisée et conformément à la présente Politique de Confidentialité et vos Données à Caractère Personnel ne seront transférées vers aucune organisation ni aucun pays à moins que des contrôles adéquats ne soient en place, notamment en ce qui concerne la sécurité de vos données et d'autres données personnelles.
Communication de données
Opération commerciale
Si Sheet Music Scanner est impliquée dans une fusion, une acquisition ou une vente d'actifs, il se peut que vos Données à Caractère Personnel soient transférées. Avant que vos Données à Caractère Personnel ne soient transférées et ne soient soumises à une Politique de Confidentialité différente, nous vous en aviserons.
Communication de données aux forces de l'ordre
Dans certaines circonstances, Sheet Music Scanner peut être tenue de communiquer vos Données à Caractère Personnel si la loi l'exige ou en réponse à des demandes valides émanant de pouvoirs publics (par ex. un tribunal ou un organisme gouvernemental).
Exigences légales
Sheet Music Scanner peut communiquer vos Données à Caractère Personnel si elle estime de bonne foi que cela est nécessaire pour:
S'acquitter d'une obligation légale
Protéger et défendre les droits ou les biens de Sheet Music Scanner
Prévenir d'éventuels actes répréhensibles ou enquêter sur de tels actes dans le cadre du Service
Assurer la sécurité personnelle des utilisateurs du Service ou du public
Se protéger contre la responsabilité civile
Sécurité des données
La sécurité de vos données nous tient à cœur. Toutefois, n'oubliez pas qu'aucune méthode de transmission de données par Internet ou méthode de stockage électronique n'est sûre à 100 %. Bien que nous nous efforcions d'utiliser des méthodes commercialement acceptables pour protéger vos Données à Caractère Personnel, nous ne pouvons pas leur garantir une sécurité absolue.
Signaux "Ne pas me suivre"
Nous ne prenons pas en charge "Ne pas me suivre" ("NPS"). "Ne pas me suivre" est une préférence que vous pouvez définir dans votre navigateur web pour indiquer aux sites web que vous ne voulez pas être suivi.
Vous pouvez activer ou désactiver "Ne pas me suivre" en vous rendant sur la page Préférences ou Paramètres de votre navigateur web.
Droits à la protection des données qui vous sont accordés par le Règlement Général relatif à la Protection des Données (RGPD)
Si vous résidez dans l'Espace économique européen (EEE), vous avez certains droits en matière de protection des données. Sheet Music Scanner entend prendre des mesures raisonnables pour vous permettre de corriger, de modifier, ou de supprimer vos Données à Caractère Personnel ou d'en limiter l'utilisation.
Si vous souhaitez savoir quelles Données à Caractère Personnel nous détenons à votre sujet et voulez qu'elles soient supprimées de nos systèmes, veuillez nous contacter.
Dans certaines circonstances, vous avez les droits suivants en matière de protection des données:
Le droit d'accéder aux informations que nous détenons à votre sujet, de les actualiser ou de les supprimer.
Lorsque cette option est proposée, vous pouvez consulter ou actualiser vos Données à Caractère Personnel ou en demander la suppression dans la section paramètres de votre compte. Si vous ne pouvez pas effectuer ces actions vous-même, merci de nous contacter pour obtenir de l'aide.
Droit de rectification.
Vous avez le droit de faire rectifier vos données si elles sont inexactes ou incomplètes.
Droit d'opposition.
Vous avez le droit de vous opposer à ce que nous traitions vos Données à Caractère Personnel.
Droit de limitation
Vous avez le droit de nous demander de limiter le traitement de vos données personnelles.
Le droit à la portabilité des données.
Vous avez le droit de recevoir une copie des informations que nous détenons à votre sujet dans un format couramment utilisé, structuré et lisible par une machine.
Droit au retrait du consentement.
Vous avez également le droit de retirer votre consentement à tout moment si Sheet Music Scanner s'est appuyé sur votre consentement pour traiter vos données personnelles.
Veuillez noter que nous pouvons vous demander de prouver votre identité avant de répondre à des demandes de cette nature.
Vous avez le droit de déposer plainte auprès d'une autorité de protection des données au sujet de notre collecte et de notre utilisation de vos Données à Caractère Personnel. Pour plus de précisions, veuillez contacter l'autorité de protection des données la plus proche de vous dans l'Espace économique européen (EEE).
Prestataires de services
Nous pouvons faire appel à des sociétés tierces et à des tierces personnes pour faciliter la prestation de notre Service ("Prestataires de Services"), assurer le Service en notre nom, assurer des services liés au Service ou nous aider à analyser la façon dont notre Service est utilisé.
Ces tiers n'ont accès à vos Données à Caractère Personnel que pour effectuer ces tâches en notre nom et il leur est interdit de les communiquer ou de les utiliser à quelle qu'autre fin.
Analyses
Nous pouvons faire appel à des Prestataires de Services tiers pour surveiller et analyser l'utilisation de notre Service.
Flurry Analytics
Le service Flurry Analytics est fourni par Yahoo! Inc.
Vous pouvez refuser le service Flurry Analytics pour empêcher Flurry Analytics d'utiliser et de partager vos données en vous rendant sur la page de refus de Flurry:
https://developer.yahoo.com/flurry/end-user-opt-out/
Pour plus de précisions sur les pratiques et politiques de confidentialité de Yahoo!, merci de consulter la page de sa politique de confidentialité:
https://policies.yahoo.com/xa/en/yahoo/privacy/index.htm
Liens pointant vers d'autres sites
Il se peut que notre Service contienne des liens pointant vers d'autres sites que nous n'exploitons pas. Si vous cliquez sur un lien de tiers, vous serez redirigé vers le site de ce tiers. Nous vous recommandons vivement d'examiner la politique de confidentialité de chacun des sites que vous consultez.
Nous n'avons aucun contrôle sur le contenu, les politiques ou pratiques de confidentialité des sites ou services de tiers et déclinons toute responsabilité en ce qui les concerne.
Vie privée des enfants
Notre Service ne s'adresse pas aux personnes de moins de 18 ans ("Enfants").
Nous ne recueillons pas sciemment de données personnelles nominatives auprès de personnes de moins de 18 ans. Si vous êtes un parent ou un tuteur et que vous savez que votre Enfant nous a communiqué des Données à Caractère Personnel, veuillez nous contacter. Si nous apprenons que nous avons recueilli des Données à Caractère Personnel auprès d'enfants sans vérifier s'il y a consentement parental, nous faisons le nécessaire pour supprimer ces informations de nos serveurs.
Modifications de la présente Politique de Confidentialité
Nous nous réservons le droit d'actualiser notre Politique de Confidentialité de temps à autre. Nous vous informerons de toute modification en publiant la nouvelle Politique de Confidentialité sur cette page.
Avant que la modification ne prenne effet, nous vous en informerons par e-mail et/ ou en plaçant un avis bien en vue dans notre Service et nous actualiserons la "date de prise d'effet" qui figure en haut de la présente Politique de Confidentialité.
Nous vous conseillons de consulter la présente Politique de Confidentialité périodiquement pour prendre connaissance de toute modification. Les modifications apportées à la présente Politique de Confidentialité prennent effet lorsqu'elles sont publiées sur cette page.
Nous contacter
Pour toute question relative à la présente Politique de Confidentialité, veuillez nous contacter:
Par courrier électronique: support@sheetmusicscanner.com
Datenschutz-Richtlinie
Datum des Inkrafttretens: October 29, 2018
Sheet Music Scanner ("wir", "uns", "unser" usw.) betreibt die mobile App Sheet Music Scanner (nachstehend als "Dienst" bezeichnet).
Diese Seite enthält Informationen zu der Art und Weise, auf welche wir personenbezogene Daten erfassen, nutzen und offenlegen, wenn Sie unseren Dienst nutzen, sowie zu den Optionen, die Ihnen im Zusammenhang mit diesen Daten zur Verfügung stehen.
Wir nutzen Ihre Daten zur Bereitstellung und Verbesserung unseres Dienstes. Durch Inanspruchnahme des Dienstes erklären Sie sich mit der Erfassung und Nutzung von Daten durch uns nach Maßgabe dieser Richtlinie einverstanden. Soweit in dieser Datenschutz-Richtlinie nicht jeweils etwas anderes angegeben ist, kommt den in dieser Datenschutz-Richtlinie vorkommenden Begriffen jeweils dieselbe Bedeutung zu, die diesen in unseren Allgemeinen Geschäftsbedingungen (Terms and Conditions) zugewiesen wurde.
Begriffsbestimmungen
Dienst
Der Dienst ist die von dem Sheet Music Scanner betriebene mobile App Sheet Music Scanner
Personenbezogene Daten
Personenbezogene Daten sind Daten, die sich auf eine lebende Person beziehen, welche anhand dieser Daten (bzw. anhand dieser Daten in Kombination mit weiteren Informationen, die sich bereits in unserem Besitz befinden oder mit Wahrscheinlichkeit in unseren Besitz gelangen werden) identifizierbar ist.
Nutzungsdaten
Nutzungsdaten sind Daten, die automatisch im Rahmen der Nutzung des Dienstes oder innerhalb der Dienstinfrastruktur selbst (beispielsweise für die Dauer eines Seitenbesuchs) erfasst werden.
Cookies
Cookies sind kleine Dateien, die auf Ihrem Gerät (Computer oder mobiles Endgerät) gespeichert werden.
Datenverantwortlicher
Der Datenverantwortliche ist eine natürliche oder juristische Person, die (entweder alleine oder zusammen mit weiteren Personen) die Zwecke sowie die Art und Weise festlegt, für bzw. auf welche personenbezogene Daten verarbeitet werden bzw. zu verarbeiten sind.
Für die Zwecke dieser Datenschutz-Richtlinie sind wir der Datenverantwortliche in Bezug auf Ihre personenbezogenen Daten.
Datenverarbeiter (oder Leistungsanbieter)
Ein Datenverarbeiter (oder Leistungsanbieter) ist eine natürliche oder juristische Person, welche die Daten im Namen des Datenverantwortlichen verarbeitet.
Wir können die Leistungen verschiedener Leistungsanbieter in Anspruch nehmen, um Ihre Daten auf effizientere Weise zu verarbeiten.
Datensubjekt (oder Nutzer)
Ein Datensubjekt ist eine lebende Einzelperson, die unseren Dienst in Anspruch nimmt und Gegenstand personenbezogener Daten ist.
Erfassung und Nutzung von Daten
Wir erfassen verschiedene Arten von Daten für eine Reihe von Zwecken, um den Dienst, den wir Ihnen zur Verfügung stellen, zu verbessern.
Arten der erfassten Daten
Personenbezogene Daten
Im Rahmen der Nutzung unseres Dienstes bitten wir Sie gegebenenfalls um die Zurverfügungstellung bestimmter persönlich identifizierbarer Daten, die wir dazu nutzen, um Sie zu kontaktieren oder zu identifizieren ("personenbezogene Daten"). Persönlich identifizierbare Daten umfassen beispielsweise folgende Daten (sind jedoch nicht auf diese beschränkt):
Cookies und Nutzungsdaten
Nutzungsdaten
Wenn Sie auf unseren Dienst mithilfe eines mobilen Endgeräts zugreifen, erfassen wir bestimmte Daten gegebenenfalls automatisch, unter anderem den Typ des von Ihnen genutzten mobilen Endgeräts, Ihre individuelle Geräteidentifikation, die IP-Adresse Ihres mobilen Endgeräts, Ihr mobiles Betriebssystem, den Typ des von Ihnen genutzten mobilen Internetbrowsers, individuelle Geräteidentifikationsmerkmale und weitere Diagnostikdaten ("Nutzungsdaten").
Tracking & Cookies
Wir setzen Cookies und ähnliche Tracking-Technologien zur Überwachung der Aktivität innerhalb unseres Dienstes ein und speichern in diesem Zusammenhang bestimmte Daten.
Cookies sind Dateien mit einem geringen Datenumfang, wie zum Beispiel anonyme einzigartige Identifikatoren. Cookies werden von einer Website an Ihren Browser gesendet und auf Ihrem Gerät gespeichert. Die sonstigen von uns eingesetzten Tracking-Technologien sind so genannte Beacons, Tags und Scripts und dienen der Erfassung und Nachverfolgung von Daten sowie der Verbesserung und Analyse unseres Dienstes.
Sie können in den Einstellungen Ihres Browsers bestimmen, ob Sie alle Cookies ablehnen oder nur bestimmte Cookies akzeptieren möchten. Falls Sie jedoch die Annahme von Cookies verweigern, können Sie gegebenenfalls Teile unseres Dienstes nicht in Anspruch nehmen.
Beispiele für von uns eingesetzte Cookies:
Sitzungs-Cookies.
Wir setzen Sitzungs-Cookies für den Betrieb unseres Dienstes ein.
Präferenz-Cookies.
Wir setzen Präferenz-Cookies ein, um Ihre Präferenzen und verschiedenen Einstellungen zu speichern.
Sicherheits-Cookies.
Wir setzen Sicherheits-Cookies für Sicherheitszwecke ein.
Datennutzung
Wir bei Sheet Music Scanner nutzen die erfassten Daten für verschiedene Zwecke, beispielsweise um:
Ihnen unseren Dienst zur Verfügung zu stellen und diesen aufrecht zu erhalten;
Ihnen Änderungen in Bezug auf unseren Dienst mitzuteilen;
es Ihnen auf Wunsch zu ermöglichen, an den interaktiven Teilen unseres Dienstes teilzunehmen;
Kundendienstleistungen zur Verfügung zu stellen;
Analysedaten und sonstige wertvolle Daten zu erfassen, damit wir unseren Dienst verbessern können;
die Nutzung unseres Dienstes zu überwachen;
technische Probleme zu erkennen, zu vermeiden und zu beheben;
Rechtliche Grundlage für die Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten nach Maßgabe der Datenschutz-Grundverordnung (DSGVO)
Falls sich Ihr Wohnsitz innerhalb des Europäischen Wirtschaftsraums (EWR) befindet, hängt die rechtliche Grundlage von Sheet Music Scanner für die Erfassung und Nutzung der in dieser Datenschutz-Richtlinie beschriebenen personenbezogenen Daten von den von uns erfassten personenbezogenen Daten sowie von dem erfassungsspezifischen Kontext ab.
Wir bei Sheet Music Scanner können Ihre personenbezogenen Daten aus folgenden Gründen verarbeiten:
Wir müssen einen mit Ihnen eingegangen Vertrag erfüllen.
Sie haben uns hierzu Ihre Zustimmung erteilt.
Die Verarbeitung dient unseren legitimen Interessen, und diese sind Ihren Rechten gegenüber nicht nachrangig.
Die Verarbeitung dient der Einhaltung der gesetzlichen Bestimmungen.
Aufbewahrung von Daten
Sheet Music Scanner wird Ihre personenbezogenen Daten nur so lange aufbewahren, wie dies für die Zwecke dieser Datenschutz-Richtlinie erforderlich ist. Wir werden Ihre personenbezogenen Daten in dem Umfang aufbewahren und nutzen, wie es für die Erfüllung unserer gesetzlichen Pflichten (falls wir Ihre Daten beispielsweise zur Einhaltung anwendbarer Gesetze aufbewahren müssen), zur Beilegung von Streitigkeiten sowie zur Durchsetzung unserer rechtlichen Vereinbarungen und Richtlinien erforderlich ist.
Sheet Music Scanner wird außerdem Nutzungsdaten für interne Analysezwecke aufbewahren. Nutzungsdaten werden üblicherweise für kürzere Zeiträume aufbewahrt, soweit diese nicht für eine Verstärkung unserer Sicherheitsvorkehrungen oder eine Verbesserung der Funktionalität unseres Dienstes eingesetzt werden oder wir nicht gesetzlich zu einer längeren Aufbewahrung verpflichtet sind.
Übertragung von Daten
Ihre Daten, einschließlich personenbezogener Daten, können auf Computer übertragen – und auf solchen aufbewahrt – werden, die sich außerhalb Ihres Heimatstaates, Ihrer Heimatprovinz, Ihres Heimatlandes oder einer sonstigen Rechtsordnung befinden und somit Datenschutzgesetzen unterliegen, die sich von den Datenschutzgesetzen in Ihrer Rechtsordnung unterscheiden.
Falls Sie sich außerhalb von  befinden und sich dazu entscheiden, Daten an uns zu übermitteln, müssen Sie zur Kenntnis nehmen, dass wir Ihre Daten, einschließlich personenbezogener Daten, nach  übertragen und diese dort verarbeiten.
Ihre Zustimmung zu dieser Datenschutz-Richtlinie und eine nachfolgende Übermittlung von Daten Ihrerseits stellt eine Einverständniserklärung Ihrerseits zu der genannten Übertragung dar.
Sheet Music Scanner wird alle im zumutbaren Rahmen erforderlichen Schritte unternehmen um sicherzustellen, dass Ihre Daten auf sichere Weise sowie in Übereinstimmung mit dieser Datenschutz-Richtlinie behandelt werden, und dass Ihre personenbezogenen Daten nicht an Organisationen oder in Länder übertragen werden, hinsichtlich welcher keine hinreichenden Kontrollmechanismen in Bezug auf die Sicherheit Ihrer Daten und sonstigen personenbezogenen Informationen vorliegen.
Offenlegung von Daten
Geschäftstransaktion
Falls Sheet Music Scanner an einem Zusammenschluss, einem Unternehmenserwerb oder einem Verkauf von Vermögenswerten beteiligt ist, kann dies zu einer Übertragung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten führen. Wir werden Sie vor einer solchen Übertragung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten, die dann einer anderen Datenschutz-Richtlinie unterliegen, entsprechend informieren.
Offenlegung für Justizvollzugszwecke
Unter bestimmten Umständen ist Sheet Music Scanner gegebenenfalls verpflichtet, Ihre personenbezogenen Daten im Rahmen einer gesetzlichen Pflicht oder aufgrund einer gerichtlichen oder behördlichen Aufforderung offenzulegen.
Gesetzliche Anforderungen
Sheet Music Scanner kann Ihre personenbezogenen Daten unter Umständen offenlegen, wenn es unter Beachtung der Grundsätze von Treu und Glauben der Ansicht ist, dass dies zur Erreichung der nachfolgenden Zielsetzungen erforderlich ist:
zur Erfüllung einer gesetzlichen Pflicht
zum Schutz und zur Verteidigung der Rechte oder des Eigentums von Sheet Music Scanner
zur Vermeidung oder Untersuchung möglicher Fehlverhaltensweisen in Bezug auf den Dienst
zum Schutz der persönlichen Sicherheit der Nutzer des Dienstes oder der Öffentlichkeit
zur Vermeidung von Haftungsansprüchen
Datensicherheit
Die Sicherheit Ihrer Daten ist uns wichtig. Bitte vergessen Sie jedoch nicht, dass es keine Übertragungsmethoden über das Internet und keine elektronischen Speichermedien gibt, die 100 % sicher sind. Obwohl wir stets bemüht sind, kommerziell annehmbare Maßnahmen zum Schutz Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten umzusetzen, können wir eine absolute Sicherheit nicht garantieren.
"Do Not Track"-Signale
"Do Not Track" ("DNT") wird von uns nicht unterstützt. DNT ist eine Einstellung, die Sie innerhalb Ihres Browsers vornehmen können und die Websites mitteilt, dass Sie keine Nachverfolgung wünschen.
Sie können die DNT-Funktion auf der "Präferenzen"- oder "Einstellungen"-Seite Ihres Browsers ein- oder abschalten.
Ihre Datenschutzrechte im Rahmen der Datenschutz-Grundverordnung (DSGVO)
Soweit sich Ihr Wohnsitz innerhalb des Europäischen Wirtschaftsraums (EWR) befindet, haben Sie bestimmte Datenschutzrechte. Sheet Music Scanner ist bestrebt, zumutbare Maßnahmen umzusetzen, die es Ihnen erlauben, Ihre personenbezogenen Daten zu korrigieren, zu ändern, zu löschen oder deren Nutzung zu beschränken.
Falls Sie in Erfahrung bringen möchten, welche personenbezogenen Daten wir zu Ihnen gespeichert haben, und falls Sie eine Löschung Ihrer Daten aus unserem System wünschen, nehmen Sie bitte Kontakt zu uns auf.
Unter bestimmten Umständen haben Sie die folgenden Datenschutzrechte:
Das Recht auf Zugriff auf die Daten, die wir zu Ihnen gespeichert haben, sowie auf deren Aktualisierung bzw.
Löschung. Soweit dies jeweils möglich ist, können Sie auf Ihre personenbezogenen Daten direkt in dem Abschnitt mit Ihren Account-Einstellungen zugreifen sowie diese aktualisieren bzw. um deren Löschung bitten. Falls es Ihnen nicht möglich ist, diese Handlungen selbst vorzunehmen, nehmen Sie bitte Kontakt zu uns auf, damit wir Ihnen behilflich sein können.
Das Recht auf Berichtigung.
Sie haben das Recht auf Berichtigung Ihrer Daten, falls diese unzutreffend oder unvollständig sein sollten.
Das Recht auf Widerspruch.
Sie haben das Recht, einer Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten durch uns zu widersprechen.
Das Recht auf Beschränkung.
Sie haben das Recht, die Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten durch uns zu beschränken.
Das Recht auf Datenportabilität.
Sie haben das Recht, von uns die Aushändigung einer Abschrift der Daten, die wir zu Ihnen gespeichert haben, in einem strukturierten, maschinenlesbaren und üblichen Format zu verlangen.
Das Recht auf Zustimmungsrücknahme.
Sie haben außerdem das Recht, Ihre Zustimmung in Fällen, in denen Sheet Music Scanner rsich auf Ihre Zustimmung zur Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten verlassen hat, jederzeit zurückzunehmen.
Bitte nehmen Sie zur Kenntnis, dass wir vor einer Bearbeitung solcher Anfragen gegebenenfalls Ihre Identität überprüfen.
Sie haben das Recht, in Bezug auf die Erfassung und Nutzung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten eine Beschwerde bei einer Datenschutzbehörde einzulegen. Nähere Informationen in diesem Zusammenhang können Sie von der für Sie örtlich zuständigen Datenschutzbehörde innerhalb des Europäischen Wirtschaftsraums (EWR) erfragen.
Leistungsanbieter
Wir beauftragen gegebenenfalls dritte Unternehmen und Einzelpersonen ("Leistungsanbieter") mit Unterstützungsleistungen zum einfacheren Angebot unseres Dienstes, mit der Erbringung von Leistungen in unserem Namen, mit der Erbringung von mit unserem Dienst verbundenen Leistungen oder mit Unterstützungsleistungen zur Analyse der Art und Weise, auf die unser Dienst in Anspruch genommen wird.
Diese Dritten können auf Ihre personenbezogenen Daten nur in dem Umfang Zugriff nehmen, der für die Erfüllung der genannten Aufgaben in unserem Namen erforderlich ist, und dürfen diese für keine sonstigen Zwecke offenlegen oder nutzen.
Analytik
Wir beauftragen gegebenenfalls dritte Leistungsanbieter mit der Überwachung und Analyse der Nutzung unseres Dienstes.
Flurry Analytics
Flurry Analytics ist ein Angebot von Yahoo! Inc.
Sie können Flurry Analytics deaktivieren und so eine Nutzung und Teilung Ihrer Daten durch Flurry Analytics verhindern, indem Sie die Deaktivierungsseite von Flurry Analytics besuchen:
https://developer.yahoo.com/flurry/end-user-opt-out/
Weitere Informationen zu den Datenschutzmaßnahmen von Yahoo! können Sie auf Yahoo!s Webseite mit seiner Datenschutz-Richtlinie (Privacy Policy) einsehen:
https://policies.yahoo.com/xa/en/yahoo/privacy/index.htm
Links zu anderen Websites
Unser Dienst kann Links zu anderen Websites enthalten, die nicht von uns betrieben werden. Wenn Sie auf einen Drittlink klicken, werden Sie direkt auf die Website des betreffenden Dritten weitergeleitet. Wir empfehlen Ihnen dringend, sich jeweils die Datenschutz-Richtlinien aller von Ihnen besuchten Websites durchzulesen.
Wir haben keine Kontrolle über die Inhalte, Datenschutzvorschriften und -praktiken dritter Websites oder Dienste und übernehmen in diesem Zusammenhang keine Haftung.
Privatsphäre Minderjähriger
Unser Dienst richtet sich nicht an Personen, die das 18. Lebensjahr noch nicht vollendet haben ("minderjährige Personen").
Wir erfassen wissentlich keine persönlich identifizierbaren Daten zu minderjährigen Personen. Falls Sie ein Elternteil oder Vormund sind und es Ihnen bekannt wird, dass eine Ihrer Aufsicht unterstehende minderjährige Person uns personenbezogene Daten übermittelt hat, bitten wir Sie, mit uns Kontakt aufzunehmen. Falls uns bekannt wird, dass wir personenbezogene Daten einer minderjährigen Person ohne elterliche Zustimmung erfasst haben, setzen wir Maßnahmen zur Entfernung dieser Daten von unseren Servern um.
Änderungen dieser Datenschutz-Richtlinie
Wir können unsere Datenschutz-Richtlinie von Zeit zu Zeit aktualisieren. Jegliche solcher Änderungen teilen wir Ihnen mit, indem wir die aktualisierte Fassung auf dieser Seite veröffentlichen.
Wir werden Sie vor dem Inkrafttreten der betreffenden Änderung per E-Mail und/oder mittels einer sonstigen sichtbaren Mitteilung innerhalb unseres Dienstes informieren und das "Datum des Inkrafttretens" am Beginn dieser Datenschutz-Richtlinie aktualisieren.
Wir empfehlen Ihnen, diese Datenschutz-Richtlinie regelmäßig auf Änderungen hin durchzusehen. Änderungen dieser Datenschutz-Richtlinie werden im Zeitpunkt ihrer Veröffentlichung auf dieser Seite wirksam.
Kontaktaufnahme
Falls Sie Fragen zu dieser Datenschutz-Richtlinie haben, können Sie wie folgt Kontakt zu uns aufnehmen:
Per E-Mail: support@sheetmusicscanner.comEnglish
Dutch
Spanish
Italian
French
German
Privacy Policy
Effective date: October 29, 2018
Sheet Music Scanner ("us", "we", or "our") operates the Sheet Music Scanner mobile application (hereinafter referred to as the "Service").
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.
We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, the terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.
Definitions
Service
Service is the Sheet Music Scanner mobile application operated by Sheet Music Scanner
Personal Data
Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).
Usage Data
Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
Cookies
Cookies are small files stored on your device (computer or mobile device).
Data Controller
Data Controller means the natural or legal person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal information are, or are to be, processed.
For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your Personal Data.
Data Processors (or Service Providers)
Data Processor (or Service Provider) means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller.
We may use the services of various Service Providers in order to process your data more effectively.
Data Subject (or User)
Data Subject is any living individual who is using our Service and is the subject of Personal Data.
Information Collection and Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Cookies and Usage Data
Usage Data
When you access the Service with a mobile device, we may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data ("Usage Data").
Tracking & Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and we hold certain information.
Cookies are files with a small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Other tracking technologies are also used such as beacons, tags and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyse our Service.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Examples of Cookies we use:
Session Cookies.
We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.
Preference Cookies.
We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
Security Cookies.
We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
Use of Data
Sheet Music Scanner uses the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain our Service
To notify you about changes to our Service
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
To provide customer support
To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service
To monitor the usage of our Service
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
If you are from the European Economic Area (EEA), Sheet Music Scanner legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this Privacy Policy depends on the Personal Data we collect and the specific context in which we collect it.
Sheet Music Scanner may process your Personal Data because:
We need to perform a contract with you
You have given us permission to do so
The processing is in our legitimate interests and it is not overridden by your rights
To comply with the law
Retention of Data
Sheet Music Scanner will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
Sheet Music Scanner will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer periods.
Transfer of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to - and maintained on - computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ from those of your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside  and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to  and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Sheet Music Scanner will take all the steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organisation or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Disclosure of Data
Business Transaction
If Sheet Music Scanner is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, your Personal Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.
Disclosure for Law Enforcement
Under certain circumstances, Sheet Music Scanner may be required to disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).
Legal Requirements
Sheet Music Scanner may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of Sheet Music Scanner
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
To protect against legal liability
Security of Data
The security of your data is important to us but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Our Policy on "Do Not Track" Signals under the California Online Protection Act (CalOPPA)
We do not support Do Not Track ("DNT"). Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked.
You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings page of your web browser.
Your Data Protection Rights under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights. Sheet Music Scanner aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete or limit the use of your Personal Data.
If you wish to be informed about what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us.
In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:
The right to access, update or delete the information we have on you.
Whenever made possible, you can access, update or request deletion of your Personal Data directly within your account settings section. If you are unable to perform these actions yourself, please contact us to assist you.
The right of rectification.
You have the right to have your information rectified if that information is inaccurate or incomplete.
The right to object.
You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Data.
The right of restriction.
You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information.
The right to data portability.
You have the right to be provided with a copy of the information we have on you in a structured, machine-readable and commonly used format.
The right to withdraw consent.
You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where Sheet Music Scanner relied on your consent to process your personal information.
Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.
You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority in the European Economic Area (EEA).
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), provide the Service on our behalf, perform Service-related services or assist us in analysing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Analytics
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyse the use of our Service.
Flurry Analytics
Flurry Analytics service is provided by Yahoo! Inc.
You can opt-out from Flurry Analytics service to prevent Flurry Analytics from using and sharing your information by visiting the Flurry's Opt-out page:
https://developer.yahoo.com/flurry/end-user-opt-out/
For more information on the privacy practices and policies of Yahoo!, please visit their Privacy Policy page:
https://policies.yahoo.com/xa/en/yahoo/privacy/index.htm
Links to Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 ("Children").
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Child has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By email: support@sheetmusicscanner.com
Privacybeleid
Ingangsdatum: October 29, 2018
Sheet Music Scanner ("ons", "wij" of "onze") beheert de Sheet Music Scanner mobiele App ("hierna genoemd Dienst").
Deze pagina bevat informatie over ons beleid met betrekking tot de verzameling, het gebruik en de openbaarmaking van uw persoonsgegevens wanneer u onze Dienst gebruikt en de keuzes die u hebt met betrekking tot die gegevens.
Wij gebruiken uw gegevens om de Dienst te leveren en te verbeteren. Wanneer u de Dienst gebruikt, gaat u akkoord met de verzameling en het gebruik van informatie in overeenstemming met dit beleid. Tenzij anders bepaald in dit Privacybeleid heeft de terminologie die wordt gebruikt in dit Privacybeleid dezelfde betekenis als in onze Algemene voorwaarden.
Definities
Dienst
Onder dienst verstaan wij de Sheet Music Scanner mobiele App beheerd door Sheet Music Scanner
Gebruiksgegevens
Onder gebruiksgegevens verstaan wij automatisch verzamelde gegevens die worden gegenereerd door het gebruik van de Dienst of van de infrastructuur van de Dienst zelf (bijvoorbeeld, de duur van het bezoek aan een pagina).
Gebruiksgegevens
Onder gebruiksgegevens verstaan wij automatisch verzamelde gegevens die worden gegenereerd door het gebruik van de Dienst of van de infrastructuur van de Dienst zelf (bijvoorbeeld, de duur van het bezoek aan een pagina).
Cookies
Cookies zijn informatiebestandjes die worden opgeslagen op uw apparaat (computer of mobiele apparaat).
Gegevensbeheerder
Onder gegevensbeheerder verstaan wij de natuurlijke of rechtspersoon die (alleen, gezamenlijk of gemeenschappelijk met andere personen) de doeleinden bepaalt waarvoor en de wijze waarop persoonsgegevens worden of zullen worden verwerkt.
In het kader van dit Privacybeleid zijn wij een Gegevensbeheerder van uw Persoonsgegevens.
Gegevensverwerkers (of Dienstverleners)
Onder Gegevensverwerkers (of Dienstverleners) verstaan wij elke natuurlijke of rechtspersoon die de gegevens verwerkt in naam van de Gegevensverwerker.
Wij kunnen de diensten gebruiken van verschillende Dienstverleners om uw gegevens efficiënter te kunnen verwerken.
Betrokkene (of Gebruiker)
De Betrokkene is elke levende persoon die gebruik maakt van onze Dienst en die het onderwerp is van Persoonsgegevens.
Gegevensverzameling en gebruik
Wij verzamelen verschillende soorten gegevens voor uiteenlopende doeleinden om onze Dienst aan u te kunnen leveren en om hem te verbeteren.
Soorten gegevens die worden verzameld
Persoonsgegevens
Wanneer u onze Dienst gebruikt, kunnen wij u vragen ons bepaalde persoonlijk identificeerbare informatie te verstrekken die kan worden gebruikt om contact op te nemen met u of om u te identificeren ("Persoonsgegevens"). Deze persoonlijk identificeerbare informatie kan omvatten maar is niet beperkt tot:
Cookies en Gebruiksgegevens
Gebruiksgegevens
Wanneer u toegang krijgt tot de Dienst met of via een mobiele apparaat kunnen wij bepaalde gegevens automatisch verzamelen, inclusief, maar niet beperkt tot, het mobiele apparaat dat u gebruikt, de unieke ID van uw mobiele apparaat, het IP-adres van uw mobiele apparaat, uw mobiel besturingssysteem, de mobiele internetbrowser die u gebruikt, de unieke apparaat-ID en andere diagnostische gegevens ("Gebruiksgegevens").
Tracking & cookiegegevens
Wij gebruiken cookies en soortgelijke volgtechnologieën om de activiteit op onze Dienst te volgen en we bewaren bepaalde informatie.
Cookies zijn bestanden met een kleine hoeveelheid gegevens die een anonieme unieke ID kunnen bevatten. Cookies worden van een website verzonden naar uw browser en opgeslagen op uw apparaat. Er worden ook andere volgtechnologieën gebruikt zoals beacons, tags en scripts om gegevens te verzamelen en te volgen en om onze Dienst te verbeteren en te analyseren.
U kunt uw browser instellen om alle cookies te weigeren of om aan te geven wanneer een cookie wordt verzonden. Maar als u geen cookies aanvaardt, kunt u mogelijk niet alle functies van onze Dienst gebruiken.
Voorbeelden van cookies die wij gebruiken:
Sessiecookies.
Wij gebruiken Sessiecookies om onze Dienst te beheren.
Voorkeurcookies.
Wij gebruiken Voorkeurcookies om uw voorkeuren en uiteenlopende instellingen bij te houden.
Veiligheidscookies.
Wij gebruiken Veiligheidscookies voor veiligheidsdoeleinden.
Gebruik van gegevens
Sheet Music Scanner gebruikt de verzamelde gegevens voor uiteenlopende doeleinden:
Om onze Dienst te leveren en te onderhouden
Om u wijzigingen in onze Dienst te melden
Om u de mogelijkheid te bieden om, indien gewenst, deel te nemen aan de interactieve functies van onze Dienst
Om onze klanten steun te verlenen
Om analyse- of waardevolle gegevens te verzamelen die we kunnen toepassen om onze Dienst te verbeteren
Om toezicht te houden op het gebruik van onze Dienst
Om technische problemen te detecteren, te voorkomen en te behandelen
Juridische basis voor de verwerking van Persoonsgegevens onder de Algemene verordening persoonsgegevens (AVG)
Als u inwoner bent van de Europese Economische Ruimte (EER) hangt de juridische basis van, Sheet Music Scanner voor de verzameling en het gebruik van de persoonsgegevens zoals beschreven in dit Privacybeleid af van de Persoonsgegevens die wij verzamelen en de specifieke context waarin wij ze verzamelen.
Sheet Music Scanner kan uw Persoonsgegevens gebruiken omdat:
Wij een contract moeten afsluiten met u
U ons de toestemming hebt gegeven
De verwerking in ons legitiem belang is en niet wordt opgeheven door uw rechten
In naleving van de wet
Bewaren van gegevens
Sheet Music Scanner bewaart uw Persoonsgegevens slechts zolang dit nodig is voor de doeleinden vermeld in dit Privacybeleid. Wij bewaren en gebruiken uw Persoonsgegevens in de mate dit noodzakelijk is om te voldoen aan onze wettelijke verplichtingen (bijv. als we uw gegevens moeten bewaren in naleving van de geldende wetgeving), om geschillen op te lossen en om onze wettelijke overeenkomsten en beleid toe te passen.
Sheet Music Scanner bewaart uw Gebruiksgegevens ook voor interne analytische doeleinden. Gebruiksgegevens worden gewoonlijk voor een kortere periode bewaard, tenzij deze gegevens worden gebruikt om de veiligheid te versterken of de werking van onze Dienst te verbeteren, of indien wij wettelijk verplicht zijn deze gegevens gedurende een langere periode te bewaren.
Overdracht van gegevens
Uw gegevens, inclusief Persoonsgegevens, kunnen worden overgedragen naar - en bewaard op - computers die zich buiten het rechtsgebied van uw provincie, land of een andere overheidsinstantie bevinden waar de wetgeving inzake gegevensbescherming kan verschillen van de wetgeving in uw rechtsgebied.
Let erop dat, als u zich buiten  bevindt en u ons gegevens verstrekt, wij deze gegevens, inclusief Persoonsgegevens, overdragen naar  en ze daar verwerken.
Uw instemming met dit Privacybeleid gevolgd door uw indiening van dergelijke gegevens geven aan dat u akkoord gaat met die overdracht.
Sheet Music Scanner zal alle redelijkerwijs noodzakelijke stappen ondernemen om ervoor te zorgen dat uw gegevens veilig en in overeenstemming met dit Privacybeleid worden behandeld en dat uw Persoonsgegevens nooit worden overgedragen aan een organisatie of een land als er geen gepaste controles zijn ingesteld, inclusief de veiligheid van uw gegevens en andere persoonsgegevens.
Openbaarmaking van gegevens
Zakelijke transactie
Als Sheet Music Scanner betrokken is bij een fusie, overname of verkoop van activa kunnen uw Persoonsgegevens worden overgedragen. Wij zullen u op de hoogte brengen vóór uw Persoonsgegevens worden overgedragen en het voorwerp worden van een ander Privacybeleid.
Openbaarmaking voor wetshandhavingsdoeleinden
In bepaalde omstandigheden kan Sheet Music Scanner verplicht worden uw Persoonsgegevens openbaar te maken indien dit wettelijk wordt verplicht of op verzoek van overheidsinstanties (bijv. een rechtbank of overheidsorgaan).
Wettelijke vereisten
Sheet Music Scanner kan uw Persoonsgegevens openbaar maken als het te goeder trouw de mening is toegedaan dat een dergelijke handeling noodzakelijk is:
Om te voldoen aan een wettelijke verplichting
Om de rechten en eigendom van Sheet Music Scanner te beschermen en te verdedigen
Om mogelijke misstanden te voorkomen of te onderzoeken in verband met de Dienst
Om de persoonlijke veiligheid van gebruikers van de Dienst of het publiek te beschermen
Als bescherming tegen juridische aansprakelijkheid
Veiligheid van gegevens
De veiligheid van uw gegevens is belangrijk voor ons, maar vergeet niet dat geen enkele methode van verzending via het internet of elektronische methode van opslag 100% veilig is. Hoewel wij ernaar streven commercieel aanvaardbare middelen toe te passen om uw Persoonsgegevens te beschermen, kunnen wij de absolute veiligheid niet waarborgen.
"Do Not Track" signalen
Wij bieden geen ondersteuning van "Do Not Track" ("DNT"). "Do Not Track" is een voorkeur die u kunt instellen in uw internetbrowser om aan websites mee te delen dat u niet wenst te worden gevolgd.
U kunt "Do Not Track" in- of uitschakelen door naar de Voorkeuren of Instellingen pagina te gaan van uw internetbrowser.
Uw rechten inzake gegevensbescherming onder de Algemene verordening persoonsgegevens (AVG)
Als u inwoner bent van de Europese Economische Ruimte (EER) hebt u bepaalde rechten op het gebied van gegevensbescherming. Sheet Music Scanner streeft er naar redelijke maatregelen te nemen om u de mogelijkheid te bieden het gebruik van uw Persoonsgegevens te corrigeren, te wijzigen, te verwijderen of te beperken.
Als u wilt weten welke Persoonsgegevens wij van u bezitten en als u wenst te worden verwijderd uit onze systemen kunt u contact opnemen met ons.
In bepaalde omstandigheden hebt u de volgende rechten op het gebied van gegevensbescherming:
Het recht van toegang, bijwerking of verwijdering van de informatie die wij van u bezitten.
Waar mogelijk hebt u toegang tot uw Persoonsgegevens en kunt u ze bijwerken of de verwijdering rechtstreeks in uw accountinstellingen aanvragen. Als u deze acties niet zelf kunt uitvoeren, kunt u contact opnemen met ons om u te helpen.
Het recht op correctie.
U hebt het recht uw informatie te laten corrigeren als die informatie onnauwkeurig of onvolledig is.
Het recht om bezwaar te maken.
U hebt het recht om bezwaar te maken tegen de verwerking van uw Persoonsgegevens.
Het recht op beperking.
U hebt het recht te vragen dat wij de verwerking van uw Persoonsgegevens beperken.
Het recht op gegevensportabiliteit.
U hebt het recht een kopie te ontvangen van de informatie die wij van u bezitten in een gestructureerd, machinaal leesbaar en algemeen gebruikt formaat.
Het recht uw toestemming in te trekken.
U hebt ook het recht uw toestemming op elk moment in te trekken waar Sheet Music Scanner uw persoonsgegevens verwerkt op basis van uw toestemming.
Denk eraan dat wij u kunnen vragen uw identiteit te verifiëren voor wij ingaan op dergelijke aanvragen.
U hebt het recht een klacht in te dienen bij de Autoriteit Persoonsgegevens met betrekking tot onze verzameling en gebruik van uw Persoonsgegevens. Voor meer informatie kunt u contact opnemen met uw lokale Autoriteit Persoonsgegevens in de Europese Economische Ruimte (EER).
Dienstverleners
Wij kunnen externe bedrijven en personen aanstellen om onze Dienst ("Dienstverleners") te vereenvoudigen, om de Dienst te leveren in onze naam, om diensten uit te voeren in het kader van onze Dienst of om ons te helpen bij de analyse van hoe onze Dienst wordt gebruikt.
Deze externe partijen hebben enkel toegang tot uw Persoonsgegevens om deze taken uit te voeren in onze naam en zij mogen deze niet openbaar maken aan anderen of ze gebruiken voor andere doeleinden.
Analytics
Wij kunnen beroep doen op externe Dienstverleners om het gebruik van onze Dienst te volgen en te analyseren.
Flurry Analytics
De Flurry Analytics dienst wordt geleverd door Yahoo! Inc.
U kunt zich afmelden van de Flurry Analytics dienst om te voorkomen dat Flurry Analytics uw informatie kan gebruiken en delen door een bezoek te brengen aan de Flurry Opt-out pagina:
https://developer.yahoo.com/flurry/end-user-opt-out/
Voor meer informatie over de privacypraktijken van Yahoo! verwijzen wij u naar hun Privacybeleid pagina:
https://policies.yahoo.com/xa/en/yahoo/privacy/index.htm
Links naar andere sites
Onze Dienst kan links bevatten naar andere sites die niet door ons worden beheerd. Als u klikt op een link van een externe partij wordt u naar de site van die externe partij gebracht. Wij raden u sterk aan het Privacybeleid te verifiëren van elke site die u bezoekt.
Wij hebben geen controle over en aanvaarden geen aansprakelijkheid met betrekking tot de inhoud, het privacybeleid of de privacypraktijken van de sites of diensten van een externe partij.
Privacy van kinderen
Onze dienst richt zich niet op personen die jonger zijn dan 18 ("Kinderen").
Wij verzamelen nooit bewust persoonlijk identificeerbare informatie van iemand die jonger is dan 18 jaar oud. Als u een ouder of voogd bent en u stelt vast dat uw kind ons persoonsgegevens heeft geleverd, vragen wij u contact op te nemen met ons. Als u vaststelt dat wij persoonsgegevens hebben verzameld van kinderen zonder de verificatie van ouderlijk toezicht zullen wij de nodige stappen ondernemen om die informatie te verwijderen van onze servers.
Wijzigingen aan dit Privacybeleid
Wij kunnen ons Privacybeleid op gezette tijden bijwerken. Wij zullen u op de hoogte brengen van eventuele wijzigingen door het nieuwe Privacybeleid te publiceren op deze pagina.
Wij zullen u op de hoogte brengen via e-mail en/of een duidelijke melding op onze Dienst voor de wijzigingen van kracht gaan en wij zullen de "aanvangsdatum" bijwerken die vermeld staat bovenaan in dit Privacybeleid.
Wij raden u aan dit Privacybeleid regelmatig te controleren op eventuele wijzigingen. Wijzigingen aan dit Privacybeleid gaan van kracht op het moment dat ze worden gepubliceerd op deze pagina.
Contact opnemen
Als u vragen hebt over dit Privacybeleid kunt u contact opnemen met ons:
Via email: support@sheetmusicscanner.com
Política de privacidad
Fecha efectiva: October 29, 2018
Sheet Music Scanner ("nosotros", "a nosotros", "nuestro") opera la aplicación móvil Sheet Music Scanner (en adelante, el "Servicio").
Esta página le informa de nuestras políticas en materia de recopilación, uso y divulgación de datos personales cuando utiliza nuestro Servicio y de las opciones de las que dispone en relación con esos datos.
Utilizamos sus datos para prestarle el Servicio y mejorarlo. Al utilizar el Servicio, usted acepta la recopilación y el uso de información de conformidad con esta política. A menos que esta Política de privacidad defina lo contrario, los términos utilizados en ella tienen los mismos significados que nuestros Términos y Condiciones.
Definiciones
Servicio
Servicio es la aplicación móvil Sheet Music Scanner operada por Sheet Music Scanner
Datos personales
Datos personales significa los datos sobre una persona física viva que puede ser identificada a partir de esos datos (o con esos datos y otra información de la que dispongamos o probablemente podamos disponer).
Datos de uso
Datos de uso son los datos recopilados automáticamente, generados por el uso del Servicio o por la propia infraestructura del Servicio (por ejemplo, la duración de la visita a una página).
Cookies
Las cookies son pequeños archivos ialmacenados en su dispositivo (ordenador o dispositivo móvil).
Responsable del tratamiento
Responsable del tratamiento significa la persona física o jurídica (de forma individual o conjuntamente con otras personas) que determina las finalidades del tratamiento y la forma en la que se trata o tratará cualquier información personal.
A efectos de la presente Política de privacidad, somos Responsables del tratamiento de sus Datos personales.
Encargados del tratamiento (o Proveedores de servicios)
Encargado del tratamiento (o Proveedor de servicios) significa cualquier persona física o jurídica que trata los datos en nombre del Responsable del tratamiento.
Podemos utilizar los servicios de diversos Proveedores de servicios a fin de tratar sus datos de forma más eficaz.
Interesado (o Usuario)
El Interesado es cualquier persona física viva que utiliza nuestro Servicio y es el sujeto de los Datos personales.
Recopilación y uso de la información
Recopilamos diferentes tipos de información con diversas finalidades para prestarle el Servicio y mejorarlo.
Tipos de datos recopilados
Datos personales
Cuando utilice nuestro Servicio, es posible que le pidamos que nos proporcione determinada información personalmente identificable que podrá ser utilizada para contactar con usted o para identificarle ("Datos personales"). La información personalmente identificable puede incluir, entre otras, la siguiente:
Cookies y datos de uso
Datos de uso
Cuando accede al Servicio econ un dispositivo móvil, podemos recopilar determinada información automáticamente, incluyendo, entre otros, el tipo de dispositivo móvil que utiliza, el identificador exclusivo de su dispositivo móvil, la dirección de IP de su dispositivo móvil, el sistema operativo de su dispositivo móvil, el tipo de navegador de Internet que utiliza su dispositivo móvil, identificadores exclusivos de dispositivos y otros datos de diagnóstico ("Datos de uso").
Datos de cookies y seguimiento
Utilizamos cookies y tecnologías de seguimiento similares para rastrear la actividad de nuestro Servicio y mantener determinada información.
Las cookies son archivos con una pequeña cantidad de datos que pueden incluir un identificador exclusivo anónimo. Las cookies son enviadas a su navegador desde un sitio web y se almacenan en su dispositivo. Otras tecnologías de seguimiento también utilizadas son balizas, etiquetas y scripts para recopilar y rastrear la información, así como para mejorar y analizar nuestro Servicio.
Usted puede ordenar a su navegador que rechace todas las cookies o que le avise cuando se envía una cookie. Sin embargo, si no acepta cookies, es posible que no pueda utilizar algunas partes de nuestro Servicio.
Ejemplos de Cookies que utilizamos:
Cookies de sesión.
Utilizamos Cookies de sesión para operar nuestro Servicio.
Cookies de preferencia.
Utilizamos Cookies de preferencia para recordar sus preferencias y diversos ajustes.
Cookies de seguridad.
Utilizamos Cookies de seguridad para fines de seguridad.
Uso de datos
Sheet Music Scanner utiliza los datos recopilados con diversas finalidades:
Suministrar y mantener nuestro Servicio
Notificarle cambios en nuestro Servicio
Permitirle participar en funciones interactivas de nuestro Servicio cuando decida hacerlo
Prestar asistencia al cliente
Recopilar análisis o información valiosa que nos permitan mejorar nuestro Servicio
Controlar el uso de nuestro Servicio
Detectar, evitar y abordar problemas técnicos
Base legal para el tratamiento de datos personales de conformidad con el Reglamento General de Protección de Datos (RGPD)
Si usted se encuentra en el Espacio Económico Europeo (EEE), la base legal de Sheet Music Scanner para recopilar y utilizar la información personal descrita en esta Política de privacidad depende de los Datos personales que recopilemos y del contexto específico en el que la recopilemos.
Sheet Music Scanner puede tratar sus Datos personales por lo siguiente:
Ejecutar un contrato con usted
Usted nos ha dado permiso para hacerlo
El tratamiento favorece a nuestros intereses legítimos y no es contrario a sus derechos
Para cumplir la ley
Conservación de los datos
Sheet Music Scanner conservará sus Datos personales únicamente el tiempo necesario para los fines recogidos en esta Política de privacidad. Conservaremos y utilizaremos sus Datos personales en la medida en que resulte necesario para cumplir nuestras obligaciones legales (por ejemplo, si estamos obligados a conservar sus datos para cumplir la legislación aplicable), resolver conflictos y ejecutar nuestras políticas y acuerdos legales.
Sheet Music Scanner también conservará los Datos de uso con fines del análisis interno. Por lo general, los Datos de uso se conservan durante menos tiempo, salvo cuando estos datos se utilicen para reforzar la seguridad o para mejorar la funcionalidad de nuestro Servicio, o cuando estemos legalmente obligados a conservar estos datos durante periodos de tiempo más prolongados.
Transferencia de datos
Su información, incluyendo Datos personales, puede ser transferida a —y mantenida en— ordenadores localizados fuera de su estado, provincia, país u otra jurisdicción gubernamental donde las leyes de protección de datos pueden diferir de las de su jurisdicción.
Si usted se encuentra fuera de  y decide facilitarnos información, tenga en cuenta que nosotros transferimos los datos, incluyendo Datos personales, a  y que los tratamos allí.
Su aceptación de esta Política de privacidad seguida de su envío de esta información representa que está de acuerdo con dicha transferencia.
Sheet Music Scanner emprenderá todas las medidas razonables necesarias para garantizar que sus datos sean tratados de forma segura y de conformidad con esta Política de privacidad y no se realizará ninguna transferencia de sus Datos personales a una organización o país, salvo que existan unos controles adecuados establecidos incluyendo la seguridad de sus datos y otra información personal.
Divulgación de datos
Operaciones empresariales
Si Sheet Music Scanner participa en una fusión, adquisición o venta de activos, sus Datos personales podrán ser transferidos. Le notificaremos antes de transferir sus Datos personales y de que estos se encuentren sujetos a una Política de privacidad diferente.
Divulgación por obligación legal
En determinadas circunstancias, Sheet Music Scanner puede estar obligada a divulgar sus Datos personales cuando así lo exija la legislación o en respuesta a solicitudes válidas de autoridades públicas (por ejemplo, un tribunal o un organismo público).
Requisitos legales
Sheet Music Scanner puede divulgar sus Datos personales de buena fe cuando considere que esta acción es necesaria para lo siguiente:
Cumplir una obligación legal
Proteger y defender los derechos o bienes de Sheet Music Scanner
Prevenir o investigar posibles infracciones en relación con el Servicio
Proteger la seguridad personal de usuarios del Servicio o del público
Protegerse frente a consecuencias legales
Seguridad de los datos
La seguridad de sus datos es importante para nosotros, pero recuerde que ningún método de transmisión por Internet o método de  almacenamiento electrónico resulta 100% seguro. A pesar de que nos esforzamos por utilizar medios comercialmente aceptables para proteger sus Datos personales, no podemos garantizar su seguridad absoluta.
Señales "No rastrear"
No admitimos señales "No rastrear" (en adelante, "DNT"). DNT es una preferencia que puede establecer en su navegador web para informar a los sitios web de que no desea ser objeto de seguimiento.
Puede activar o desactivar DNT visitando la página de Preferencias o Configuración de su navegador web.
Sus derechos de protección de datos de conformidad con el Reglamento General de Protección de Datos (RGPD)
Si usted reside en el Espacio Económico Europeo (EEE), tiene determinados derechos en materia de protección de datos. Sheet Music Scanner pretende emprender medidas razonables para que usted pueda corregir, modificar, suprimir o limitar el uso de sus Datos personales.
Si desea ser informado de los Datos personales que mantenemos sobre usted y si desea ser eliminado de nuestros sistemas, contacte con nosotros.
En determinadas circunstancias, tiene los siguientes derechos en materia de protección de datos:
El derecho a acceder, actualizar o suprimir la información que tenemos sobre usted.
Siempre que sea posible, usted puede acceder, actualizar o solicitar la supresión de sus Datos personales directamente dentro de la sección de configuración de su cuenta. Si no puede realizar estas acciones usted mismo, contacte con nosotros para que le ayudemos.
El derecho de rectificación.
Tiene derecho a que su información sea rectificada si esa información es inexacta o incompleta.
El derecho de oposición.
Tiene el derecho a oponerse a que tratemos sus Datos personales.
El derecho a la limitación.
Tiene derecho a solicitar que limitemos el tratamiento de sus datos personales.
El derecho a la portabilidad de los datos.
Tiene derecho a que se le facilite una copia de los datos que mantenemos sobre usted en un formato estructurado, de uso común y lectura mecánica.
El derecho a retirar su consentimiento.
Tiene derecho a retirar su consentimiento en cualquier momento cuando Sheet Music Scanner se haya basado en su consentimiento para tratar sus datos personales.
Tenga en cuenta que es posible que le pidamos que verifique su identidad antes de responder a estas solicitudes.
Tiene derecho a presentar una reclamación a una autoridad de control en relación con nuestra recopilación y uso de sus Datos personales. Para más información, contacte con su autoridad de control local en el Espacio Económico Europeo (EEE).
Proveedores de servicios
Podemos contratar a personas físicas y jurídicas terceras para facilitar nuestro Servicio ("Proveedores de servicios"), para que presten el Servicio en nuestro nombre, para que suministren servicios relacionados con el Servicio o para que nos ayuden a analizar cómo se utiliza nuestro Servicio.
Estos terceros tienen acceso a sus Datos personales únicamente para realizar estas tareas en nuestro nombre y están obligados a no divulgarlos ni utilizarlos con ningún otro fin.
Análisis
Podemos utilizar Proveedores de servicios terceros para controlar y analizar el uso de nuestro Servicio.
Flurry Analytics
El servicio de Flurry Analytics es operado por Yahoo! Inc.
Puede optar por inhabilitar el servicio de Flurry Analytics para impedir que Flurry Analytics use y comparta sus datos visitando la página de inhabilitación de Flurry:
https://developer.yahoo.com/flurry/end-user-opt-out/
Para más información sobre las prácticas y políticas de privacidad de Yahoo!, visite la página de su Política de privacidad:
https://policies.yahoo.com/xa/en/yahoo/privacy/index.htm
Enlaces a otros sitios
Nuestro Servicio puede contener enlaces a otros sitios no operados por nosotros. Si hace clic en el enlace de un tercero, será dirigido al sitio de ese tercero. Le recomendamos encarecidamente que revise la Política de privacidad de todos los sitios que visite.
No tenemos ningún control ni asumimos responsabilidad alguna con respecto al contenido, las políticas o prácticas de privacidad de sitios o servicios de terceros.
Privacidad del menor
Nuestro servicio no está dirigido a ningún menor de 18 años (en adelante, "Menor").
No recopilamos de forma consciente información personalmente identificable de menores de 18 años. Si es usted un padre/madre o tutor y tiene conocimiento de que su hijo nos ha facilitado Datos personales, contacte con nosotros. Si tenemos conocimiento de que hemos recopilado Datos personales de menores sin verificación del consentimiento parental, tomamos medidas para eliminar esa información de nuestros servidores.
Cambios en esta Política de privacidad
Podemos actualizar nuestra Política de privacidad periódicamente. Le notificaremos cualquier cambio publicando la nueva Política de privacidad en esta página.
Le informaremos a través del e-mail y/o de un aviso destacado sobre nuestro Servicio antes de que el cambio entre en vigor y actualizaremos la «fecha efectiva» en la parte superior de esta Política de privacidad.
Le recomendamos que revise esta Política de privacidad periódicamente para comprobar si se ha introducido algún cambio. Los cambios en esta Política de privacidad entran en vigor cuando se publican en esta página.
Contacte con nosotros
Si tiene alguna pregunta sobre esta Política de privacidad, contacte con nosotros:
Por e-mail: support@sheetmusicscanner.com
Informativa sulla Privacy
Data di entrata in vigore: October 29, 2018
Sheet Music Scanner ("noi" o "nostro") gestisce il Sheet Music Scanner l'applicazione per dispositivi mobili (in appresso il "Servizio").
Questa pagina vi informa delle nostre politiche riguardanti la raccolta, l'uso e la divulgazione dei dati personali quando usate il nostro Servizio e le scelte che avete associato a quei dati.
Utilizziamo i vostri dati per fornire e migliorare il Servizio. Utilizzando il Servizio, accettate la raccolta e l'utilizzo delle informazioni in conformità con questa informativa. Se non diversamente definito nella presente Informativa sulla privacy, i termini utilizzati nella presente Informativa hanno la stessa valenza dei nostri Termini e condizioni.
Definizioni
Servizio
Il Servizio è l'applicazione per dispositivi mobili Sheet Music Scanner gestita dalla Sheet Music Scanner
Dati personali
I Dati personali sono i dati di un individuo vivente che può essere identificato da quei dati (o da quelli e altre informazioni in nostro possesso o che potrebbero venire in nostro possesso).
Dati di utilizzo
I dati di utilizzo sono i dati raccolti automaticamente generati dall'utilizzo del Servizio o dall'infrastruttura del Servizio stesso (ad esempio, la durata della visita di una pagina).
Cookies
I cookie sono piccoli file memorizzati sul vostro dispositivo (computer o dispositivo mobile).
Titolare del trattamento dei dati
Il Titolare del trattamento dei dati indica la persona fisica o giuridica che (da sola o congiuntamente o in comune con altre persone) determina le finalità e il modo in cui le informazioni personali sono o saranno elaborate.
Ai fini della presente Informativa sulla privacy, siamo Titolari del trattamento dei vostri dati personali.
Responsabili del trattamento (o Fornitori di servizi)
Responsabile del trattamento (o Fornitore di servizi) indica qualsiasi persona fisica o giuridica che elabora i dati per conto del Titolare del trattamento.
Possiamo utilizzare i servizi di vari Fornitori di servizi al fine di elaborare i dati in modo più efficace.
Persona interessata (o Utente)
La Persona interessata è un individuo vivente che utilizza il nostro servizio ed è l'oggetto dei dati personali.
Raccolta e uso delle informazioni
Raccogliamo diversi tipi di informazioni per vari scopi, per fornire e migliorare il nostro servizio.
Tipologie di Dati raccolti
Dati personali
Durante l'utilizzo del nostro Servizio, potremmo chiedervi di fornirci alcune informazioni di identificazione personale che possono essere utilizzate per contattarvi o identificarvi ("Dati personali"). Le informazioni di identificazione personale possono includere, ma non sono limitate a:
Cookie e dati di utilizzo
Dati di utilizzo
Quando si accede al Servizio attraverso un dispositivo mobile, potremmo raccogliere automaticamente alcune informazioni, inclusi, ma non solo, il tipo di dispositivo mobile che si utilizza, l'ID univoco del dispositivo mobile, l'indirizzo IP del dispositivo mobile, il sistema operativo mobile, il tipo di browser Internet mobile che utilizzate, identificatori di dispositivo univoci e altri dati diagnostici ("Dati di utilizzo").
Tracciamento; dati dei cookie
Utilizziamo cookie e tecnologie di tracciamento simili per tracciare l'attività sul nostro Servizio e conservare determinate informazioni.
I cookie sono file con una piccola quantità di dati che possono includere un identificatore univoco anonimo. I cookie vengono inviati al vostro browser da un sito web e memorizzati sul vostro dispositivo. Altre tecnologie di tracciamento utilizzate sono anche beacon, tag e script per raccogliere e tenere traccia delle informazioni e per migliorare e analizzare il nostro Servizio.
Potete chiedere al vostro browser di rifiutare tutti i cookie o di indicare quando viene inviato un cookie. Tuttavia, se non si accettano i cookie, potrebbe non essere possibile utilizzare alcune parti del nostro Servizio.
Esempi di cookie che utilizziamo:
Cookie di sessione.
Utilizziamo i cookie di sessione per gestire il nostro servizio.
Cookie di preferenza.
Utilizziamo i cookie di preferenza per ricordare le vostre preferenze e varie impostazioni.
Cookie di sicurezza.
Utilizziamo i cookie di sicurezza per motivi di sicurezza.
Uso dei dati
Sheet Music Scanner utilizza i dati raccolti per vari scopi:
Per fornire e mantenere il nostro Servizio
Per comunicare agli utenti variazioni apportate al servizio che offriamo
Per permettere agli utenti di fruire, a propria discrezione, di funzioni interattive del nostro servizio
Per fornire un servizio ai clienti
Per raccogliere analisi o informazioni preziose in modo da poter migliorare il nostro Servizio
Per monitorare l'utilizzo del nostro Servizio
Per rilevare, prevenire e affrontare problemi tecnici
Base legale per l'elaborazione dei dati personali in base al regolamento generale sulla protezione dei dati (GDPR)
Se appartenete allo Spazio Economico Europeo (SEE), la base legale di Sheet Music Scanner per la raccolta e l'utilizzo delle informazioni personali descritte nella presente Informativa sulla Privacy dipende dai Dati Personali che raccogliamo e dallo specifico contesto in cui vengono raccolti.
Sheet Music Scanner può trattare i vostri dati personali perché:
Dobbiamo eseguire un contratto con voi
Ci avete dato il permesso di farlo
Il trattamento rientra nei nostri legittimi interessi e non è contrario ai vostri diritti
Ciò è necessario per essere conformi alla legge
Conservazione dei dati
Sheet Music Scanner conserverà i vostri dati personali solo per il tempo necessario ai fini indicati nella presente Informativa sulla privacy. Conserveremo e utilizzeremo i vostri Dati personali nella misura necessaria per adempiere ai nostri obblighi legali (ad esempio, se ci viene richiesto di conservare i vostri dati per conformarci alle leggi applicabili), risolvere le controversie e applicare i nostri accordi e le nostre politiche legali.
Sheet Music Scanner conserverà anche i Dati di utilizzo a fini di analisi interna. I Dati di utilizzo vengono generalmente conservati per un periodo di tempo più breve, tranne quando questi dati vengono utilizzati per rafforzare la sicurezza o per migliorare la funzionalità del nostro servizio, o se siamo legalmente obbligati a conservare questi dati per periodi di tempo più lunghi.
Trasferimento dei dati
Le vostre informazioni, compresi i Dati personali, possono essere trasferite a - e mantenute su - computer situati al di fuori del vostro stato, provincia, nazione o altra giurisdizione governativa dove le leggi sulla protezione dei dati possono essere diverse da quelle della vostra giurisdizione.
Se ci si trova al di fuori di  e si sceglie di fornire informazioni a noi, si ricorda che trasferiamo i dati, compresi i dati personali, in  e li elaboriamo lì.
Il vostro consenso alla presente Informativa sulla privacy seguito dall'invio di tali informazioni rappresenta il vostro consenso al trasferimento.
Sheet Music Scanner adotterà tutte le misure ragionevolmente necessarie per garantire che i vostri dati siano trattati in modo sicuro e in conformità con la presente Informativa sulla privacy e nessun trasferimento dei vostri Dati Personali sarà effettuato a un'organizzazione o a un paese a meno che non vi siano controlli adeguati dei vostri dati e altre informazioni personali.
Divulgazione di dati
Transazione commerciale
Se Sheet Music Scanner è coinvolta in una fusione, acquisizione o vendita di attività, i vostri Dati personali possono essere trasferiti. Vi forniremo preavviso prima che i vostri Dati personali vengano trasferiti e diventino soggetti ad una politica di Privacy diversa.
Divulgazione per l'applicazione della legge
In determinate circostanze, a Sheet Music Scanner potrebbe essere richiesto di divulgare i dati personali dell'utente se richiesto dalla legge o in risposta a richieste valide da parte delle autorità pubbliche (ad esempio un tribunale o un'agenzia governativa).
Prescrizioni di legge
Sheet Music Scanner può divulgare i vostri Dati personali in buona fede, ritenendo che tale azione sia necessaria per:
Rispettare un obbligo legale
Proteggere e difendere i diritti o la proprietà di Sheet Music Scanner
Prevenire o investigare possibili illeciti in relazione al Servizio
Proteggere la sicurezza personale degli utenti del Servizio o del pubblico
Proteggere contro la responsabilità legale
Sicurezza dei dati
La sicurezza dei vostri dati è importante per noi, ma ricordate che nessun metodo di trasmissione su Internet o metodo di archiviazione elettronica è sicuro al 100%. Pertanto, anche se adotteremo ogni mezzo commercialmente accettabile per proteggere i vostri Dati personali, non possiamo garantirne la sicurezza assoluta.
Segnali "Do Not Track"
Non sosteniamo Do Not Track ("DNT"). Do Not Track è una preferenza che potete impostare nel browser web per informare i siti web che non si desidera essere rintracciati.
Potete abilitare o disabilitare la non tracciabilità visitando la pagina Preferenze o Impostazioni del vostro browser web.
I vostri diritti sulla protezione dei dati ai sensi del regolamento generale sulla protezione dei dati (GDPR)
Se risiedete nello Spazio economico europeo (SEE), avete determinati diritti di protezione dei dati.  Sheet Music Scanner intende adottare misure ragionevoli per consentire all'utente di correggere, modificare, eliminare o limitare l'utilizzo dei propri Dati personali.
Se desiderate essere informati sui Dati personali che deteniamo su di voi e se volete che vengano rimossi dai nostri sistemi, vi preghiamo di contattarci.
In determinate circostanze, avete i seguenti diritti di protezione dei dati:
Il diritto di accedere, aggiornare o cancellare le informazioni che abbiamo su di voi.
Se reso possibile, potete accedere, aggiornare o richiedere la cancellazione dei vostri Dati personali direttamente dalla sezione delle impostazioni dell'account. Se non siete in grado di eseguire personalmente queste azioni, contattaci per assistervi.
Diritto di rettifica.
Avete il diritto di rettificare le vostre informazioni se tali informazioni sono inesatte o incomplete.
Diritto di opposizione.
Avete il diritto di obiettare al nostro trattamento dei vostri Dati personali.
Diritto di restrizione.
Avete il diritto di richiedere di limitare il trattamento dei vostri dati personali.
Diritto alla portabilità dei dati.
Avete il diritto di ricevere una copia delle informazioni che abbiamo su di voi in un formato strutturato, leggibile automaticamente e comunemente usato.
Diritto di recedere dal consenso.
YAvete anche il diritto di ritirare il vostro consenso in qualsiasi momento in cui Sheet Music Scanner si è basata sul vostro consenso al trattamento dei vostri dati personali.
Vi preghiamo di notare che potremmo chiedervi di verificare la vostra identità prima di rispondere a tali richieste.
Avete il diritto di sporgere denuncia presso un'Autorità per la protezione dei dati in merito alla nostra raccolta e utilizzo dei vostri dati personali. Per ulteriori informazioni, contattare l'autorità locale per la protezione dei dati nello Spazio economico europeo (SEE).
Fornitori di servizi
Potremmo impiegare società e individui di terze parti per facilitare il nostro Servizio ("Fornitori di servizi"), per fornire il Servizio per nostro conto, per eseguire servizi relativi ai Servizi o per aiutarci ad analizzare come viene utilizzato il nostro Servizio.
Le terze parti hanno accesso ai vostri Dati personali solo per eseguire queste attività per nostro conto e sono obbligate a non rivelarle o utilizzarle per altri scopi.
Statistiche
Potremmo utilizzare i Fornitori di servizi di terze parti per monitorare e analizzare l'utilizzo del nostro servizio.
Flurry Analytics
Il servizio Flurry Analytics è fornito da Yahoo! Inc.
Potete decidere di rinunciare al servizio di Flurry Analytics per evitare che Flurry Analytics utilizzi e condivida le vostre informazioni visitando la pagina di opt-out di Flurry:
https://developer.yahoo.com/flurry/end-user-opt-out/
Per ulteriori informazioni sulle prassi e le politiche di Yahoo! relative alla privacy, potete visitare la loro pagina web sull'Informativa sulla Privacy:
https://policies.yahoo.com/xa/en/yahoo/privacy/index.htm
Link ad altri siti
OIl nostro servizio può contenere collegamenti ad altri siti non gestiti da noi. Cliccando su un link di terze parti, sarete indirizzati al sito di quella terza parte. Ti consigliamo vivamente di rivedere l'Informativa sulla privacy di ogni sito che visiti.
Non abbiamo alcun controllo e non ci assumiamo alcuna responsabilità per il contenuto, le politiche sulla privacy o le pratiche di qualsiasi sito o servizio di terzi.
Privacy dei minori
Il nostro servizio non si rivolge a minori di 18 anni ("Bambini").
Non raccogliamo consapevolmente informazioni personali relative a utenti di età inferiore a 18 anni. Se siete un genitore o tutore e siete consapevoli che vostro figlio ci ha fornito Dati personali, vi preghiamo di contattarci. Se veniamo a conoscenza del fatto che abbiamo raccolto Dati personali da minori senza la verifica del consenso dei genitori, adotteremo provvedimenti per rimuovere tali informazioni dai nostri server.
Modifiche alla presente informativa sulla privacy
Potremmo aggiornare periodicamente la nostra Informativa sulla privacy. Ti informeremo di eventuali modifiche pubblicando la nuova Informativa sulla privacy in questa pagina.
Vi informeremo via e-mail e / o un avviso di rilievo sul nostro Servizio, prima che la modifica diventi effettiva e aggiorneremo la "data di validità" nella parte superiore di questa Informativa sulla privacy.
Si consiglia di rivedere periodicamente la presente Informativa sulla privacy per eventuali modifiche. Le modifiche a tale informativa sulla privacy entrano in vigore nel momento in cui vengono pubblicate su questa pagina.
Contattaci
In caso di domande sulla presente Informativa sulla privacy, si prega di contattarci:
Tramite e-mail: support@sheetmusicscanner.com
Politique de Confidentialité
Date de prise d'effet: October 29, 2018
Sheet Music Scanner ("nous", "notre", "nos") exploite l'application mobile Sheet Music Scanner (ci-après désignée par le terme "Service").
Cette page vous explique nos politiques en matière de collecte, d'utilisation et de communication des données à caractère personnel lorsque vous utilisez notre Service ainsi que les choix qui s'offrent à vous en ce qui concerne ces données.
Nous utilisons vos données pour fournir et améliorer le Service. En utilisant le Service, vous consentez à la collecte et à l'utilisation d'informations conformément à la présente politique. Sauf définition contraire dans la présente Politique de Confidentialité, les termes utilisés dans la présente Politique de Confidentialité ont la même signification que dans nos Conditions Générales.
Définitions
Service
Par Service on entend l'application mobile Sheet Music Scanner exploitée par Sheet Music Scanner
Données à caractère personnel
Données à Caractère Personnel désigne des données concernant un individu vivant qui peut être identifié à partir de ces données (ou à partir de ces données et d'autres informations en notre possession ou susceptibles d'entrer en notre possession).
Données d'Utilisation
Les Données d'Utilisation sont recueillies automatiquement et sont générées soit par l'utilisation du Service, soit par l'infrastructure du Service proprement dite (par exemple, durée de consultation d'une page).
Cookies
Les cookies sont de petits fichiers enregistrés sur votre dispositif (ordinateur ou dispositif mobile).
Responsable du Traitement
Responsable du Traitement désigne la personne physique ou morale (seule, ou conjointement ou en commun avec d'autres personnes) qui détermine les finalités et les modalités selon lesquelles toutes les données personnelles sont traitées ou doivent l'être.
Aux fins de la présente Politique de Confidentialité, nous sommes un Responsable du Traitement de vos données à caractère personnel.
Sous-Traitants (ou Prestataires de Services)
Le terme Sous-Traitant (ou Prestataire de Service) désigne toute personne physique ou morale qui traite les données au nom du Responsable du Traitement.
Il se peut que nous fassions appel aux services de plusieurs Prestataires de Services afin de traiter vos données plus efficacement.
Personne Concernée (ou Utilisateur)
Par Personne Concernée, on entend toute personne vivante qui utilise notre Service et est le sujet de Données à Caractère Personnel.
Collecte et utilisation des données
Nous recueillons plusieurs types de données à différentes fins en vue de vous fournir notre Service et de l'améliorer.
Types de données recueillies
Données à Caractère Personnel
Lorsque vous utilisez notre Service, il est possible que nous vous demandions de nous fournir certaines données personnelles nominatives qui peuvent servir à vous contacter ou à vous identifier ("Données à Caractère Personnel"). Les données personnelles nominatives peuvent comprendre, mais de manière non limitative:
Cookies et Données d'Utilisation
Données d'Utilisation
Lorsque vous accédez au Service au moyen d'un dispositif mobile, il se peut que nous recueillions certaines informations automatiquement, y compris, mais de manière non limitative, le type de dispositif mobile que vous utilisez, l'identifiant unique de votre dispositif mobile, l'adresse IP de votre dispositif mobile, votre système d'exploitation mobile, le type de navigateur Internet mobile que vous utilisez, les identifiants uniques de dispositifs ainsi que d'autres données de diagnostic ("Données d'Utilisation").
Suivi et données de cookies
Nous avons recours à des cookies et à d'autres technologies de suivi similaires pour effectuer un suivi des activités effectuées dans notre Service, et nous conservons certaines informations.
Les cookies sont des fichiers à faible volume de données pouvant comporter un identifiant unique anonyme. Les cookies sont envoyés à votre navigateur depuis un site web et sont stockés sur votre dispositif. D'autres technologies de suivi telles que les pixels, les balises et les scripts sont également utilisées pour recueillir et suivre des informations et afin d'améliorer et d'analyser notre Service.
Vous pouvez demander à votre navigateur de refuser tous les cookies ou de vous avertir lorsqu'un cookie est envoyé. Toutefois, si vous n'acceptez pas les cookies, il se peut que vous ne puissiez pas utiliser certains éléments de notre Service.
Exemples de cookies que nous utilisons :
Cookies de Session.
Nous utilisons des Cookies de Session pour faire fonctionner notre Service.
Cookies de Préférences.
Nous utilisons des Cookies de Préférences pour mémoriser vos préférences et vos différents paramètres.
Cookies de Sécurité.
Nous utilisons des Cookies de Sécurité pour des raisons de sécurité.
Utilisation des données
Sheet Music Scanner utilise les données recueillies à des fins diverses:
Pour fournir et assurer notre Service
Pour vous faire part des changements apportés à notre Service
Pour vous permettre d'utiliser les fonctions interactives de notre Service quand vous le souhaitez
Pour assurer l'assistance client
Pour recueillir des données précieuses ou d'analyses qui nous permettront d'améliorer notre Service
Pour contrôler l'utilisation de notre Service
Pour détecter, prévenir et régler les problèmes techniques
Fondement juridique du traitement des données à caractère personnel en vertu du Règlement Général relatif à la Protection des Données (RGPD)
Si vous résidez dans l'Espace économique européen (EEE), le fondement juridique de Sheet Music Scanner en ce qui concerne la collecte et l'utilisation des données personnelles décrites dans la présente Politique de Confidentialité dépend des Données à Caractère Personnel que nous recueillons et du contexte précis dans lequel nous les recueillons.
Sheet Music Scanner peut traiter vos Données à Caractère Personnel:
Parce que nous avons besoin d'exécuter un contrat passé avec vous
Parce que vous nous avez autorisés à le faire
Parce que nous avons un intérêt légitime à effectuer ce traitement et que vos droits ne priment pas sur cet intérêt légitime
Pour respecter la loi
Conservation des données
Sheet Music Scanner ne conservera vos Données à Caractère Personnel que tant que cela sera nécessaire aux fins stipulées dans la présente Politique de Confidentialité. Nous conserverons et utiliserons vos Données à Caractère Personnel dans la mesure où cela sera nécessaire pour que nous puissions nous acquitter de nos obligations légales (par exemple, pour respecter la législation en vigueur), résoudre des différends et appliquer nos accords et nos politiques.
Sheet Music Scanner conservera également les Données d'Utilisation à des fins d'analyses internes. Les Données d'Utilisation sont généralement conservées pour une période plus courte, sauf lorsque ces données sont utilisées pour renforcer la sécurité ou pour améliorer les fonctionnalités de notre Service, ou si nous sommes légalement tenus de conserver ces données plus longtemps.
Transfert des données
Les informations vous concernant, notamment vos Données à Caractère Personnel, peuvent être transférées de votre région, province, pays, ou autre division territoriale vers des ordinateurs – et stockées sur ces derniers – situés à un endroit où la législation relative à la protection des données diffère de celle du territoire où vous résidez.
Si vous résidez hors de/du  et que vous choisissez de nous communiquer des informations, sachez que nous transférons les données, y compris les Données à Caractère Personnel, vers le/la  et que nous les y traitons.
En acceptant la présente Politique de Confidentialité puis en soumettant ces informations, vous consentez à ce transfert.
Sheet Music Scanner prendra toutes les mesures raisonnablement nécessaires pour faire en sorte que vos données soient traitées de manière sécurisée et conformément à la présente Politique de Confidentialité et vos Données à Caractère Personnel ne seront transférées vers aucune organisation ni aucun pays à moins que des contrôles adéquats ne soient en place, notamment en ce qui concerne la sécurité de vos données et d'autres données personnelles.
Communication de données
Opération commerciale
Si Sheet Music Scanner est impliquée dans une fusion, une acquisition ou une vente d'actifs, il se peut que vos Données à Caractère Personnel soient transférées. Avant que vos Données à Caractère Personnel ne soient transférées et ne soient soumises à une Politique de Confidentialité différente, nous vous en aviserons.
Communication de données aux forces de l'ordre
Dans certaines circonstances, Sheet Music Scanner peut être tenue de communiquer vos Données à Caractère Personnel si la loi l'exige ou en réponse à des demandes valides émanant de pouvoirs publics (par ex. un tribunal ou un organisme gouvernemental).
Exigences légales
Sheet Music Scanner peut communiquer vos Données à Caractère Personnel si elle estime de bonne foi que cela est nécessaire pour:
S'acquitter d'une obligation légale
Protéger et défendre les droits ou les biens de Sheet Music Scanner
Prévenir d'éventuels actes répréhensibles ou enquêter sur de tels actes dans le cadre du Service
Assurer la sécurité personnelle des utilisateurs du Service ou du public
Se protéger contre la responsabilité civile
Sécurité des données
La sécurité de vos données nous tient à cœur. Toutefois, n'oubliez pas qu'aucune méthode de transmission de données par Internet ou méthode de stockage électronique n'est sûre à 100 %. Bien que nous nous efforcions d'utiliser des méthodes commercialement acceptables pour protéger vos Données à Caractère Personnel, nous ne pouvons pas leur garantir une sécurité absolue.
Signaux "Ne pas me suivre"
Nous ne prenons pas en charge "Ne pas me suivre" ("NPS"). "Ne pas me suivre" est une préférence que vous pouvez définir dans votre navigateur web pour indiquer aux sites web que vous ne voulez pas être suivi.
Vous pouvez activer ou désactiver "Ne pas me suivre" en vous rendant sur la page Préférences ou Paramètres de votre navigateur web.
Droits à la protection des données qui vous sont accordés par le Règlement Général relatif à la Protection des Données (RGPD)
Si vous résidez dans l'Espace économique européen (EEE), vous avez certains droits en matière de protection des données. Sheet Music Scanner entend prendre des mesures raisonnables pour vous permettre de corriger, de modifier, ou de supprimer vos Données à Caractère Personnel ou d'en limiter l'utilisation.
Si vous souhaitez savoir quelles Données à Caractère Personnel nous détenons à votre sujet et voulez qu'elles soient supprimées de nos systèmes, veuillez nous contacter.
Dans certaines circonstances, vous avez les droits suivants en matière de protection des données:
Le droit d'accéder aux informations que nous détenons à votre sujet, de les actualiser ou de les supprimer.
Lorsque cette option est proposée, vous pouvez consulter ou actualiser vos Données à Caractère Personnel ou en demander la suppression dans la section paramètres de votre compte. Si vous ne pouvez pas effectuer ces actions vous-même, merci de nous contacter pour obtenir de l'aide.
Droit de rectification.
Vous avez le droit de faire rectifier vos données si elles sont inexactes ou incomplètes.
Droit d'opposition.
Vous avez le droit de vous opposer à ce que nous traitions vos Données à Caractère Personnel.
Droit de limitation
Vous avez le droit de nous demander de limiter le traitement de vos données personnelles.
Le droit à la portabilité des données.
Vous avez le droit de recevoir une copie des informations que nous détenons à votre sujet dans un format couramment utilisé, structuré et lisible par une machine.
Droit au retrait du consentement.
Vous avez également le droit de retirer votre consentement à tout moment si Sheet Music Scanner s'est appuyé sur votre consentement pour traiter vos données personnelles.
Veuillez noter que nous pouvons vous demander de prouver votre identité avant de répondre à des demandes de cette nature.
Vous avez le droit de déposer plainte auprès d'une autorité de protection des données au sujet de notre collecte et de notre utilisation de vos Données à Caractère Personnel. Pour plus de précisions, veuillez contacter l'autorité de protection des données la plus proche de vous dans l'Espace économique européen (EEE).
Prestataires de services
Nous pouvons faire appel à des sociétés tierces et à des tierces personnes pour faciliter la prestation de notre Service ("Prestataires de Services"), assurer le Service en notre nom, assurer des services liés au Service ou nous aider à analyser la façon dont notre Service est utilisé.
Ces tiers n'ont accès à vos Données à Caractère Personnel que pour effectuer ces tâches en notre nom et il leur est interdit de les communiquer ou de les utiliser à quelle qu'autre fin.
Analyses
Nous pouvons faire appel à des Prestataires de Services tiers pour surveiller et analyser l'utilisation de notre Service.
Flurry Analytics
Le service Flurry Analytics est fourni par Yahoo! Inc.
Vous pouvez refuser le service Flurry Analytics pour empêcher Flurry Analytics d'utiliser et de partager vos données en vous rendant sur la page de refus de Flurry:
https://developer.yahoo.com/flurry/end-user-opt-out/
Pour plus de précisions sur les pratiques et politiques de confidentialité de Yahoo!, merci de consulter la page de sa politique de confidentialité:
https://policies.yahoo.com/xa/en/yahoo/privacy/index.htm
Liens pointant vers d'autres sites
Il se peut que notre Service contienne des liens pointant vers d'autres sites que nous n'exploitons pas. Si vous cliquez sur un lien de tiers, vous serez redirigé vers le site de ce tiers. Nous vous recommandons vivement d'examiner la politique de confidentialité de chacun des sites que vous consultez.
Nous n'avons aucun contrôle sur le contenu, les politiques ou pratiques de confidentialité des sites ou services de tiers et déclinons toute responsabilité en ce qui les concerne.
Vie privée des enfants
Notre Service ne s'adresse pas aux personnes de moins de 18 ans ("Enfants").
Nous ne recueillons pas sciemment de données personnelles nominatives auprès de personnes de moins de 18 ans. Si vous êtes un parent ou un tuteur et que vous savez que votre Enfant nous a communiqué des Données à Caractère Personnel, veuillez nous contacter. Si nous apprenons que nous avons recueilli des Données à Caractère Personnel auprès d'enfants sans vérifier s'il y a consentement parental, nous faisons le nécessaire pour supprimer ces informations de nos serveurs.
Modifications de la présente Politique de Confidentialité
Nous nous réservons le droit d'actualiser notre Politique de Confidentialité de temps à autre. Nous vous informerons de toute modification en publiant la nouvelle Politique de Confidentialité sur cette page.
Avant que la modification ne prenne effet, nous vous en informerons par e-mail et/ ou en plaçant un avis bien en vue dans notre Service et nous actualiserons la "date de prise d'effet" qui figure en haut de la présente Politique de Confidentialité.
Nous vous conseillons de consulter la présente Politique de Confidentialité périodiquement pour prendre connaissance de toute modification. Les modifications apportées à la présente Politique de Confidentialité prennent effet lorsqu'elles sont publiées sur cette page.
Nous contacter
Pour toute question relative à la présente Politique de Confidentialité, veuillez nous contacter:
Par courrier électronique: support@sheetmusicscanner.com
Datenschutz-Richtlinie
Datum des Inkrafttretens: October 29, 2018
Sheet Music Scanner ("wir", "uns", "unser" usw.) betreibt die mobile App Sheet Music Scanner (nachstehend als "Dienst" bezeichnet).
Diese Seite enthält Informationen zu der Art und Weise, auf welche wir personenbezogene Daten erfassen, nutzen und offenlegen, wenn Sie unseren Dienst nutzen, sowie zu den Optionen, die Ihnen im Zusammenhang mit diesen Daten zur Verfügung stehen.
Wir nutzen Ihre Daten zur Bereitstellung und Verbesserung unseres Dienstes. Durch Inanspruchnahme des Dienstes erklären Sie sich mit der Erfassung und Nutzung von Daten durch uns nach Maßgabe dieser Richtlinie einverstanden. Soweit in dieser Datenschutz-Richtlinie nicht jeweils etwas anderes angegeben ist, kommt den in dieser Datenschutz-Richtlinie vorkommenden Begriffen jeweils dieselbe Bedeutung zu, die diesen in unseren Allgemeinen Geschäftsbedingungen (Terms and Conditions) zugewiesen wurde.
Begriffsbestimmungen
Dienst
Der Dienst ist die von dem Sheet Music Scanner betriebene mobile App Sheet Music Scanner
Personenbezogene Daten
Personenbezogene Daten sind Daten, die sich auf eine lebende Person beziehen, welche anhand dieser Daten (bzw. anhand dieser Daten in Kombination mit weiteren Informationen, die sich bereits in unserem Besitz befinden oder mit Wahrscheinlichkeit in unseren Besitz gelangen werden) identifizierbar ist.
Nutzungsdaten
Nutzungsdaten sind Daten, die automatisch im Rahmen der Nutzung des Dienstes oder innerhalb der Dienstinfrastruktur selbst (beispielsweise für die Dauer eines Seitenbesuchs) erfasst werden.
Cookies
Cookies sind kleine Dateien, die auf Ihrem Gerät (Computer oder mobiles Endgerät) gespeichert werden.
Datenverantwortlicher
Der Datenverantwortliche ist eine natürliche oder juristische Person, die (entweder alleine oder zusammen mit weiteren Personen) die Zwecke sowie die Art und Weise festlegt, für bzw. auf welche personenbezogene Daten verarbeitet werden bzw. zu verarbeiten sind.
Für die Zwecke dieser Datenschutz-Richtlinie sind wir der Datenverantwortliche in Bezug auf Ihre personenbezogenen Daten.
Datenverarbeiter (oder Leistungsanbieter)
Ein Datenverarbeiter (oder Leistungsanbieter) ist eine natürliche oder juristische Person, welche die Daten im Namen des Datenverantwortlichen verarbeitet.
Wir können die Leistungen verschiedener Leistungsanbieter in Anspruch nehmen, um Ihre Daten auf effizientere Weise zu verarbeiten.
Datensubjekt (oder Nutzer)
Ein Datensubjekt ist eine lebende Einzelperson, die unseren Dienst in Anspruch nimmt und Gegenstand personenbezogener Daten ist.
Erfassung und Nutzung von Daten
Wir erfassen verschiedene Arten von Daten für eine Reihe von Zwecken, um den Dienst, den wir Ihnen zur Verfügung stellen, zu verbessern.
Arten der erfassten Daten
Personenbezogene Daten
Im Rahmen der Nutzung unseres Dienstes bitten wir Sie gegebenenfalls um die Zurverfügungstellung bestimmter persönlich identifizierbarer Daten, die wir dazu nutzen, um Sie zu kontaktieren oder zu identifizieren ("personenbezogene Daten"). Persönlich identifizierbare Daten umfassen beispielsweise folgende Daten (sind jedoch nicht auf diese beschränkt):
Cookies und Nutzungsdaten
Nutzungsdaten
Wenn Sie auf unseren Dienst mithilfe eines mobilen Endgeräts zugreifen, erfassen wir bestimmte Daten gegebenenfalls automatisch, unter anderem den Typ des von Ihnen genutzten mobilen Endgeräts, Ihre individuelle Geräteidentifikation, die IP-Adresse Ihres mobilen Endgeräts, Ihr mobiles Betriebssystem, den Typ des von Ihnen genutzten mobilen Internetbrowsers, individuelle Geräteidentifikationsmerkmale und weitere Diagnostikdaten ("Nutzungsdaten").
Tracking & Cookies
Wir setzen Cookies und ähnliche Tracking-Technologien zur Überwachung der Aktivität innerhalb unseres Dienstes ein und speichern in diesem Zusammenhang bestimmte Daten.
Cookies sind Dateien mit einem geringen Datenumfang, wie zum Beispiel anonyme einzigartige Identifikatoren. Cookies werden von einer Website an Ihren Browser gesendet und auf Ihrem Gerät gespeichert. Die sonstigen von uns eingesetzten Tracking-Technologien sind so genannte Beacons, Tags und Scripts und dienen der Erfassung und Nachverfolgung von Daten sowie der Verbesserung und Analyse unseres Dienstes.
Sie können in den Einstellungen Ihres Browsers bestimmen, ob Sie alle Cookies ablehnen oder nur bestimmte Cookies akzeptieren möchten. Falls Sie jedoch die Annahme von Cookies verweigern, können Sie gegebenenfalls Teile unseres Dienstes nicht in Anspruch nehmen.
Beispiele für von uns eingesetzte Cookies:
Sitzungs-Cookies.
Wir setzen Sitzungs-Cookies für den Betrieb unseres Dienstes ein.
Präferenz-Cookies.
Wir setzen Präferenz-Cookies ein, um Ihre Präferenzen und verschiedenen Einstellungen zu speichern.
Sicherheits-Cookies.
Wir setzen Sicherheits-Cookies für Sicherheitszwecke ein.
Datennutzung
Wir bei Sheet Music Scanner nutzen die erfassten Daten für verschiedene Zwecke, beispielsweise um:
Ihnen unseren Dienst zur Verfügung zu stellen und diesen aufrecht zu erhalten;
Ihnen Änderungen in Bezug auf unseren Dienst mitzuteilen;
es Ihnen auf Wunsch zu ermöglichen, an den interaktiven Teilen unseres Dienstes teilzunehmen;
Kundendienstleistungen zur Verfügung zu stellen;
Analysedaten und sonstige wertvolle Daten zu erfassen, damit wir unseren Dienst verbessern können;
die Nutzung unseres Dienstes zu überwachen;
technische Probleme zu erkennen, zu vermeiden und zu beheben;
Rechtliche Grundlage für die Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten nach Maßgabe der Datenschutz-Grundverordnung (DSGVO)
Falls sich Ihr Wohnsitz innerhalb des Europäischen Wirtschaftsraums (EWR) befindet, hängt die rechtliche Grundlage von Sheet Music Scanner für die Erfassung und Nutzung der in dieser Datenschutz-Richtlinie beschriebenen personenbezogenen Daten von den von uns erfassten personenbezogenen Daten sowie von dem erfassungsspezifischen Kontext ab.
Wir bei Sheet Music Scanner können Ihre personenbezogenen Daten aus folgenden Gründen verarbeiten:
Wir müssen einen mit Ihnen eingegangen Vertrag erfüllen.
Sie haben uns hierzu Ihre Zustimmung erteilt.
Die Verarbeitung dient unseren legitimen Interessen, und diese sind Ihren Rechten gegenüber nicht nachrangig.
Die Verarbeitung dient der Einhaltung der gesetzlichen Bestimmungen.
Aufbewahrung von Daten
Sheet Music Scanner wird Ihre personenbezogenen Daten nur so lange aufbewahren, wie dies für die Zwecke dieser Datenschutz-Richtlinie erforderlich ist. Wir werden Ihre personenbezogenen Daten in dem Umfang aufbewahren und nutzen, wie es für die Erfüllung unserer gesetzlichen Pflichten (falls wir Ihre Daten beispielsweise zur Einhaltung anwendbarer Gesetze aufbewahren müssen), zur Beilegung von Streitigkeiten sowie zur Durchsetzung unserer rechtlichen Vereinbarungen und Richtlinien erforderlich ist.
Sheet Music Scanner wird außerdem Nutzungsdaten für interne Analysezwecke aufbewahren. Nutzungsdaten werden üblicherweise für kürzere Zeiträume aufbewahrt, soweit diese nicht für eine Verstärkung unserer Sicherheitsvorkehrungen oder eine Verbesserung der Funktionalität unseres Dienstes eingesetzt werden oder wir nicht gesetzlich zu einer längeren Aufbewahrung verpflichtet sind.
Übertragung von Daten
Ihre Daten, einschließlich personenbezogener Daten, können auf Computer übertragen – und auf solchen aufbewahrt – werden, die sich außerhalb Ihres Heimatstaates, Ihrer Heimatprovinz, Ihres Heimatlandes oder einer sonstigen Rechtsordnung befinden und somit Datenschutzgesetzen unterliegen, die sich von den Datenschutzgesetzen in Ihrer Rechtsordnung unterscheiden.
Falls Sie sich außerhalb von  befinden und sich dazu entscheiden, Daten an uns zu übermitteln, müssen Sie zur Kenntnis nehmen, dass wir Ihre Daten, einschließlich personenbezogener Daten, nach  übertragen und diese dort verarbeiten.
Ihre Zustimmung zu dieser Datenschutz-Richtlinie und eine nachfolgende Übermittlung von Daten Ihrerseits stellt eine Einverständniserklärung Ihrerseits zu der genannten Übertragung dar.
Sheet Music Scanner wird alle im zumutbaren Rahmen erforderlichen Schritte unternehmen um sicherzustellen, dass Ihre Daten auf sichere Weise sowie in Übereinstimmung mit dieser Datenschutz-Richtlinie behandelt werden, und dass Ihre personenbezogenen Daten nicht an Organisationen oder in Länder übertragen werden, hinsichtlich welcher keine hinreichenden Kontrollmechanismen in Bezug auf die Sicherheit Ihrer Daten und sonstigen personenbezogenen Informationen vorliegen.
Offenlegung von Daten
Geschäftstransaktion
Falls Sheet Music Scanner an einem Zusammenschluss, einem Unternehmenserwerb oder einem Verkauf von Vermögenswerten beteiligt ist, kann dies zu einer Übertragung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten führen. Wir werden Sie vor einer solchen Übertragung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten, die dann einer anderen Datenschutz-Richtlinie unterliegen, entsprechend informieren.
Offenlegung für Justizvollzugszwecke
Unter bestimmten Umständen ist Sheet Music Scanner gegebenenfalls verpflichtet, Ihre personenbezogenen Daten im Rahmen einer gesetzlichen Pflicht oder aufgrund einer gerichtlichen oder behördlichen Aufforderung offenzulegen.
Gesetzliche Anforderungen
Sheet Music Scanner kann Ihre personenbezogenen Daten unter Umständen offenlegen, wenn es unter Beachtung der Grundsätze von Treu und Glauben der Ansicht ist, dass dies zur Erreichung der nachfolgenden Zielsetzungen erforderlich ist:
zur Erfüllung einer gesetzlichen Pflicht
zum Schutz und zur Verteidigung der Rechte oder des Eigentums von Sheet Music Scanner
zur Vermeidung oder Untersuchung möglicher Fehlverhaltensweisen in Bezug auf den Dienst
zum Schutz der persönlichen Sicherheit der Nutzer des Dienstes oder der Öffentlichkeit
zur Vermeidung von Haftungsansprüchen
Datensicherheit
Die Sicherheit Ihrer Daten ist uns wichtig. Bitte vergessen Sie jedoch nicht, dass es keine Übertragungsmethoden über das Internet und keine elektronischen Speichermedien gibt, die 100 % sicher sind. Obwohl wir stets bemüht sind, kommerziell annehmbare Maßnahmen zum Schutz Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten umzusetzen, können wir eine absolute Sicherheit nicht garantieren.
"Do Not Track"-Signale
"Do Not Track" ("DNT") wird von uns nicht unterstützt. DNT ist eine Einstellung, die Sie innerhalb Ihres Browsers vornehmen können und die Websites mitteilt, dass Sie keine Nachverfolgung wünschen.
Sie können die DNT-Funktion auf der "Präferenzen"- oder "Einstellungen"-Seite Ihres Browsers ein- oder abschalten.
Ihre Datenschutzrechte im Rahmen der Datenschutz-Grundverordnung (DSGVO)
Soweit sich Ihr Wohnsitz innerhalb des Europäischen Wirtschaftsraums (EWR) befindet, haben Sie bestimmte Datenschutzrechte. Sheet Music Scanner ist bestrebt, zumutbare Maßnahmen umzusetzen, die es Ihnen erlauben, Ihre personenbezogenen Daten zu korrigieren, zu ändern, zu löschen oder deren Nutzung zu beschränken.
Falls Sie in Erfahrung bringen möchten, welche personenbezogenen Daten wir zu Ihnen gespeichert haben, und falls Sie eine Löschung Ihrer Daten aus unserem System wünschen, nehmen Sie bitte Kontakt zu uns auf.
Unter bestimmten Umständen haben Sie die folgenden Datenschutzrechte:
Das Recht auf Zugriff auf die Daten, die wir zu Ihnen gespeichert haben, sowie auf deren Aktualisierung bzw.
Löschung. Soweit dies jeweils möglich ist, können Sie auf Ihre personenbezogenen Daten direkt in dem Abschnitt mit Ihren Account-Einstellungen zugreifen sowie diese aktualisieren bzw. um deren Löschung bitten. Falls es Ihnen nicht möglich ist, diese Handlungen selbst vorzunehmen, nehmen Sie bitte Kontakt zu uns auf, damit wir Ihnen behilflich sein können.
Das Recht auf Berichtigung.
Sie haben das Recht auf Berichtigung Ihrer Daten, falls diese unzutreffend oder unvollständig sein sollten.
Das Recht auf Widerspruch.
Sie haben das Recht, einer Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten durch uns zu widersprechen.
Das Recht auf Beschränkung.
Sie haben das Recht, die Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten durch uns zu beschränken.
Das Recht auf Datenportabilität.
Sie haben das Recht, von uns die Aushändigung einer Abschrift der Daten, die wir zu Ihnen gespeichert haben, in einem strukturierten, maschinenlesbaren und üblichen Format zu verlangen.
Das Recht auf Zustimmungsrücknahme.
Sie haben außerdem das Recht, Ihre Zustimmung in Fällen, in denen Sheet Music Scanner rsich auf Ihre Zustimmung zur Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten verlassen hat, jederzeit zurückzunehmen.
Bitte nehmen Sie zur Kenntnis, dass wir vor einer Bearbeitung solcher Anfragen gegebenenfalls Ihre Identität überprüfen.
Sie haben das Recht, in Bezug auf die Erfassung und Nutzung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten eine Beschwerde bei einer Datenschutzbehörde einzulegen. Nähere Informationen in diesem Zusammenhang können Sie von der für Sie örtlich zuständigen Datenschutzbehörde innerhalb des Europäischen Wirtschaftsraums (EWR) erfragen.
Leistungsanbieter
Wir beauftragen gegebenenfalls dritte Unternehmen und Einzelpersonen ("Leistungsanbieter") mit Unterstützungsleistungen zum einfacheren Angebot unseres Dienstes, mit der Erbringung von Leistungen in unserem Namen, mit der Erbringung von mit unserem Dienst verbundenen Leistungen oder mit Unterstützungsleistungen zur Analyse der Art und Weise, auf die unser Dienst in Anspruch genommen wird.
Diese Dritten können auf Ihre personenbezogenen Daten nur in dem Umfang Zugriff nehmen, der für die Erfüllung der genannten Aufgaben in unserem Namen erforderlich ist, und dürfen diese für keine sonstigen Zwecke offenlegen oder nutzen.
Analytik
Wir beauftragen gegebenenfalls dritte Leistungsanbieter mit der Überwachung und Analyse der Nutzung unseres Dienstes.
Flurry Analytics
Flurry Analytics ist ein Angebot von Yahoo! Inc.
Sie können Flurry Analytics deaktivieren und so eine Nutzung und Teilung Ihrer Daten durch Flurry Analytics verhindern, indem Sie die Deaktivierungsseite von Flurry Analytics besuchen:
https://developer.yahoo.com/flurry/end-user-opt-out/
Weitere Informationen zu den Datenschutzmaßnahmen von Yahoo! können Sie auf Yahoo!s Webseite mit seiner Datenschutz-Richtlinie (Privacy Policy) einsehen:
https://policies.yahoo.com/xa/en/yahoo/privacy/index.htm
Links zu anderen Websites
Unser Dienst kann Links zu anderen Websites enthalten, die nicht von uns betrieben werden. Wenn Sie auf einen Drittlink klicken, werden Sie direkt auf die Website des betreffenden Dritten weitergeleitet. Wir empfehlen Ihnen dringend, sich jeweils die Datenschutz-Richtlinien aller von Ihnen besuchten Websites durchzulesen.
Wir haben keine Kontrolle über die Inhalte, Datenschutzvorschriften und -praktiken dritter Websites oder Dienste und übernehmen in diesem Zusammenhang keine Haftung.
Privatsphäre Minderjähriger
Unser Dienst richtet sich nicht an Personen, die das 18. Lebensjahr noch nicht vollendet haben ("minderjährige Personen").
Wir erfassen wissentlich keine persönlich identifizierbaren Daten zu minderjährigen Personen. Falls Sie ein Elternteil oder Vormund sind und es Ihnen bekannt wird, dass eine Ihrer Aufsicht unterstehende minderjährige Person uns personenbezogene Daten übermittelt hat, bitten wir Sie, mit uns Kontakt aufzunehmen. Falls uns bekannt wird, dass wir personenbezogene Daten einer minderjährigen Person ohne elterliche Zustimmung erfasst haben, setzen wir Maßnahmen zur Entfernung dieser Daten von unseren Servern um.
Änderungen dieser Datenschutz-Richtlinie
Wir können unsere Datenschutz-Richtlinie von Zeit zu Zeit aktualisieren. Jegliche solcher Änderungen teilen wir Ihnen mit, indem wir die aktualisierte Fassung auf dieser Seite veröffentlichen.
Wir werden Sie vor dem Inkrafttreten der betreffenden Änderung per E-Mail und/oder mittels einer sonstigen sichtbaren Mitteilung innerhalb unseres Dienstes informieren und das "Datum des Inkrafttretens" am Beginn dieser Datenschutz-Richtlinie aktualisieren.
Wir empfehlen Ihnen, diese Datenschutz-Richtlinie regelmäßig auf Änderungen hin durchzusehen. Änderungen dieser Datenschutz-Richtlinie werden im Zeitpunkt ihrer Veröffentlichung auf dieser Seite wirksam.
Kontaktaufnahme
Falls Sie Fragen zu dieser Datenschutz-Richtlinie haben, können Sie wie folgt Kontakt zu uns aufnehmen:
Per E-Mail: support@sheetmusicscanner.com
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://policies.yahoo.com/xa/en/yahoo/privacy/index.htm:
Terms
Privacy Center
Back
Privacy Center
Topics
Products
Third Parties
State Privacy Rights
Back
State Privacy Rights
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Iowa
Montana
Nebraska
New Hampshire
New Jersey
Oregon
Texas
Utah
Virginia
Washington
Dashboard & Controls
Relevant Advertising
Intellectual Property
Back
Intellectual Property
Counterfeit Goods
Counter Notice Process
Repeat Infringer Policy
Trademarks
Permissions
Closed Captioning
Community Guidelines
Terms
Privacy Center
Topics
Products
Third Parties
State Privacy Rights
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Iowa
Montana
Nebraska
New Hampshire
New Jersey
Oregon
Texas
Utah
Virginia
Washington
Dashboard & Controls
Relevant Advertising
Intellectual Property
Counterfeit Goods
Counter Notice Process
Repeat Infringer Policy
Trademarks
Permissions
Closed Captioning
Community Guidelines
Welcome to the Yahoo Privacy Policy
Last updated: December 2024
About Yahoo
Yahoo, previously known as Verizon Media, is a technology and media company that provides a range of services. We serve our consumers, partners, advertisers and talent through our portfolio of digital platforms, products and services offered under our AOL, Yahoo and other
brands
.
We provide control tools to help you manage your experience with us. If you have an existing Yahoo or AOL account, you will need to agree to this Privacy Policy. If you have not yet agreed to this Privacy Policy, the
legacy Yahoo Privacy Policy
or
legacy Oath Privacy Policy (for AOL)
still apply to your account. For Yahoo products or services that are accessed without signing in to an account, this Privacy Policy applies to those products and services as of May 25, 2018. If you are creating a new account, the terms below apply starting today.
Except as set out elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, when we refer to ‘Yahoo’, it means Yahoo Inc., the US-established company that supplies the Services to you (and acts as data controller of the personal data Yahoo collects when you use those Services).
Our Privacy Pledge
Our commitment is to put users first. We strive to be transparent about how we collect and use your information, to keep your information secure and to provide you meaningful choices.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information Yahoo, its affiliates and its house of global
brands
(“Yahoo,” “us,” “our” or “we”) collect, why we collect it and what we do with it. This policy applies to Yahoo
brands
, websites, apps, advertising services, products, services or technologies (we’ll collectively refer to these as “Services”). Additional privacy practices for certain Services can be found in
Details for Specific Products and Services
.
Your Controls
We believe you should have tools to control your information. You can find controls to manage or review your account information, marketing preferences, location data, and search history at
Privacy Controls
. Some of our Services provide additional controls and privacy practices. (
See, Details for Specific Products and Services
)
Information Collection and Use - General
Certain categories of information collected by Yahoo are necessary to use our Services, such as the information you must provide when registering for some Services.
We may collect and combine information when you interact with Yahoo Services information outlined below:
Information You Provide to Us.
We may collect the information that you provide to us, such as:
When you create an account with a Yahoo Service or brand. (Please note, when you use our Services, we may recognize you or your devices even if you are not signed in to our Services.) Yahoo may use device IDs, cookies, and other signals, including information obtained from third parties, to associate accounts and/or devices with you.
When you use our Services to communicate with others or post, upload or store content (such as comments, photos, voice inputs, videos, emails, messaging services and attachments).
Yahoo analyzes and stores all communications content, including email content from incoming and outgoing mail. This allows us to deliver, personalize and develop relevant features, content, advertising and Services.
When you otherwise use our Services, such as title queries, watch history, page views, search queries, view the content we make available or install any Yahoo software such as plugins.
When you sign up for paid Services, use Services that require your financial information or complete transactions with us or our business partners, we may collect your payment and billing information.
Device Information.
We collect information from your devices (computers, mobile phones, tablets, etc.), including information about how you interact with our Services and those of our third-party partners and information that allows us to recognize and associate your activity across devices and Services. This information includes device specific identifiers and information such as
IP address
,
cookie information
, mobile device and advertising identifiers, browser version, operating system type and version, mobile network information, device settings, and software data. We may recognize your devices to provide you with personalized experiences and advertising across the devices you use.
Location Information.
We collect location information from a variety of sources. You can learn more about and manage your location permissions on our
Locations page
and by visiting the location settings tool on your devices.
Information from Cookies and Other Technologies.
We collect information when you access content,
advertising
, sites, interactive widgets, applications, and other products (both on and off of our Services) where Yahoo data collection technologies (such as
web beacons
, development tools,
cookies and other technologies
, etc.) are present. These data collection technologies allow us to understand your activity on and off our Services and to collect and store information when you interact with Services we offer to partners.
This information also includes the content or ads served, viewed or clicked on; cursor and scroll movements on our Services; certain screen interactions and content you input on the Services; the frequency and duration of your activities; the sites or apps you used before accessing our Services and where you went next; whether you engaged with specific content or ads; and whether you went on to visit an advertiser's website, downloaded an advertiser’s app, purchased a product or service advertised, or took other actions.
Information from Others.
We collect information about you when we receive it from other users, third-parties, and affiliates, such as:
When you connect your account to third-party services or sign in using a third-party partner (like Facebook or Twitter).
From publicly-available sources.
From advertisers about your experiences or interactions with their offerings.
When we obtain information from third-parties or
other companies
, such as those that use our Services. This may include your activity on other sites and apps as well as information those third-parties provide to you or us.
How We Use This Information
We are able to deliver, personalize, and improve our Services by combining and using the information we have about you (including information we receive on and off our Services) to understand how you use and interact with our Services and the people or things you’re connected to and interested in. We also may use the information we have about you for the following purposes:
Provide, maintain, improve, and develop relevant features, content, and Services.
Analyze your content and other information (including emails, instant messages, posts
photos, attachments, and other communications
). You can review and control certain types of information tied to your Yahoo account by using
Privacy Controls
.
Fulfill your requests and when authorized by you.
Help advertisers and publishers connect to offer relevant advertising in their apps and websites.
Match and serve targeted advertising (across devices and both on and off of our Services) and provide
targeted advertising
based on your device activity, inferred interests and location information.
Contact you with information about your account or with marketing messages, which
you can also control
.
Associate your activity across our Services and your different devices as well as associate any accounts you may use across Yahoo Services together. We may associate activity and accounts under a single user ID.
Carry out or support
promotions
.
Conduct research and support innovation.
Create analytics and reports for external parties, including partners, publishers, advertisers, apps,
third-parties
and the public regarding the use of and trends within our Services and ads, including showing trends to partners regarding general preferences, the effectiveness of ads and information on user experiences. These analytics and reports may include aggregate or pseudonymized information.
Provide location-based Services, advertising, search results, and other content consistent with your
location settings
.
Combine information we have about you with information we obtain from business partners or
other companies
, such as your activities on other sites and apps.
Detect and defend against fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful activity.
We provide you with controls to manage your experience with us. For example, you can review or edit your
account information
, manage your
marketing preferences
, or
opt out of targeted ads
. If you opt out, you will continue to see ads, but they may not be as relevant or useful to you.
If you are located in the European Union or European Economic Area or in the UK (EU/EEA/UK), please see Section 10 “Our Legal Bases for Processing Information” for more information that applies to your use of our Services.
How We Share This Information
Yahoo shares information within its affiliated brands and companies. We also share information we have about you for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, including to provide Services that you have requested (including when you connect with
third-party apps and widgets
). We do not sell, license or share information that individually identifies our customers with companies, organizations or individuals outside of Yahoo unless one of the following circumstances applies:
With Your Consent.
We will share information with companies, organizations or individuals outside of Yahoo when we have your consent.
Within Yahoo.
Information may also be shared within Yahoo, including with other Yahoo Services and affiliates. Yahoo affiliates may use the information in a manner consistent with their privacy policies.
With Partners.
We may share your information with nonaffiliated companies who are:
Trusted Partners.
We provide user information to or enable the collection of user information by trusted partners who work on behalf of or with Yahoo based on our directions and in compliance with appropriate confidentiality measures.
Advertising, Analytics and Business Partners (Limited to Non-Personally Identifiable Information).
We may share aggregated or pseudonymous information (including demographic information) with partners, such as publishers, advertisers, measurement analytics, apps, or
other companies
. For example, we may tell an advertiser how its ads performed or report how many people installed an app after seeing a promotion. We do not share personally identifiable information (like phone number or email address) with these partners, such as publishers, advertisers, ad agencies, or analytics partners.
When you use third-party apps, websites or other products integrated with our Services, they may collect information about your activities subject to their own terms and privacy policies.
We allow
other companies
that show advertisements on our webpages or apps to collect information from your browsers or devices. Other companies' use of cookies and other data collection technologies are subject to their own privacy policies, not this one.
For Legal and Other Purposes.
We may access, preserve and disclose information to investigate, prevent, or take action in connection with: (i) legal process and legal requests; (ii) enforcement of the
Terms
; (iii) claims that any content violates the rights of third-parties; (iv) requests for customer service; (v) technical issues; (vi) protecting the rights, property or personal safety of Yahoo, its users or the public; (vii) establishing or exercising our legal rights or defending against legal claims; or (viii) as otherwise required by law.
This may include responding to lawful governmental requests. Learn more about how we
evaluate and respond to these requests
.
New Ownership.
If the ownership or control of all or part of Yahoo or a specific Services changes as a result of a merger, acquisition or sale of assets, we may transfer your information to the new owner.
Details for Specific Products and Services
Additional privacy practices for certain Yahoo Services are included
here
.
Information Security and Data Retention
Yahoo has technical, administrative and physical safeguards in place to help protect against unauthorized access, use or disclosure of customer information we collect or store.
Yahoo will retain your personal information for as long as necessary to provide the applicable Yahoo Services to you. In some cases, Yahoo has certain business or legal requirements that result in an obligation to retain your personal information for an extended period of time. These obligations may include financial record keeping, ensuring continuity of our products or services, security, fraud, and abuse prevention, or compliance with our legal obligations. In some limited cases, we may keep data for longer than needed for the purposes set out in the
Yahoo Privacy Dashboard
, such as: (i) replicating or backing up certain data to “offline” storage for disaster recovery purposes; (ii) truncating, redacting or summarizing raw data, log files and database records into statistical aggregate data or probabilistic data structures to understand long term trends; (iii) maintaining de-identified data for varying periods for research, reporting and product testing or development (in these cases, unique identifiers and linkages to existing data about you are broken or removed so that this data is no longer associated with you, your browser, or device); or (iv) keeping and using certain data to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes or enforce our agreements (for example, we might keep data associated with an account subject to litigation or a request from law enforcement). For specific information about your personal information or how your personal information is processed by a particular Yahoo product or service you may interact with, please log into the
Yahoo Privacy Dashboard
.
Protecting Children’s Privacy
Our Services are for a general audience. We do not knowingly collect, use, or share information that could reasonably be used to identify children under age 13 without prior parental consent or consistent with applicable law. With parental permission, a child under age 13 might have a Yahoo Family Account. Visit
Children's Privacy & Family Accounts
to learn more about children’s privacy at Yahoo.
Our Legal Bases for Processing Information.
We mainly rely on three separate bases to lawfully process your information. First, we need to process your information in certain ways to provide our services to you, in accordance with our Terms of Service. This processing is necessary to perform the contract between you and us. Second, where you have given us consent to use your information in certain ways, we will rely on your consent. Third, in certain cases, we may process your information where necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of third parties, where those legitimate interests are not overridden by your rights or interests. Occasionally, Yahoo may rely on other legal bases to process your information, such as to protect a user’s vital interests (such as where there is a risk of imminent harm) or to comply with a legal obligation. Please see our
Legal bases
page for more information.
Data Processing and Transfers
When you use or interact with any of our Services, you consent to the data processing, sharing, transferring and uses of your information as outlined in this Privacy Policy. Regardless of the country where you reside, you authorize us to transfer, process, store and use your information in countries other than your own in accordance with this Privacy Policy and to provide you with Services. Some of these countries may not have the same data protection safeguards as the country where you reside.
Yahoo processes information related to individuals in the EU/EEA/UK/Switzerland and receives that information from the EU/EEA/UK/Switzerland through various compliance mechanisms, including the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (DPF), the UK Extension to the DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF. Where appropriate, we also rely on other transfer mechanisms such as data processing agreements based on Standard Contractual Clauses adopted by the European Commission or the United Kingdom. For more information, please visit our
Data Transfer
page.
The United States and other non-EU/EEA/UK countries have different laws on data protection and rules in relation to government access to information. If you are based in the EU/EEA/UK, when your data is moved from your home country to a third country outside the EU/EEA/UK, some of these countries may not have the same data protection safeguards as your home country.
Other Important Information
This Privacy Policy Applies Only to Yahoo.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Yahoo does not own or control, or to people that Yahoo does not employ or manage. In addition, some affiliated products may have different privacy policies and practices that are not subject to this Privacy Policy.
Changes
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time, so you should check it periodically. If we make changes that are material we will provide you with appropriate notice before such changes take effect.
Questions & Suggestions
If you have questions, suggestions, or wish to make a complaint, please complete a
feedback form
or you can contact us at:
Yahoo
Customer Care - Privacy Policy Issues
770 Broadway, New York
NY 10003, USA
If you wish to contact our Data Protection Officer, you can do so by post to: Attn: Data Protection Officer, Yahoo EMEA, The EXO Building, North Wall Quay, Dublin 1, D01 W5Y2, Ireland.
Our Article 27 Representative can be contacted by email at
YahooGDPRrepresentative@mhc.ie
, or by post at:
MHC GDPR Representative
Mason Hayes and Curran Professional Services Limited
South Bank House
Barrow Street
Dublin 4
Ireland
Recent Updates
May 2018 - update to privacy notice;
October 2019 - Oath to Verizon Media name change;
October 2020 - updates to data transfers and legal bases; and
September 2021 - updates to reflect name change; additional information added regarding data retention;
September 2024 - updates to data transfers.
December 2024 - updates to Information from Cookies and Other Technologies; additional information added regarding data sharing with trusted partners.
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12