Introduction
Privacy statement summary
Who this privacy statement applies to and what it covers?
What information do we gather/track about you?
From where do we collect information?
What do we do with the information we gather/track?
With whom do we share the information we gather/track?
The measures taken to protect your personal information
How long we keep your information for?
Your rights
Right to complain
Changes to this privacy statement
Cookies
Using your social media details to register and log in to the Times of Malta website
Last revised: 14th April 2023
This notice discloses the privacy practices for timesofmalta.com, which are in compliance with
                        The Data Protection Act, Chapter 586 of the Laws of Malta and Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (GDPR).
We have adopted a set of information management guidelines which serve as the basis for our
                        customer and advertiser relationships. These guidelines have been developed with the
                        recognition that Internet technologies are rapidly evolving, and that underlying business models
                        are still not established. Accordingly, guidelines are subject to change. Any such changes will
                        be
                        posted on this page. Please check the Website regularly for any changes. If the changes
                        represent a material departure from our current practices with respect to the use of personal
                        information, the changes will be posted on this page thirty days prior to taking effect and
                        registered users will be notified via e-mail.
We are not responsible for the content or the privacy statements of websites to which we may
                        link.
This privacy statement explains what information we gather about you,
                    what we use that information for and who we give that information to. It also sets out your rights
                    concerning your information and who you can contact for more information or queries. Click on the
                    links below to take you to the more detailed sections of this statement:
This privacy notice is to let you know how we process your personal
                    data. This includes what you tell us about yourself, what we learn by having you as a customer, and
                    the choices you give us about direct marketing communications you want us to send you. This notice
                    explains how we do this and informs you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you. We
                    are committed to protecting your privacy and handling your information in an open and transparent
                    manner.
When this policy mentions “we” or “us,” it refers to the controller
                    of your information under this policy.
                    The legal person responsible for your personal data under this privacy statement is Allied
                    Newspapers Limited, a company registered in Malta at 341 Strickland House, St Paul Street, Valletta.
This privacy statement sets out how we will collect, handle, store
                    and protect information about you when:
providing services to you, by for example, giving you the opportunity, as a registered user of
                        our Website, to post comments on our Disqus portal;
you use “our Website” or;
performing any other activities that form part of the operation of our business, such as for
                        example, granting you, as a registered user of our Website, access to our
Digital Archive
as well as other services we provide for our registered
                        users.
When we refer to “our Website” or “this Website” in this policy we
                    mean www.timesofmalta.com.
This privacy statement also contains information about when we share
                    your personal data with other third parties (for example, our service providers).
In this privacy statement, your information is sometimes called
                    “personal data” or “personal information”. We may also sometimes collectively refer to handling,
                    collecting, protecting and storing your personal information as “processing” such personal
                    information.
We use many different kinds of personal information and group them as
                    follows.
Type of personal information
Description
Contact
Where you live and how to contact you.
Socio-Demographic
This includes details about your work or profession, nationality, education and where
                                you fit into general social or income groupings.
Transactional
Details about payments to and from your accounts with us.
Contractual
Details about the products or services we provide to you.
Locational
Data we get about where you are, which may come from your mobile phone, or the address
                                where you connect a computer to the Internet.
Behavioral
Details about how you use our products and services.
Technical
Details on the devices and technology you use.
Communications
What we learn about you from letters, e-mails and conversations between us.
Usage Data
Other data about how you use our products and services.
Consents
Any permissions, consents or preferences that you give us. This includes things like how
                                you want us to contact you.
We may collect or obtain such data because you give it to us (for
                    example in a form on our Website), or
                    because it is publicly available.
We require your full name and surname when submitting comments,
                    letters to the editor or questions to Times of Malta shows and we reserve the right to publish that
                    information along with your submission.
Other examples of what information we may collect about you include
                    the following:
During the free registration process to become a registered member of
                    our Website you are required to supply us with certain information about you such as your e-mail
                    address.
We also log IP addresses, or the location of your computer on the
                    Internet, for systems administration and troubleshooting purposes. We do not use IP address logs
                    to track your session or your behaviour on our site.
The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) says that we are
                    permitted to use personal information only if we have a proper reason to do so. This includes
                    sharing it outside Allied Newspapers Limited. The regulation says we must have one or more of these
                    reasons:
to fulfil a contract we have with you, or;
when it is our legal duty to do so, or;
when it is in our legitimate interest, or;
when you consent to it.
A legitimate interest is when we have a business or commercial reason
                    to use your information. But even then, it must not unfairly go against what is right and best for
                    you. If we rely on our legitimate interest, we will tell you what that is.
Here is a list of how we may use your personal information, and which
                    of the reasons we rely on to do so. Here we also tell you what our legitimate interests are.
What we use your personal information for
Our reasons
Our legitimate interests
To manage our relationship with you.
To develop new ways to meet our customers’ needs and to grow our business.
To develop and carry out marketing activities.
To study how our customers use products and services from us and other
                                        organisations.
To provide advice or guidance about our products and services.
Your consent.
Fulfilling contracts.
Our legitimate interests.
Our legal duty.
Keeping our records up to date, working out which of our products and services
                                        may
                                        interest you and tell you about them.
Developing products and services, and what we charge for them.
Defining types of customers for new products or services.
Seeking your consent when we need it to contact you.
Being efficient about how we fulfil our legal duties.
To develop and manage our brands, products and services.
To test new products.
To manage how we work with other companies that provide services to our
                                        customers and us.
Fulfilling contracts.
Our legitimate interests.
Our legal duty.
Developing products and services, and what we charge for them.
Defining types of customers for new products or services.
Being efficient about how we fulfil our legal and contractual duties.
To deliver our products and services.
Fulfilling contracts.
Our legitimate interests.
Our legal duty.
Being efficient about how we fulfil our legal and contractual duties.
Complying with regulations that apply to us.
To obey laws and regulations that apply to us.
To respond to complaints and seek to resolve them.
Fulfilling contracts.
Our legitimate interests.
Our legal duty.
Complying with regulations that apply to us.
Being efficient about how we fulfil our legal and contractual duties.
To run our business in an efficient and proper way. This includes managing our
                                        financial
                                        position, business capability, planning, communications, corporate governance,
                                        and audit.
Our legitimate interests.
Our legal duty.
Complying with regulations that apply to us.
Being efficient about how we fulfil our legal and contractual duties.
To exercise our rights set out in agreements or contracts.
Fulfilling contracts.
In the course of providing products and services to you, we will
                    collect or obtain personal data about you. We may also collect personal data from you when you
                    use this Website.
We may collect personal information about you from the following
                    sources:
When you apply for our products and services.
When you talk to us on the phone.
When you use our services on the web, via SMS, or from our ‘Times of Malta’ mobile
                        application.
In e-mails and letters.
When you participate in our polls.
If you take part in our promotions and competitions which we may offer from time to time.
We allow our Website users to share our content through the ‘ShareThis’
                    tool. Any information which you
                    may give, such as your e-mail or even another person’s e-mail, is subject to ‘ShareThis’
Privacy Policy
.
Payment and transaction data, such as for example, when you use our Premium services.
Profile and usage data. This includes the profile you create to identify yourself when you
                        connect to our Internet, mobile and telephone services. It also includes other data about how
                        you use those services. We gather this data from devices you use to connect to those services,
                        such as computers and mobile phones, using cookies and other Internet tracking software.
Social networks, such as when you log in to our Website through your social media accounts.
We will use your personal data to provide you with our products and
                    services. As part of this, we may use your personal data in the course of correspondence relating
                    to the products or services. Such correspondence may be with you, our client, our service providers
                    or competent authorities.
In addition to the purposes connected to the operation of our
                    business above, we may also use your personal data collected via our Website:
to manage and improve our Website;
to manage and respond to any request you submit through our Website.
Through Google Analytics we determine how often users visit our site,
                    what pages they visit when they do so, and what other sites they used prior to coming to this site.
                    We use the information we get from Google Analytics only to improve this site. Google Analytics
                    collects only the IP address assigned to you on the date you visit this site, rather than your name
                    or other identifying information. We do not combine the information collected through the use of
                    Google Analytics with personally identifiable information. Although Google Analytics plants a
                    permanent cookie on your web browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit this
                    site, the cookie cannot be used by anyone but Google. Google’s ability to use and share information
                    collected by Google Analytics about your visits to this site is restricted by the Google Analytics
Terms of Service
and the
Google Privacy Policy
.
                    You can prevent Google Analytics from recognising you on return visits to this site by disabling
                    cookies on your browser.
We have enabled Google signals in Google Analytics. This updates existing Google Analytics features
                    (advertising reports, remarketing, cross-device reports, and interest and demographic reports) to
                    provide aggregated and anonymized data from you, provided you have allowed personalized ads in your
                    Google account.
Google Signals involves cross-device tracking, which means that your personal data can be analysed
                    across devices. This feature allows us to understand how you interact on our website across multiple
                    devices and sessions. By enabling Google signals, data is collected and linked to your Google
                    account. Google can thus recognize, for example, articles viewed on our website via a smartphone and
                    those viewed on a laptop. Thanks to the activation of Google signals, we can launch cross-device
                    remarketing campaigns that would otherwise not be possible in this form. Remarketing means that we
                    can also show you our products and services on other websites.
In Google Analytics, Google signals also collect other visitor data such as location, search
                    history, YouTube history and data about your actions on our website. This gives us better
                    advertising reports from Google and more useful information about your interests and demographics.
                    This includes your age, what language you speak, where you live, or what gender you are.
                    Furthermore, social criteria such as your profession, your marital status or your income are also
                    added. All these characteristics help Google Analytics to define groups of people or target groups.
The reports also help us to better assess your behaviour, your wishes and interests. This allows us
                    to optimize and adapt our services and products for you. By default, this data expires after 26
                    months. Please note that this data collection only occurs if you have allowed personalized
                    advertising in your Google account. We reiterate that the data collected by us through this feature
                    is aggregated and anonymous data and never individual person data. In your Google account, you can
                    manage this data or delete it.
Using the e-mail addresses provided at registration, we periodically
                    send promotional e-mail to our subscribers about services we offer and our advertisers. You can
                    indicate on the registration form that you do not wish to receive e-mail information from us or
                    our advertisers. We may contact you regarding changes to the subscriber agreement as well as to
                    confirm registration.
We use e-mail links located in our contact us page to allow you to
                    contact us directly with any questions or comments you may have. We will use your e-mail address
                    to respond directly to these questions or comments.
To prevent unauthorised access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure
                    the appropriate use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and
                    managerial procedures to protect the information we collect online. The data controller
                    (i.e. the party who decides for what purpose personal data is to be held or processed) for the data
                    collected online, including but not limited to the personal information provided upon subscription,
                    is Allied Newspapers Limited.
Allied Newspapers Limited will ensure that:
personal data is processed fairly and lawfully;
personal data is always processed in accordance with good practice;
personal data is only collected for specific, explicitly stated and legitimate purposes;
personal data is not processed for any purpose that is incompatible with the purpose for which
                        the information is collected. (The processing of personal data for historical, statistical or
                        scientific purposes shall not be regarded as incompatible with the purposes for which the
                        information was collected);
personal data that is processed is adequate and relevant to the purposes of the processing;
no more personal data is processed than what is necessary for the purposes of the processing;
personal data that is processed is correct and up to date;
all reasonable measures are taken to complete, correct, block or erase incomplete or incorrect
                        data;
personal data is not kept for a period longer than is necessary;
personal data is not lost.
Disclaimer: Allied Newspapers Limited shall not be held liable for
                    any data errors in transmission not occasioned by itself, or for any unauthorised acts of third
                    parties.
We may disclose personal information if we are required and permitted
                    to do so by law, in accordance with the Mata Data Protection Act (Chapter 440 of the Laws of Malta)
                    and the GDPR.
We may also share your personal information within Allied Newspapers
                    Limited and these organisations:
Competent authorities (including authorities regulating us);
Market researchers;
Companies you ask us to share your data with;
Third parties that provide services to Allied Newspapers Limited in order to for us to be able
                        to provide you with our Website, in which case we have ensured by an agreement in writing that
                        such third parties provide an adequate level of protection.
We may share non-personal, de-identified and aggregated information
                    with third parties for several purposes, including data analytics, research, submissions, thought
                    leadership and promotional purposes.
We may also share your personal information if the make-up of Allied
                    Newspapers Limited changes in the future:
We may choose to sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business, or our assets. Or we may seek
                        to acquire other businesses or merge with them.
During any such process, we may share your data with other parties. We’ll only do this if they
                        agree to keep your data safe and private.
If the change to our Group happens, then other parties may use your data in the same way as set
                        out in this notice.
Please note that some of the recipients of your personal data
                    referenced above may be based in countries outside of the European Economic Area (EEA) whose laws
                    may not provide the same level of data protection.
                    In the event that we do so, we will ensure that there are adequate safeguards in place by means of a
                    data transfer agreement approved by the Information and Data Protection Commissioner in Malta or
                    based on standard contractual clauses approved by the European Commission for transfers of personal
                    data to third countries.
Read more on the
EU data protection site
.
We may need to collect personal information by law, or under the
                    terms of a contract, we have with you.
If you choose not to give us this personal information, it may delay
                    or prevent us from meeting our obligations. It may also mean that we cannot perform services needed
                    to run your subcription. It could mean that we cancel a product or service you have with us.
Any data collection that is optional would be made clear at the point
                    of collection.
We use a range of physical, electronic and managerial measures to
                    ensure that we keep your personal data secure, accurate and up to date. These measures include:
education and training to relevant staff to ensure they are aware of our privacy obligations
                        when handling personal data;
administrative and technical controls to restrict access to personal data on a ‘need to know’
                        basis;
technological security measures, including firewalls, encryption and anti-virus software;
physical security measures, such as staff security passes to access our premises.
Although we use appropriate security measures once we have received
                    your personal data, the transmission of data over the Internet (including by e-mail) is never
                    completely secure. We endeavour to protect personal data, but we cannot guarantee the security of
                    data transmitted to us or by us.
We will hold your personal data on our systems for the longest of the
                    following periods:
as long as you are a customer of Allied Newspapers Limited;
any retention period that is required by law;
the end of the period in which litigation or investigations might arise in respect of the
                        product and services.
After you stop being a customer, we may keep your data for periods of
                    time as allowed by law for one of those reasons:
To respond to any questions or complaints;
To show that we treated you fairly;
To maintain records according to rules that apply to us;
To comply with obligations that we may have at law;
In order to protect our legitimate interests, in which case we make sure that this does not
                        override your fundamental privacy rights at law.
You have various rights in relation to your personal data. In
                    particular, you have a right to:
obtain confirmation that we are processing your personal data and request a copy of the personal
                        data we hold about you;
ask that we update the personal data we hold about you, or correct such personal data that you
                        think is incorrect or incomplete;
ask that we delete personal data that we hold about you, or restrict the way in which we use
                        such personal data;
withdraw consent to our processing of your personal data (to the extent such processing is based
                        on consent);
receive a copy of the personal data concerning you, which you have provided to us, in a
                        structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and to transmit such personal data to
                        another party (to the extent the processing is based on consent or a contract);
object to our processing of your personal data.
To exercise any of your rights, or if you have any other questions
                    about our use of your personal
                    data, please e-mail our Data Protection Officer on
dpo@timesofmalta.com
or write to us at the address below:
Allied Newspapers Ltd
Times Of Malta,
Triq l-Intornjatur,
Mrieħel BKR 3000,
Malta
You may also use these contact details if you wish to make a
                    complaint to us relating to your privacy.
If you are unhappy with the way we have handled your personal data or
                    any privacy query or request that you have raised with us, you have a right to complain to the
                    Office of the Information and Data Protection Commissioner in Malta or the relative data protection
                    authority in your country. Find out on the IDPC website how to
send a compliant
.
We may modify or amend this privacy statement from time to time.
To let you know when we make changes to this privacy statement, we
                    will amend the revision date at the top of this page. The new modified or amended privacy statement
                    will apply from that revision date. Therefore, we encourage you to periodically review this
                    statement to be informed about how we are protecting your information.
When you visit any website including our Website, a cookie may be
                    sent to you. A cookie is a small piece of data sent from a website and stored in a user's web
                    browser while the user is browsing our Website. Every time the user loads the website, the browser
                    sends the cookie back to the server to notify the website of the user's previous activity. Your
                    browser sends these cookies back to the website every time you visit the site again, so it can
                    recognise you and can customise what you see on the screen according to your registered
                    preferences.
While browsing our Website cookies may be used in the following
                    scenarios:
For statistical purposes to track how many users we have and how often they visit our Website.
                        We collect information listing which of our pages are most frequently visited, and by which
                        types of users and from which countries.
We use other organisations to collect anonymous user information.
Other companies, such as Google AdSense, may use cookies to suggest and deliver content
                        through our Website which may interest you.
Advertisers may also use statistical cookies to track who has seen an advert and clicked on
                        it.
You can turn cookies off but if you do so, you may not be able to use
                    all services on our Website and you might see more pop-ups and other advertising. This is because
                    we won’t be able to limit what you see by using cookies. However, you will still be able to see
                    our editorial content.
By using this Website you are agreeing to the use of cookies as
                    described.
When you register and/or log in to our Website or mobile application using your Facebook login
                    details, you give permission to Facebook to share with us your email address and certain aspects of
                    your Facebook profile if you have made these public on your Facebook profile. This shall only
                    include your first and last name, age range, link to your Facebook profile, profile picture and
                    other information on your profile which you have made public. We do not have access to updates on
                    your Facebook profile. Prior to logging in through your social media account, you will be requested
                    to provide your consent to Facebook in this respect.
If you use your Google login details to register and/or log in to our Website or mobile application,
                    you give Google permission to share the personal data that you have made public in your Google
                    profile. This only includes your first and last name, your email address and whether your email
                    address has been validated, your age range, a link to your Google profile and, if you have one, your
                    profile picture. Prior to logging in via your Google account, you will be requested to provide your
                    consent to Google.
We will then use the personal data indicated to form a profile for our Website. If you disconnect
                    the link between Times of Malta and your Facebook or Google settings, we will no longer have access
                    to this data. However, we will still have the personal data that we received when you first set up
                    your account with us using your Facebook and/or Google profiles.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.sharethis.com/privacy/:
Opens in a new window
Opens an external website
Opens an external website in a new window
Close this dialog
This website stores data such as cookies to enable essential site functionality, as well as marketing, personalization, and analytics.
You may change your settings at any time or accept the default settings.
You may close this banner to continue with only essential cookies.
Privacy Policy
Storage Preferences
Marketing
Personalization
Analytics
Save
Accept All
Reject All
Privacy
To read our Privacy Policy in other languages please select below:
Francais
Español
Italiano
Português
Deutsche
日本語
Bahasa Indonesia
Melayu
Tagalog
हिन्दी
عربى
ShareThis is a division of
Predactiv, Inc.
, a data company. ShareThis takes privacy seriously. This Privacy Notice sets out what data we collect, how we collect it, why we process it, who we may share it with and, where the data we collect is personal data, your rights with respect to such personal data. ShareThis may change this Notice from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are up to date with any changes.
ShareThis is committed to processing information in accordance with applicable laws (including where applicable the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (“
GDPR
”) and the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) and as described in this Privacy Notice. For specific information about how ShareThis adheres to European, UK and Brazil data protection law and your rights as an EEA, UK, Swiss or Brazil data subject please click
here.
For information about how ShareThis adheres to applicable U.S. Privacy laws in States such as California, Colorado, Connecticut, Nevada, Oregon, Texas, Utah, Virginia, and Washington, please click
here
.
To access information for Publishers, please visit the Publisher Information page
here
.
To access Publisher Terms of Use, please click
here
.
Last Updated on: February 19, 2025
Opt-Out of Data Collection and Sharing
About ShareThis and Its Tools
ShareThis provides website operators (“Publishers”) with customizable social sharing tools, which makes sharing online content simple. Any user of a website can easily share anything on the web with their friends on social sites, such as Facebook, Twitter, Email, Digg, Reddit and more through using one of our tools on that website (“
ShareThis Icon
”).
ShareThis also collects pseudonymous data about internet users and how they interact with content, websites, and advertisements while online. Some of the data is collected via our tools such as the
ShareThis Icon
, and some is collected through third-party data providers via our parent company Predactiv. Certain data collected from each publisher related to the activity we observe on that publisher’s site is provided back to that Publisher. We also may license a larger data set (including the data collected via Predactiv) to advertisers, agencies, and other businesses (our “Customers”) to facilitate the delivery of relevant, targeted advertising and for a number of other reasons which are listed below.
We do this by using technology such as cookies and pixels (including the pixels and cookies of our customers) (“
ShareThis Publisher Applications
”) to gather information regarding the browsing and sharing activities of Internet users, both on websites that have the ShareThis Icon and similar tools installed on them. We also receive data from others who operate in the data analytics and advertising industries. We analyze and aggregate the data we collect to create groups of data (called audience segments) based on defined criteria.  For example, we segment into groups internet users who we believe have similar characteristics, interests, needs or behavioral patterns. Where we are able to infer that two or more browsers or devices are the same user or household, we may use that information to bolster our audience segments. We compile this data to provide analytics to our Publishers and license it to our Customers for a number of purposes as described below, including targeted advertising.
Targeted advertising has the aim of displaying advertising which is more likely to be of interest to internet users, based on analyses of their recent browsing and sharing activities and interactions with the website and adverts. It is also sometimes referred to as interest-based advertising or online behavioral advertising. For more information on this type of advertising,
click here
.
Contents
I. Data Collection and Use
II. The GDPR and Your Rights as a Swiss, EU, or UK Data Subject
III. The LGPD and Your Rights as a Brazil Data Subject
IV. The U.S. State Privacy Laws and Your Rights as a Data Subject
V. Data Sharing or Disclosure, Recipients of Your Data
VI. Commitments to Privacy Standards
VII. User Choices and Opt-out Rights
I.
Data Collection and Use
In order to offer our products and services, we collect and use data relating to the websites you visit to display personalized advertisements, provide analytics, and data modeling based on social sharing, by us or third parties. This data is pseudonymous personal data in that it may not be used directly by ShareThis to identify an actual person. This data does enable our systems to recognize your computer, device and/or browser over time. In many places, this pseudonymous data is considered personal data and/or personal information under applicable law.
We do not intentionally collect identifiable personal information such as your name, postal address, phone number, email address, credit card information, or anything else that can allow us or our customers to contact you directly as part of our products and services. We may collect identifiable personal information and even financial information such as payment or bank details if you are one of our Publishers or if you have a business relationship with ShareThis.
We have set out below the categories of data we process and why we process each category of data. Note: The categories of data we process under California law includes (a) Personal and Online Identifiers such as: IP address, mobile advertising IDs and similar pseudonymous UIDs and (b) Internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an internet website application, or advertisement.
Usage Data and Profile Information
1.1 Usage Data
We collect information about how
Internet users
browse the Internet and interact with online content and advertisements through our ShareThis Icon, the ShareThis Publisher Applications and user interactions with advertisements on the Internet. We call this “Usage Data”.
Usage Data includes:
The unique IDs of the cookie(s) placed on your web browser (example: 37d387ca-f68a-11e5-b87d-0e58954c72b1) and/or a hashed version of an email address which help us recognize your browser or device over time.
Information about the user’s browser and device
User agent string
Webpages viewed (including the URL addresses of such pages and search parameters, which may include search terms and key words) and the previous web pages that referred the user to that webpage
Time when webpages are viewed
Search queries from which users are directed to a webpage
Navigation from page to page
Interactions with the webpage, including items clicked or selected and content highlighted or copied
Shares of content including what content is shared and where – for example, the relevant social media site (e.g., Twitter, Facebook)
Geographic information such as country, city, state, or postal code.
IP addresses
Device IDs
Although the Usage Data listed above is not used by ShareThis to directly identify an actual person, it is considered to be personal data in many places.
1.2 Profile Information
We receive information about the content of the websites that you visit and information about the audience of those websites to enable us to infer and create groups of users who have similar characteristics, interests, or behavioral patterns. We combine the Usage Data with data we receive from third party advertisers, analytics vendors and data partners to create categories of data that are helpful to advertisers seeking to deliver a more personalized advertising experience. For example, if a user regularly views or shares content about shopping for a car, our systems may infer that this user may be interested in purchasing an automobile.  This practice is sometimes referred to as interest-based advertising, and a segment titled “interested in automobile” is sometimes referred to as an audience segment or a “profile.” When we group this data into profiles, we refer to it as
“Profile Information”.
We can infer this Profile Information (by reference to browser identifiers, not actual names) using the information we obtain from third parties about the likely content and characteristics of the users and audiences of the websites which are visited. For example, visitors to a particular website may have an interest in cars while visitors to a different website may typically be within a certain age or income range. Where we are able to infer that two or more browsers or devices are the same user or household, we may use that information to bolster our Profile Information.
The characteristics by which we group users relate to age ranges, income ranges, education, gender, product or activity interests and family composition (e.g., how many children in the family), on the basis of information available about the typical audience of websites they visit and content viewed.
In certain cases where Publishers that we work with utilize the “Google Analytics By ShareThis WordPress” plug-in on their websites, ShareThis uses a Google Analytics feature currently known as Google Analytics Demographics, in order to better understand the audience demographics of those Publisher websites, and to provide insights about those demographics to the Publishers that own or operate those websites. To learn more about Google Analytics’ privacy practices, please click
here
. To opt-out of Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on, please click
here
, or you may also visit the
NAI consumer choice page
.
In the U.S., ShareThis creates modeled segments based off of demographic attributes where those attributes are aligned with the target audience of products marketed by pharmaceutical drug companies.
ShareThis does not create Profile Information based on topics we believe to be sensitive under applicable law, or based on visits to adult entertainment websites.
1.3 How we obtain Usage Data and Profile Information
We collect Usage Data when your device visits our website, uses or interacts with our services (including sharing content with the ShareThis Icon), when your device visits Publishers’ websites that use ShareThis Publisher Applications, and when your device views or clicks advertisements that we serve or are served on our behalf. We do so by using cookies placed on your browser (to the extent that cookies are not-restricted by the browser), pixel tags, and HTTP headers (or other communication protocols) and the use of hashed email address. We may also use probabilistic IDs generated via the user agent string and IP address when cookies are restricted by the browser.
Our use of Cookies and other Tracking Technologies
Web Environment:
(desktop, tablet, and smartphone browsers)
ShareThis places cookies containing a UID on the browsers of visitors to websites that use ShareThis Publisher Applications. The ShareThis Publisher Applications also may enable cookies to be placed by ShareThis partners and our Customers to enable the synchronization of unique identifiers between ShareThis and our third-party partners and Customers.
Cookies:
Small text files that contain a string of characters and uniquely identify a browser. Many browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. However, you may be able to change your browser settings to refuse or otherwise restrict cookies. Check your browser’s “Help” files to learn more about handling cookies on your browser.
Below is a description of the cookies placed by ShareThis.
Cookie
Duration
Purpose
_stid
1 year
ShareThis cookie ID.
_stidv
10 years
ShareThis cookie ID version.
wordpress_test_cookie
Session
ShareThis cookie, tests if we have access to cookies.
pubconsent
13 months
ShareThis cookie set to indicate user has made a declaration about GDPR data collection for IAB TCF v1 format.
st_optout
10 years
ShareThis cookie set to indicate that user has opted out from data collection.
_ga
2 years
Google Analytics cookie used by ShareThis to distinguish users.
_gat
1 day
Google Analytics cookie used by ShareThis to distinguish users.
_gid
1 day
Google Analytics cookie used by ShareThis to distinguish users.
visopt_s
3 months
VWO cookie to see the number of times the browser was closed and reopened.
_vis_opt_test_cookie
Session
VWO session cookie to see if the cookies are enabled on the browser of the user or not. Helps in tracking the number of browser sessions of a visitor.
_vwo_uuid_v2
1 year
VWO cookie calculates unique traffic on a website.
intercom-id-fe2c9dmj
10 months
Intercom: Anonymous visitor identifier cookie for site visitors.
intercom-session-fe2c9dmj
7 months
Intercom: Identifier for each unique browser session. Session cookie is refreshed on each successful logged-in ping, extending it to 1 week from that moment. User can access their conversations and have data communicated on logged out pages for 1 week, as long as the session isn’t intentionally terminated with ‘Intercom (’shutdown’), which usually happens on logout.
pxcelBcnLcy
Sessions
ShareThis Tag Management System cookie to track latency on reporting beacon.
pxcelAcc3PC
1 day
ShareThis Tag Management System cookie to check whether third party cookies are accepted by the browser. This is only set if there is no incoming cookie in the request.
pxcelPage_c010
and/or
pxcelPage_c010_B
and/or
pxcelPage_c010_C
and/or
pxcelPage_c010_D
1 year
ShareThis Tag Management System cookie to track status of pixel rotation loading. ShareThis uses a different cookie for different groups of sites within the ShareThis network.
usprivacy
n/a
ShareThis reads if the usprivacy cookie is present in the publisher domain.
fpestid
13 months
Fpestid is a ShareThis cookie ID set in the domain of the website operator.
Pixel tags:
These are small blocks of code on a webpage which read and place cookies. When you visit a webpage, ShareThis’ pixel will see if your browser has a ShareThis cookie installed on it. If it doesn’t, the pixel will place the cookie. If the browser already has a ShareThis cookie, the pixel will “read” the cookie and will send us information such as the time you viewed a webpage, the type of browser used and your IP address. This is how we learn about your interests and enable our customers to deliver targeted advertising to you.
HTTP headers:
These are transmitted whenever a webpage is viewed, and contain technical information required to connect your browser to the webpage. This information may include information about the browser and the requested webpage. ShareThis collects this information.
Hashed emails:
Hashing an email is a cryptographic function. Hashing is a way of encrypting a piece of data, like an email address, into a hexadecimal string. By doing this, each email address becomes an unrecognizable jumble of numbers and letters. This technique doesn’t allow us to send you an email message or to identify who you are. However, it does allow us to recognize your browser or device in the same way that cookies help us to recognize your browser or device. ShareThis may obtain hashed emails from our advertising partners to help provide our products and services. We may also receive and hash emails you provide to our Publishers. For more information, and to better understand the choices available to you, please visit https://thenai.org/opt-out/ama-opt-out/.
Mobile Environments:
(Mobile applications)
To serve ads in mobile applications identifiers may be used, such as Google Advertising ID or Apple IDFA, depending on the operating system of your mobile device. The advertiser identifier does not identify you directly, but it enables advertisers and their technology partners to recognize your mobile device over time. Many of the mobile operating systems which provide these advertising IDs also provide the functionality to reset them and/or to record your opt-out choice. See your device manufacturer for more information or visit NAI Mobile opt-out page at
https://www.networkadvertising.org/mobile-choice/
.
Connected TV Environments:
(Mobile applications)
To serve ads onto TV streaming devices and smart TVs, pseudonymous advertising identifiers may be used. The advertiser identifier does not identify you directly, but it enables advertisers and their technology partners to recognize your smart TV and/or streaming device over time. Many streaming devices and smart TVs that provide these advertising IDs also provide the functionality to reset them and/or to record your opt-out choice. See your device manufacturer for more information or visit the NAI SmartTV opt-out page at https://thenai.org/opt-out/connected-tv-choices/.
Linking Environments:
(browsers and mobile apps used)
To serve you personalized advertisements and provide a seamless online experience, third party data partners that we work with may link your identifiers on the different environments you use. We may enable the linking of our Usage Data through cookie syncing. We do not use plain text information that may be used by ShareThis to identify you such as your name or address to operate the linking. Our data partners may use exact linking methods by leveraging the pseudonymous data collected through our technology such as advertising partner identifiers.
Probabilistic IDs
: Some browsers may block or otherwise restrict our ability to place cookies in the ShareThis domain. When this occurs, ShareThis may use a combination of user agent and IP address to help us recognize a browser or device over time.
You can manage cookies, change consents, or opt out of personalized ads using the mechanisms described in ‘
User Choices’
.
1.4 How we use Usage Data and Profile Information
We use Usage Data and Profile Information internally for the following business purposes:
To enable our tools to function;
Pursuant to our relationship with Google Analytics Demographics, to enable demographic reporting features we provide to our Publishers;
To link browsers and devices that we infer might belong to the same household;
To enable us to sync unique identifiers;
To enable ST to manage the security of our Website, tools, networks, and systems.
To comply with applicable laws.
We may also use Usage Data and Profile Information and/or audience segments and license such information to our Customers for the following business purposes including (where not prohibited under applicable law):
To enable the delivery of targeted advertising
To conduct market research and analytics in order to find meaningful patterns in the data that enables ShareThis to draw insights into how web Users generally behave. This may have specific application to companies seeking to better understand the characteristics of their target customer. It also may help hedge funds attempting understanding macro investment trends.
For data modeling in order to draw inferences. For example, to create lookalike audiences models.
To create modeled segments based off of demographic attributes.
To enhance security features or reduce fraud, including ad fraud,
To enhance addressability features that enable a company to recognize the same browser, device and/or user over time.
Our Customers who we share your data with may use this information to generate their own Profile Information. They may independently gain other demographical information about you through their own cookies or web beacons and combine it with the data we provide to them. While we ask our customers to avoid merging data received from ShareThis with identifiable personal data such as a clear email address (i.e., in violation of the
NAI Code of Conduct
), the use of cookies and pixel tags by these third-party advertisers, publishers, and ad networks are subject to their own privacy policies.  Please refer to the ‘Recipients of Your Data’ section of this Privacy Notice for more information about who we disclose your data to.
Children
ShareThis does not intentionally collect data from children and does not tailor any Profile Information or otherwise license data to enable targeting of children under 18 years of age. If you are a parent or guardian and believe we may be processing data of children you are responsible for, please see the section on User Choices and Rights, or contact us directly.
Emails from Users with ShareThis Icon
When you share to email with the ShareThis Icon, you choose how to connect to email from your device. We will only know what content you shared, and that you did so by means of email. We do not receive any information about the email itself, for example, your email address, the email address of the recipient or the content of your email. We are not responsible for the information shared by users via the ShareThis Publisher Applications.
Account Information
“
Account Information
” means the information which
Publishers
and
representatives of Publishers
provide when they register for an account with us and when they use their account.
Many of our services can be used without registering with us. However if you are a Publisher, or represent a Publisher, and want to use some of our enhanced features, you will need to register with us.
If you choose to register with us, you must be and you affirm that you are 18 years of age or older.
We do not sell or share registration information with third parties for direct marketing purposes.
Business contacts data
We may process your personal data if you are or your employer has a business relationship with us. For example, if you’re a Customer, a prospective Customer, a vendor/supplier of ours, or a business partner, we may process your data. The personal data we hold about you refers to your professional life (name, email address, billing address, office address, phone numbers, title, company you work for). We would have collected that information from exchanging emails or business cards, meeting at industry meetings or client sessions etc. We may process that data for a number of legitimate business purposes, including: a) to communicate with you within the context of our business relationship; b) to provide our products or services; c) for billing and invoicing purposes; and d) for sales, marketing and product promotional purposes ((e.g., uploading emails into LinkedIn and similar platforms to advertise new services to current and prospective Customers).
This data may also be processed for the purposes set out in the section ‘
General purposes which apply to all data.’
Employee and Job Applicants’ data
If you are an employee of ShareThis, or you apply for a role with ShareThis, in the US or in Europe, please refer to our HR Policy for information about how we process your data. These can be obtained from our HR department at
HR@ShareThis.com
.
Data Collected on ShareThis.com
This section sets out how we process data of
visitors of our corporate website
(our “Website”, ShareThis.com), apart from any
‘Usage Data and Profile Information’
and the
‘Account Information’
which relates only to Publishers who register with us.
When you visit our Website, you may choose to provide information to us voluntarily if you interact with ShareThis.com in certain ways, such as by applying for employment with ShareThis, or using one of our contact forms. This information is used only for the reasons for which it was collected, such as responding to your communication, and it is not shared with third parties other than trusted service providers who are contractually required to only use such data to fulfill the purpose for which it was collected.
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to collect data automatically when you visit ShareThis.com and use that information to help administer the Website, to remember your preferences, to conduct website analytics and for security and fraud prevention purposes.
Where we enable third parties to collect pseudonymous information on ShareThis.com (e.g., using cookies and pixels), that information may be viewed as a sale of data by ShareThis under applicable in certain jurisdictions such as California. To address this, we provide you with a privacy notice when you visit the Website and the opportunity to opt-out of these third-party data collection practices on our Website. We encourage you to visit the applicable policies of those third parties or visit www.aboutads.info to learn more about interest-based advertising and to see your opt-out choices from other participating companies that may be collecting and using data on ShareThis.com.
General purposes which apply to all data
There are a number of “general” reasons that ShareThis may process data on our systems. Many of them are required by applicable law and/or to help us ensure that the Internet remains a safe space. Some of them enable us to promote and grow our business. If you’d like additional information, please email privacy@sharethis.com.
We may also process data for the following purposes: a) as required by applicable law; b) to cooperate with competent legal authorities such as data protection regulators, the police and the FBI; c) to enforce our terms and conditions, including by obtaining advice and conducting legal proceedings; d) to protect our operations, property and interests, and those of third parties; e) to sell and promote the sale of our business and/or assets.
Finally, ShareThis may transfer information to a successor entity in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, sale of assets, bankruptcy, or other corporate change. If ShareThis is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our website of any change in ownership or uses of your information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your information.
II.
The GDPR and Your Rights as an EU, Swiss, or UK Data Subject
If you are located in the European Economic Area (EEA), the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) applies to our processing of personal data. If you are located in Switzerland, The Swiss Federal Data Protection Act applies to our processing of personal data. If you are located in the United Kingdom, then the Data Protection Act 2018 applies to our processing of personal data. These laws each grant those located respectively in the EEA, Switzerland, and the UK a set of clear privacy rights and imposes responsibilities on ShareThis as we process the personal data of data subjects located in those places. The ShareThis privacy policy outlines how and why ShareThis processes personal data. This section is designed to provide more information on how ShareThis adheres to the above data protection laws and your rights as a data subject. For purposes of this privacy policy, we’ll refer to the above data protection laws as “EEA Data Protection Laws” and data subjects located in the above places as “EEA Data Subjects.”
Definition of Personal Data
EEA Data Protection Laws define personal data broadly. As such, where Usage Data and/or Profile Information relates to an individual in the EEA, we treat it as personal data. Similarly, nearly all of the data collected from EEA Data Subjects in the context of our normal business operations is likely to be considered personal data. This includes: a) data collected via visits to ShareThis.com; b) data collected from Customers, Publishers and business partners; and c) data collected from employees and prospective employees.
Special Categories of Personal Data
ShareThis does not collect nor process any special categories of personal data with respect to EEA Data Subjects, and we do not create Profile Information of audience segments of such consumers based on special categories of personal data (i.e. data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, or trade union membership, genetic data, biometric data, data concerning health, or data concerning a natural person’s sex life or sexual orientation).
Legal Basis for Processing
EEA Data Protection Laws requires entities seeking to process personal data to have a valid legal basis for doing so. The legal basis utilized by ShareThis include: a) consent (our primary legal basis with respect to our Processing of Usage Data and Profile Information); b) legitimate interest (i.e., where we believe that our need to process the data and/or the value we deliver by processing such data is not outweighed by the rights of the data subject); c) where necessary for the performance of a contract; and d) where processing is necessary to comply with our legal obligations. We will endeavor to outline our legal basis for the most common types of processing conducted by ShareThis. For example, we may process
TC Strings
for the purpose of ensuring and being able to demonstrate that Users have consented to or not objected to the processing of their personal data in connection with targeted ads.
Cookie and Similar Tracking Technologies
– We endeavor to obtain consent for our placement of cookies, pixels and similar tracking technologies as required under the ePrivacy Directive as implemented throughout the EEA. As ShareThis does not have direct relationships with Internet users in many cases, we ask Publishers and other partners to obtain a consent on our behalf as described below.  Where we directly place cookies (e.g., via ShareThis.com) we directly obtain the consent from data subjects we’ve identified as being from the EEA or other place where consent is required.
Usage Data and Profile Information
– We obtain a consent for our placement of cookies as described above, and ShareThis also processes Usage Data and Profile Information with consent.
Website Data
– We collect personal data via ShareThis.com. Where that data is provided to ShareThis (e.g., via completing an online form), we consider it either Account Data and/or data collected pursuant to a business relationship which are described below. Where we place cookies via the Website, we use consent. Where data is collected automatically (e.g., log files containing IP addresses), we process such data via our legitimate interest and in order to maintain the Website and help us to a better job of personalizing the Website to the interests of visitors.
Account Data and Business Relationships
– We require some Publishers to setup an Account with ShareThis. Similarly, we maintain accounts containing personal data with most of the vendors who provide services to ShareThis, our Customers, our employees, and our business partners. If you are an employee of one of those entities, ShareThis may have your personal data including your name, your work email, or your work telephone number. For data subjects located in the EEA, Switzerland, or UK, we process this data under the legal basis of contractual necessity. In other words, we need to process this data in order to honor the terms of the contract between ShareThis and the Publisher, Customer, vendor, Etc. This includes maintaining an account and login credentials, billing and payment purposes, communicating with the other party, and fulfilling requests. Where we are seeking to market additional products and services to these entities, we will do so via legitimate interest unless applicable law dictates that we use consent (e.g., for email marketing).
General Purposes
– There are a number of instances where ShareThis processes personal data which are distinct from the descriptions provided above. For example:
Legal and Regulatory Compliance – Like most companies, ShareThis will process data in order to comply with law, cooperate with requests from competent legal authorities such as the police, and to pay taxes. The legal basis for this type of processing is necessary for ShareThis to meet our legal and regulatory obligations.
Enforcement of legal obligations – To enforce our terms and conditions, protect of our intellectual property and/or the rights of third parties, ShareThis processes personal data in these instances via our legitimate interest. This may include obtaining advice and conducting legal proceedings.
Sell and Promote our Business – ShareThis may choose to conduct, evaluate and/or promote the sale of our business via our legitimate interest.
Aggregated Data
– Where we aggregate data and remove digital identifiers (e.g., cookie IDs), we may use this data for internal research, marketing, and statistical analysis purposes.
Data Controller
ShareThis is generally a Controller of data with respect to the data processed as described above. Where the EEA Data Protection Laws apply to Usage Data and Profile Information and we share this data with our Customers, our Customers are independent controllers in relation to their processing of such data and they process it in accordance with their own privacy policies. ShareThis is also the controller of the data it collects via ShareThis.com.
Data Processors
ShareThis also has a number of agents and service providers who operate as processors of data on ShareThis’ behalf. These agents and service providers are only able to use the data as specifically directed by ShareThis and only to provide the services requested by us. They are also contractually obligated to process the data securely and under confidentiality obligations.
EEA Data Subject Rights
Where the EEA Data Protection Laws apply, such data subjects have certain rights, including: a) The right to be informed about the types of data being processed and the legal basis for processing; b) the right to access and see the data being processed; c) the right of rectification, to make corrections to data subject to processing; d) the right to erase data; e) the right to restrict processing of data; f) the right of data portability; g) the right to object to the processing of data and f) the right not to be subject to automated decision-making. Some of these rights apply only in certain circumstances and depend on the legal basis relied upon to process the data. As an example, the right to object applies to processing which is carried out because it is necessary for our legitimate interests and only if we cannot demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds which outweigh your rights, interests and freedoms. The same right does not apply to processing which is necessary for us to comply with our legal obligations or to perform a contract with you. These rights may extend to the personal data we place into cookies or similar tracking technologies.
Where processing is based on your consent, in accordance with the GDPR, the Swiss Federal Data Protection Act, and UK Data Protection Act (as applicable), you may withdraw that consent at any time, although any processing previously carried out will still be legal. In order to exercise your data subjects’ rights or if you have any questions about these rights, you can write to us at
privacy@sharethis.com
. We will endeavor to respond to any requests to exercise your rights within one month from when they are made, although this period may be extended in some cases in which case we will inform you before the expiration of the one-month period.
You also have the right to submit complaints to the supervisory authority in your jurisdiction. A list of supervisory authorities in the EEA can be found here:
https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_en
.
How ShareThis interacts with our Publishers on GDPR, Swiss, and UK Data Protection compliance
If you are in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, you may be familiar with websites asking you to consent to the use of cookies and similar technologies. If you are in the UK, you may see similar consent notices which pertain to the UK Data Protection Act. Where the ShareThis Applications are used to process personal data from data subjects in places where a notice and/or consent is required, our Publishers are required to notify you about the use of the ShareThis Applications, mention ShareThis as a third party who processes your personal data and ask you to consent to such processing as well as the placement of cookies.
Cross-border transfers of EEA, Swiss, and UK personal data
We generally process data in the United States. When we share data, we provide data to companies globally. In each case, we have safeguards in place which allow those transfers to happen in a way that ensures data is handled in accordance with the applicable law.
When we transfer personal data outside the EEA, Switzerland, or UK, unless the recipient or location to which the data is transferred has been approved by the appropriate authorities as providing an adequate level of protection for personal data, we put in place measures to ensure that the transfer complies with the applicable data protection law and that the personal data which is transferred is appropriately safeguarded.
When we enter into business relationships which involves the transfer of  personal data of EEA Data Subjects to the United States, we put in place reasonable transfer mechanisms such as the EU standard contractual clauses with the recipient. More information about international data transfers under the GDPR can be found at
https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/international-dimension-data-protection_en
.  If requested, we may make available a copy of such safeguards, as required by EAA Data Protection Laws.
Data Protection Officer and Representative
ShareThis has appointed a data protection officer to supervise our personal data processing-related activities, and to respond to requests as required.  Our DPO can be contacted as follows: Vincent Potier (ShareThis DPO):
dpo@sharethis.com
ShareThis’ representative in the UK is: ShareThis UK Limited of 10 John Street, London WC1N 2EB, UK.
ShareThis’ representative in the EU is: Verasafe and they may be reached at representative@sharethis.com.
III.
The LGPD and Your Rights as a Brazil Data Subject
If you are located in Brazil, then the Brazilian General Law for the Protection of Personal Data (LGPD) applies to our processing of personal data. The LGPD grants those located Brazil a set of clear privacy rights and imposes responsibilities on ShareThis as we process the personal data of data subjects located in Brazil. The ShareThis privacy policy outlines how and why ShareThis processes personal data. This section is designed to provide more information on how ShareThis adheres to the LGPD and your rights as a data subject located in Brazil.
Definition of Personal Data
The LGPD defines personal data broadly. As such, where Usage Data and/or Profile Information relates to an individual in Brazil, we treat it as personal data. Similarly, nearly all of the data collected from EEA, Swiss, and UK data subjects in the context of our normal business operations is likely to be considered personal data. This includes: a) data collected via visits to ShareThis.com; b) data collected from Customers, Publishers and business partners; and c) data collected from employees and prospective employees, as applicable.
Special Categories of Personal Data
ShareThis does not collect nor process any special categories of personal data with respect to data subjects in Brazil.
Legal Basis for Processing
The LGPD entities seeking to process personal data to have a valid legal basis for doing so. The legal basis utilized by ShareThis include: a) consent; b) legitimate interest (i.e., where we believe that our need to process the data and/or the value we deliver by processing such data is not outweighed by the rights of the data subject); c) where necessary for the performance of a contract; and d) where processing is necessary to comply with our legal obligations.
Brazil and Data Subject Rights
Where the LGPD applies, such data subjects have certain rights, including: a) The right to be informed about the types of data being processed and the legal basis for processing; b) the right to access and see the data being processed; c) the right of rectification, to make corrections to data subject to processing; d) the right to erase data; e) the right to restrict processing of data; f) the right of data portability; g) the right to object to the processing of data and f) the right not to be subject to automated decision-making. Some of these rights apply only in certain circumstances and depend on the legal basis relied upon to process the data. If you are located in Brazil and have questions about how ShareThis implements these rights, please email us at privacy@sharethis.com.
IV.
The U.S. State Privacy Laws (e.g., CCPA) and Your Rights as a Data Subject
A number of U.S. states (e.g., California, Colorado, Connecticut, Nevada, Oregon, Virginia, Utah and Texas) have enacted laws that may provide additional privacy protections for data subjects and users located into those states, including:
the right to see what data we have about you, your computer or device (i.e., the right to know),
the right to correct the data we have about you, your computer or device, or to port that data to a different provider (subject to limitations),
the right to delete the data we have about you, your computer or device (i.e., the right to delete), and
the right to opt-out of the sale or sharing of data about you, your computer or device to certain third parties (i.e., the right to opt-out from sales or sharing of your information) and the right to opt-out of profiling and/or targeted ads.
These U.S. state laws define personal information broadly. And as such, almost all of the information we collect is considered personal information under these laws. U.S. data subjects may send an email to
privacy@sharethis.com
to exercise those rights of visit data subject access page. California data subjects may also call us on our toll free CCPA privacy hotline at 1-800-272-1765. Some U.S. states provide you with the right to further appeal our determination to a consumer protection agency located in that state. For example:
Colorado – The Colorado Attorney General’s Office.
Maryland – Maryland Attorney General Consumer Protection Division.
Nebraska – Nebraska Attorney General’s Office.
New Hampshire – Data Privacy Unit of the Consumer Protection and Antitrust Bureau of the New Hampshire Attorney General’s Office.
New Jersey –  Division of Consumer Affairs in the Department of Law and Public Safety of New Jersey.
Texas – For denied appeals, visit the Texas Attorney General’s Office, Consumer Protection Division.
Virginia – For denied appeals, visit the Virginia Attorney General’s Office, Consumer Protection Division.
We do not treat users that exercise any of the above rights differently or otherwise discriminate against users exercising privacy rights. However, we may not be able to honor a right if doing so would violate applicable law. ShareThis does not sell data collected via our Website or the data we use to operate our business. However, we transfer personal information collected via the ShareThis Publisher Applications to third parties and as such are considered to have sold data over the past twelve months under California law, including any of the Usage Data, Profile Information and/or audience segments.
We generally ask only for the minimum information necessary to help us process a subject access or deletion request and will keep information pertaining to your request for up to two years. If you are a customer of ShareThis with a login and password to the ShareThis platform, we ask that you first direct your request to the person or persons at your organization that administers the relationship with ShareThis. California data subjects may also call us on our toll free CCPA privacy hotline at 1-800-272-1765.
CCPA Metrics for 2023
Pursuant to CCPA Regulation 999.317(g), ShareThis informs you of the following metrics:
Total
Whole
Part
Denied
a. The number of CCPA requests to know that ShareThis received, complied with whole or part and denied in 2023
0
0
0
0
b. The number of CCPA requests to delete that ShareThis received, complied with whole or part and denied in 2023
17
17
0
0
c. The number of CCPA requests to opt-out that ShareThis received via our email form, complied with whole or part and denied in 2023
9
9
0
0
d. The median number of days within which ShareThis substantively responded to requests to know, requests to delete and requests to opt-out
Total
Requests to know
0
Requests to delete
27
Requests to opt-out
Real Time
Total
e. The number of opt-out requests we received via the ShareThis opt-out page or industry opt-out pages worldwide in 2023 all of which resulted in the real-time placement of an opt-out cookie by ShareThis as described in this privacy policy.
7,524,354
V.
Data Sharing or Disclosure, Recipients of Your Data
We sell and/or share Usage Data, Profile Information and/or audience segments with the following types of businesses, and with the exception of Publishers, we view each of the below as our Customers:
Publishers – We provide analytics tools for Publishers based on the data collected via the ShareThis tools.
Advertisers and Retailers – companies seeking to better understand their customers so as to more effectively serve those customer’s needs
Advertising Agencies – companies that purchase advertising on behalf of other companies.
Advertising Technology Companies – companies that enable the delivery of advertising, mostly via digital channels, including demand side platforms, supply side platforms, advertising exchanges and ad servers.
Marketing Technology Companies – companies that enable the delivery of marketing messages via channels such as email and SMS.
Data Companies – companies that process data into profiles that enable other companies to market and advertise more effectively.
Professional Services Companies – Companies that provide high level strategy and analytic services.
Security or Fraud Prevention Vendors – Companies that help ensure the security and reliability of their customer’s data or infrastructure.
Investment Firms – Financial services companies and investment firms seeking to better understand how consumers use the Internet.
We share this information for the purposes listed in the section
‘Data Collection and Use
.’
Where the GDPR or similar privacy or data protection laws applies to Usage Data and Profile Information and we share this data with our Customers, our Customers are independent controllers in relation to their processing of such data and they process it in accordance with their own privacy policies.
Customers may share the data which they process with other third parties who are not mentioned in this Privacy Notice, in accordance with their own privacy policies.   As an example, they may use third party service providers to display advertising or other content on their behalf.
Please review some of our Customer’s privacy policies for more information:
LiveRamp:
https://liveramp.com/privacy/
AppNexus:
https://www.appnexus.com/platform-privacy-policy
Eyeota :
https://www.eyeota.com/privacy-policy
Lotame:
https://www.lotame.com/about-lotame/privacy/
Nielsen:
https://www.nielsen.com/legal/privacy-principles/nielsen-marketing-cloud-services-privacy-statement/
Retargetly:
https://retargetly.com/privacy-policy
1plusX:
https://www.1plusx.com/privacy-policy/
AptivIO:
https://aptiv.io/privacy-policy
Dunn & Bradstreet:
https://www.dnb.com/ca-en/utility-pages/privacy-policy.html
2. Other third-party agents and service providers
We share the data described in this Privacy Notice trusted agents with data storage and processing facilities such as Amazon Web Services who are required under contract to only process data according to our written instructions and we require them to use data only for the purposes of providing services to us and to implement security controls and to maintain the confidentiality of that information. Here are the categories of service providers utilized by ShareThis:
Cloud data storage providers such as Amazon Web Services;
Customer billing systems providers;
Email service providers offering tools to send emails on our behalf;
Website analytics providers such as Google analytics;
Customer relationship management software providers;
Vendors assisting us with legally required audits;
Third-party computer programmers helping ensure our systems are operating properly;
Job ticket support vendors helping us record issues and debug; and
Security vendors.
3. Data Retention
We have defined retention policies for different types of personal data. We only retain data for as long as necessary for the purpose for which we process it and only as long as it remains relevant, unless we need to retain it because we are required to do so by law, to defend and exercise claims, or for regulatory reasons.
3.1 Usage Data, Profile Information and Data Collected via ShareThis.com
We retain Usage Data and Profile Information for up to 13 months from the date of collection for targeted advertising, and for up to 36 months for insights and analytics. We also retain data collected via ShareThis.com for up to 36 months for analytics and to ensure that our website functions properly.
We may aggregate and anonymize data so that it can no longer be linked to a device or individual, therefore it ceases to be personal data, and we may retain this data for longer periods.
3.2 Account Information
We retain Account Information for as long as you have an active account with us. If you have not logged into any of our services with your username and password for a period of 14 consecutive months, we may deem your account as being inactive and delete your Account Information. This could result in the loss of data you may have saved and we do not accept liability for such deletion.
You always have the option to cancel your account with us at any time. Simply sign into the site and click on the My Account at the top of the page. Click on Edit Profile and then select Deactivate Account and follow the instructions. You may also request to have your Account Information removed by submitting a request to
privacy@sharethis.com
.
4. Data Security
The security of your information is a high priority to ShareThis. We have implemented industry-standard security measures.
While no transmission of data over the Internet is guaranteed to be completely secure, we strive to protect your data. It may be possible for third parties not under the control of ShareThis to unlawfully intercept or access transmissions of private communications. ShareThis cannot ensure or warrant the security of information you transmit to us.
VI.
Commitments to Privacy Standards
ShareThis promotes transparency and control for users as members of various self-regulatory programs. Some U.S. states provide you with the right to further appeal our determination to a consumer protection agency located in that state. For example:
Colorado – The Colorado Attorney General’s Office.
Maryland – Maryland Attorney General Consumer Protection Division.
Nebraska – Nebraska Attorney General’s Office.
New Hampshire – Data Privacy Unit of the Consumer Protection and Antitrust Bureau of the New Hampshire Attorney General’s Office.
New Jersey –  Division of Consumer Affairs in the Department of Law and Public Safety of New Jersey.
Texas – For denied appeals, visit the Texas Attorney General’s Office, Consumer Protection Division.
Virginia – For denied appeals, visit the Virginia Attorney General’s Office, Consumer Protection Division.
ShareThis is a member of the following self-regulatory programs:
Network Advertising Initiative (NAI):
ShareThis is a member in good standing with the NAI. The NAI offers an online
web opt-out platform
to allow consumers to express their choices and provides general information related to privacy and
Interest Based Advertising
.
The Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA):
ShareThis adheres to the Digital Advertising Alliance Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising.  The
DAA opt-out platform
offers the consumer a choice page to opt out from advertising services, and general information related to privacy.
European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA):
ShareThis adheres to the
European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance’s (“EDAA”) principles
.  The
EDAA opt-out platform
offers consumers in the European Union a choice page to opt out from advertising services, and general information related to privacy.
VII.
User Choices and Opt-out Rights
If you do not want to receive advertisements based on Usage Data and Profile Information collected by ShareThis on your current browser, you can change and manage your preferences in relation to the collection and processing of Usage Data and Profile Information by clicking the ShareThis opt-out button available on this privacy policy. When data subjects opt-out, ShareThis will stop profiling, engaging in targeted advertising and/or selling or otherwise transferring data about their browser or device to third parties in accordance with applicable law.
If you do not want to receive ads based on Usage Data collected by ShareThis whatever device or browser used, you must opt-out from our services for each device and each internet web browser.
Opt-Out of Data Collection and Sharing
Click below to “Limit Ad-Tracking” function on mobile devices:
Instructions by Google for most Androids:
Google Play Help
Instructions by Apple for iOS version 6 and above:
Apple Support Center
Furthermore:
This process does not mean you will stop seeing advertisements, but that the advertisements you do see will not be influenced by the Usage Data collected and Profile Information used by ShareThis.
If you have any questions about your opt-out rights, you can write to us at
privacy@sharethis.com
.
Browser environment:
(desktop, tablet, and smartphone browsers)
When you change your consents or opt out, an opt-out cookie will be set on your browser. We must maintain the opt-out cookie on your browser in order to recognize you as having opted out from our service. The ShareThis opt-out cookie is like any other cookie; therefore, if you clear that cookie from your browser, use a different internet browser, or use a new computer to access the internet you must go through the process again.
You can also opt out by visiting the following links.
Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”) Opt-Out Platform
Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”) Opt-Out Platform
European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (“EDAA”) Opt-Out Platform
The
Ghostery browser extension
is also a good tool to see a list of all third-party cookies on each website you visit and allows you to selectively opt out.
Note:
The opt-out tools above are currently cookie-based i.e., they set a cookie on your browser which tells us that you have opted out. This means that the opt-out will only function if your browser is set to accept third party cookies. If your browser is set to automatically reject cookies or if you remove all cookies from your browser, the opt-out mechanism will not work since we would not see an opt-out cookie on your browser.
Also keep in mind that cookies are browser based, therefore if you change browsers, operating systems, or computers you would need to opt out again.
Mobile environment:
While the opt-out methods described above often work for mobile web browsing, they are cookie-based and are therefore less reliable in mobile “app” environments that may not accept interest-based advertising cookies.
Instead, you can typically opt out at the mobile platform level by the “limit ad tracking” function within the settings, as described below. Though we do not collect data from mobile apps for interest-based advertising, we or third parties we work with may use such data collected by others in delivering interest-based ads.
Most Android Users:
To use the “opt-out of interest-based advertising” option, follow the instructions provided by Google here:
Google Play Help
.
Please note that this is a device setting and will disable interest-based ads from all providers, and not just for ShareThis.
iOS users:
(version 6 and above)
To use the “Limit Ad-Tracking” option, follow the instructions provided by Apple here:
Apple Support Center
.
Please note that this is a device setting and will disable interest-based ads from all providers, and not just for ShareThis.
Do Not Track
/ Opt-out Preference Signals
:
You may also stop the collection of your Usage Data by using the do-not-track function, opt-out preference signals, or similar privacy controls of your browser. ShareThis recognizes these do-not-track signals from your browser. As required by law, or where we are able to ascertain that such signals are enacted by you and not set by default by your browser, we will consider them to be an indication that you have opted out.
Onward Transfer/Data Privacy Framework:
ShareThis is a division of Predactiv, Inc. As such, ShareThis is a U.S.-based covered entity of Predactiv and participates in and has certified its compliance with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss U.S. DPF.  To read more about our compliance with DPF, please review Predactiv’s privacy policy
here
.
Contact Information
ShareThis, Inc.
3000 El Camino Real
Building 4, Suite 200
Palo Alto, CA 94306, USA
privacy@sharethis.com
We have appointed a data protection officer to supervise our personal data
processing-related activities, and to respond to requests as required. Our DPO can be contacted as follows:
Vincent Potier (ShareThis DPO): dpo@sharethis.com
ShareThis’ representative in the UK is: ShareThis UK Limited of 10 John Street, London
WC1N 2EB, UK
VeraSafe has been appointed as ShareThis’s representative in the European Union for data protection matters, pursuant to Article 27 of the General Data Protection Regulation of the European Union. If you are in the European Economic Area, VeraSafe can be contacted in addition to representative@sharethis.com, only on matters related to the processing of personal data. To make such an inquiry, please contact VeraSafe using this contact form: https://verasafe.com/public-resources/contact-data-protection-representative or via telephone at: +420 228 881 031.
Opt-out confirmed
Now, we can’t sell your data.
Close
Back to contents
EN
ES
DE
FR
IT
ZH-TW
PT
JA
132k
Shares
Share
Tweet
Pin
Email
Share
Share
Publisher Settings
Purposes
We and our partners can:
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
We have a legitimate interest for these purposes:
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Vendor Settings
Purposes
Vendors can:
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Special Purposes
Vendors can:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features
Vendors can:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features
Vendors can:
Use precise geolocation data
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Some partners do not ask for your consent to process your data, instead, they rely on their legitimate business interest. Personal data processed includes but is not limited to cookies, IP addresses, and URLs visited.
View our list of partners
to see the purposes they believe they have a legitimate interest for and object to legitimate interests on a per vendor basis.
Manage your settings
and object to purposes as a legitimate interest in general.
You can change your settings at any time, including by withdrawing your consent, by clicking on the cog icon in the bottom right hand corner.
Sub-policy 1
https://policies.google.com/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps