Privacy Policy
Introduction
Datateam Business Media Limited takes your privacy seriously. Below you can find more information about the personal data we collect, how we use it, and how we protect it. We endeavour to comply with relevant data protection legislation. This Privacy Policy covers:
acr-news.com
acrnewsawards.com
bathroomandkitchenupdate.com
bkuawards.co.uk
bmjindustryawards.co.uk
britishcasinoawards.co.uk
bsee.co.uk
bseedirectory.co.uk
buildersmerchantsjournal.net
buildingservicesforum.london
casinointernationalamericano.com
casinointernational-online.com
connectingindustry.com
convertermag.co.uk
datateam.co.uk
http://directory.convertermag.co.uk
diyweek.net
diyweekawards.co.uk
education-today.co.uk
electricalwholesalerawards.co.uk
electronicsindustryawards.co.uk
electronicsworkd.co.uk
ewnews.co.uk
footwearindustryawards.com
footweartoday.co.uk
gaminginternational.online
gardencentreupdate.com
globalamusementsandplay.com
heatingandventilating.net
housewaresinnovationawards.com
housewareslive.net
housewaresdirectory.co.uk
hvacrshow.com
ierawards.co.uk
innovativeelectricalretailing.co.uk
instrumentation.co.uk
measurementandsensors.com
onlinemanufacturing.irish
parkworld-online.com
printwearandpromotion.co.uk
printwearandpromotionlive.co.uk
processkey.co.uk
sensorsandinstrumentation.co.uk
skillfridge.co.uk
thevendies.co.uk
vendinginternational-online.com
Who we are?
Datateam Business Media Ltd is a B2B publishing, marketing and events company covering a host of business sectors from building services to retail and healthcare. With decades of business communication knowhow, the portfolio of Datateam business titles is a valuable hub of news and product information, offering registrants the opportunity to stay connected with the latest industry updates, and allowing advertisers to connect directly to decision makers through sponsorship opportunities, print and online advertisements and direct marketing campaigns. As such, any data you voluntarily give us may be shared within the group of companies. Each company is registered with the Information Commissioner’s Office (the UK’s independent body set up to uphold information rights) as a data controller.
Our business address is:
Datateam Business Media Limited
Registered office address: 15A London Road, Maidstone, Kent ME16 8LY
Telephone: +44 (0) 1622 687 031
www.datateam.co.uk
Registration Number in the Data Protection Register: ZA369905
Company number: 01771113
VAT ID: 927118425
If you have any questions regarding Datateam Business Media’s privacy policy, you can send us a message.
Other companies in Datateam Business Media Limited’s group:
PMGroup Worldwide Limited
Company number: 02244376
VAT ID: 528388707
Registration Number in the Data Protection Register: Z9333811
Registered office address: 15a London Road, Maidstone, England, ME16 8LY
Correspondence address: Mansard House, Church Road, Little Bookham, Surrey KT23 3JG
www.pmgrouplive.com
Pharma Times Media Limited
Company number: 09019637
VAT ID: 187032113
Registered office address: 15a London Road, Maidstone, England, ME16 8LY
Correspondence address: Mansard House, Church Road, Little Bookham, Leatherhead, Surrey, KT23 3JG
www.pharmatimes.com
Hayward Medical Communications Limited
Company number: 02625630
VAT ID: 596092111
Registration Number in the Data Protection Register: ZA321938
Registered office address: 15a London Road, Maidstone, England, ME16 8LY
Correspondence address: The Pines, Fordham Road, Newmarket, CB8 7LG
www.hayward.co.uk
Wisepress Limited
Company number: 01674260
VAT ID: 318386442
Registration Number in the Data Protection Register: Z6526276
Registered office address: 15a London Road, Maidstone, England, ME16 8LY
Correspondence address: 15 Lyon Road, London, SW19 2RL
www.wisepress.com
Biz Media Limited
Company number: 03035679
VAT ID: 311956901
Registration Number in the Data Protection Register: A8432122
Registered office address: 15a London Road, Maidstone, England, ME16 8LY
Correspondence address: Axe & Bottle Court, 70 Newcomen Street, England, SE1 1YT
What personal information we collect?
When registering on one of our websites, applying for a subscription or service, completing online or paper forms, or calling us, you may be asked to provide your full name, email address, postal address, phone number, job title, company name or other details about your job role or company, what sort of content you would like to hear about or how you would like to be contacted. We ask for this information to improve your experience and deliver content that is relevant to you.
Do we use ‘cookies’?
Datateam Business Media’s websites use a variety of technologies including cookies to understand how you use the websites. These include:
Google Analytics
, which builds up a standard internet log with information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We use this service to determine the amount of visitors to our site, and its separate parts. This information does not identify anyone.
Yudu Ltd
(address: Primrose Studios, Primrose Road, Clitheroe, Lancs., BB7 1BT; company registration number 4452936), which provides online publishing applications allowing us to upload our magazines online or provide mobile applications for iOS and Android. When you access the digital editions of our magazines, available online, or when you use our mobile applications Datateam Business Media will be the data controller, while Yudu Ltd will be the processor. We have an agreement in place ensuring your data is collected and processed in compliance with the law and it is kept secure. You can find more about the information Yudu collects in their privacy policy (
https://www.yudu.com/about/privacy
).
LeadBoxer
(address: Singel 542, 1017 AZ Amsterdam, Netherlands), which gives real-time information about who is on and interacting with our websites and lead generation assets.
ABC – Audit Bureau of Circulations Ltd
(Saxon House, 211 High Street, Berkhamsted, Hertfordshire, HP4 1AD) is an independent auditor, carrying out verification work with a high degree of skill and autonomy. They are data controller in common, verifying that we are capable of providing a particular service to industry-agreed standards. Please see “How do we use your information and when will we contact you?“ and “Do we share information with anyone else?” to understand how we share your personal data with ABC, the legal grounds for processing and for what purpose. You can view their Privacy Policy here:
abc.org.uk/privacy-policy
.
Datateam Business Media’s web servers automatically record information when you visit one of our websites. This includes your IP address, the date and time you visited our websites, the browser and language you use.
Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your web browser (if you allow), that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognise your browser, and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with personalised services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We use cookies to:
Provide access to certain parts of our websites
Keep track of selections you make when using some of our website tools
Understand and save user’s preferences for future visits
Keep track of advertisements and related performance
Track users’ website activity*
*We may use trusted third-party services that track this information on our behalf
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. The exact way will depend upon your internet browser and the settings are usually found under privacy or security – the
All about Cookies website
offers guidance for all modern browsers.
What happens if I disable cookies?
If you turn cookies off, some of the features that make your site experience more efficient may not function properly and some account management features may not work.
To find more about how we use cookies and what they are, please read our Cookie Policy.
Do Not Track browser settings
“Do Not Track” (DNT) is a feature offered by some browsers. When enabled it requests that your browsing is not tracked (such as by third party ad networks, social networks and analytic companies). Datateam Business Media does not currently support DNT requests.
Mobile Applications
When you download or use our applications on your mobile or other devices, we might access or store information on your equipment. In most cases such information is used in a similar way to a web browser cookie. It enables our apps to remember you or provide you with the personalised content you have requested.
Your web browser or device may provide us with the following information: device identifier, IP address, MAC address, IMEI number, app ID, GPS location.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you register on our websites, apps, during our events, place an order, subscribe to a newsletter or product, respond to a survey, fill out a form or enter information on our websites or apps.
How do we use your information and when will we contact you?
To analyse how our products and services are used
To improve the products and services we offer
To improve the user experience on our websites
To provide you with tailored services based on the preferences you have stated
To provide you with tailored services based on your usage patterns
To provide you with e-Alerts that you have subscribed to
To provide you with bespoke advertising based on your interests
To process transactions in a timely manner
To respond to any user enquiries (via live chat, email, telephone or post)
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other website feature
To send periodic service administration emails regarding your orders, products, services and preferences. This means we may contact you using the details you provided for reasons related to the services you subscribed to or your activity on our website (e.g. to remind you of your password, to update you with information about our events you’re attending, competitions you’re entering, and the outcome of your participation, deliver tickets to you, to let you know of any changes to our services, if our site and services are expected to experience downtime for maintenance, to notify you of updates to our Privacy and Cookies Polices or Terms and Conditions of use, to inform you that your account has become dormant or out of date and to ask if you would like to continue using it again before we close it).
To ask your views about our products or services.
To deliver the magazine you are subscribed to
For our legitimate interests, which have been balanced against your own interests:
Direct marketing – to inform you of new or similar products, upcoming events, industry news, identify business development opportunities and possibilities for new partnerships. We will process your data with the intention to contact you only if we think the communication, product or service is relevant to your interests. We’ll inform you upon registration that your data will be used in such manner and give you the option to opt-out either at the point of registration or with every subsequent communication.
Suppression – to make sure that we do not contact you in the future if you have expressed your wish to unsubscribe.
Personalisation – to personalise the content you see on our website, based on your interests and occupation, improving your experience.
Web analytics – to assess the number of visitors to different pages and optimise them for future marketing campaigns. Keeping your customer details up-to-date – we might use external sources or service providers to verify the accuracy of the customer data you submit, or ensure that your details are still correct after a certain period of inactivity.
ABC auditing – to demonstrate that we present our circulations in a factual and independently verified manner.
Miscellaneous processing connected to any of the above.
How do we protect your personal information?
Datateam Business Media is committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and protect the information we collect.
Any financial transactions are processed through a secure gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.
Do we share information with anyone else?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer personal data to third parties outside of our group of companies, unless: we have informed you of this and you have provided your consent; the disclosure is to fulfil our legitimate interest; or it is required or permitted by law (when government bodies and law enforcement agencies require us to).
We might share your information across our group of companies (PMGroup Worldwide, Pharma Times, Hayward, Wisepress and Biz Media), where these companies have the legitimate interest to process your personal information.
Additionally, we might share your details with website hosting partners, service providers and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or serving our users, where this is necessary to provide you with a service you have requested. Some of them might be based outside of the EU. We are transferring the data to them in a secure manner and we have agreements in place to protect your information.
Some of our titles are audited by ABC – Audit Bureau of Circulations Ltd. They are an independent auditor, carrying out verification work with a high degree of skill and autonomy. They are a data controller in common, verifying that we are capable of providing a particular service to industry-agreed standards. We share your personal data with ABC as we have the legitimate interest to do so. We have conducted an assessment to ensure that our interests do not contradict with your interests or fundamental rights. Please see “How do we use your information and when will we contact you?“ and “Do we share information with anyone else?” to understand how we share your personal data with ABC, the legal grounds for processing and for what purpose. You can view their Privacy Policy here:
www.abc.org.uk/privacy-policy
.
Non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third Party Links
Datateam Business Media’s websites contain links to external websites. These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content, activities or privacy of these linked sites and any data you share. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
How long will we keep your information?
We will hold your personal data for as long as is necessary for the relevant activity, or as long as is set out in any relevant contract you hold with us.
If you have not used or updated your account in the last two years we might class it as dormant or delete it. We will email you to remind you before deletion. Please check your inbox regularly to see if we have sent you any emails about this.
Your Rights
You have the following rights regarding processing of your personal information:
The right to request access to, or copies of, your personal information
You have the right to access your personal data and supplementary information free of charge, as well as find out for what purposes we process it. We will ask for proof of ID. The documents we accept are: passport, driving licence, birth certificate, utility bill (from last 3 months), current vehicle registration document, bank statement (from last 3 months), and rent book (from last 3 months). Please do not send over originals via post!
We will do our best to respond at least within one calendar month. If we need more time we will get in touch to let you know.
The right to request amendment to your personal information
You have the right to request from us to update or amend any personal information we hold about you that is inaccurate or incomplete.
The right to erasure or restriction of the processing of your personal information
You can request from us to delete or remove your personal data where there is no compelling reason for its continued processing. We can refuse your request if we have an overriding legitimate interest to continue the processing, if we need to comply with a legal obligation for the performance of a public interest task or exercise of official authority, archiving purposes in the public interest, scientific research, historical research or statistical purposes, or the exercise or defence of legal claims.
The right to withdraw consent
You can withdraw your consent for us to process your personal data for specific purposes. In this case we are permitted to store your personal information but not further process it for the specified purpose. We might keep only a few details in order to ensure we respect your wishes in the future.
You have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office
If you got in touch with us and you’re not happy with the outcome you can forward your complaint to the Information Commissioner’s Office (UK’s independent body set up to uphold information rights). You can find more about how to complain here:
https://ico.org.uk/concerns/
You can exercise all other rights at any time by contacting us by:
Emailing
data@datateam.co.uk
Post at 15A London Road, Maidstone, Kent ME16 8LY
How to unsubscribe from direct marketing?
Email us at
data@datateam.co.uk
Or follow the instructions at the bottom of any email you receive from us and we will promptly remove you from all specified correspondence.
Changes to our Privacy and Cookies Policy
We might update our Privacy or Cookie Policy from time to time. You may wish to check it each time you submit personal information to us. The date of the most recent revisions will appear on this page. If you do not agree to these changes, please do not continue to use our websites or to submit personal information to us. You can delete your account and information at any time. If significant changes are made, for example how we would like to use your personal information, we will provide a more prominent notice as an email notification of Privacy Policy changes.
Useful Definitions
Data or Personal Data
– means any information relating to an “identified or identifiable natural person” (‘data subject’); who can be identified, directly or indirectly by such information.
Process / Processing
– any handling of personal information, by manual or automated means, including but not limited to:  obtaining, recording, holding, organisation, adaptation, alteration, retrieval, consultation, disclosure, transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment, combination, blocking, erasure or destruction.
Processor
– any person (other than an employee of the data controller) who processes the data on behalf of the data controller.
Controller
– means the natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal data are, or are to be, processed.
Data subject
– an individual who is the subject of personal data.
Third Party
– any individual or organisation outside Datateam Business Media Ltd.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.yudu.com/about/privacy:
Privacy Policy
Version 1.3 - 11th March 2020
Data protection is of high priority for the management of YUDU Ltd. The use of the Internet pages of YUDU Ltd is possible without any indication of personal data; however, if a data subject (an individual who is the subject of personal data) wants to use special enterprise services via our websites, processing of personal data could become necessary. If the processing of personal data is necessary and there is no statutory basis for such processing, we generally obtain consent from the data subject.
The processing of personal data, such as the name, address, e-mail address, or telephone number of a data subject shall always be in line with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), and in accordance with the country-specific data protection regulations applicable to YUDU Ltd. By means of this data protection declaration, our enterprise would like to inform the general public of the nature, scope, and purpose of the personal data we collect, use and process. Furthermore, data subjects are informed, by means of this data protection declaration, of the rights to which they are entitled.
As the controller, YUDU Ltd has implemented numerous technical and organisational measures to ensure the most complete protection of personal data processed through our this websites. However, Internet-based data transmissions may in principle have security gaps, so absolute protection may not be guaranteed. For this reason, every data subject is free to transfer personal data to us via alternative means, e.g. by telephone.
In some instances YUDU will only be acting as the processor and not the controller (see definitions below). This will be the case if your organisation has entered into an agreement for specific services and in these cases the data privacy provisions are governed by the provisions set out on
www.yudu.com/about/gdpr
.
This will also be the case if you have subscribed or registered for a YUDU service on a website that is not the property of YUDU Ltd. An example would be when you have signed up for an App or subscription on the Apple Appstore, Google Play store, Window Store or a website that belongs to a company, organisation or publisher that is not owned by YUDU Ltd. In these circumstances your recourse under GDPR regarding the control of your data should directed to those organisations. YUDU maintains responsibilities for the processing of the data and any matters concerning processing can be directed to YUDU Ltd.
Navigate Privacy Policy
Definitions
Controller Details
Data Protection Officer Details
Cookies
Collection of Data & Information
Registering on YUDU website
Possibility of Contact
Function of Blog Comments
Routine Erasure of Personal Data
Rights of Data Subject
Data Protection of Applications
Data Protection for Application & Google Analytics use
Legal Basis for Processing
Legitimate Interests pursued by Controller or Third Party
Personal Data Storage Period
Provision of Personal Data as Statutory or Contractual Requirement
Existence of Automated Decision-Making
1. Definitions
The data protection declaration of YUDU Ltd is based on the terms used by the European legislator for the adoption of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Our data protection declaration should be legible and understandable for the general public, as well as our customers and business partners. To ensure this, we would like to first explain the terminology used.
In this data protection declaration, we use, inter alia, the following terms:
a)Personal data
Personal data means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (“data subject”). An identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person.
b) Data subject
Data subject is any identified or identifiable natural person, whose personal data is processed by the controller responsible for the processing.
c)Processing
Processing is any operation or set of operations which is performed on personal data or on sets of personal data, whether or not by automated means, such as collection, recording, organising, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction.
d)Restriction of processing
Restriction of processing is the marking of stored personal data with the aim of limiting their processing in the future.
e) Profiling
Profiling means any form of automated processing of personal data consisting of the use of personal data to evaluate certain personal aspects relating to a natural person, in particular to analyse or predict aspects concerning that natural person's performance at work, economic situation, health, personal preferences, interests, reliability, behaviour, location or movements.
f)Pseudonymisation
Pseudonymisation is the processing of personal data in such a manner that the personal data can no longer be attributed to a specific data subject without the use of additional information, provided that such additional information is kept separately and is subject to technical and organisational measures to ensure that the personal data are not attributed to an identified or identifiable natural person.
g)Controller or controller responsible for the processing
Controller or controller responsible for the processing is the natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of personal data; where the purposes and means of such processing are determined by UK or European Union law, the controller or the specific criteria for its nomination may be provided for by UK, European Union.
h) Processor
Processor is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes personal data on behalf of the controller.
i) Recipient
Recipient is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or another body, to which the personal data are disclosed, whether a third party or not. However, public authorities which may receive personal data in the framework of a particular inquiry in accordance with the UK, European Union or Member State law shall not be regarded as recipients; the processing of that data by those public authorities shall be in compliance with the applicable data protection rules according to the purposes of the processing.
j) Third party
Third party is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or body other than the data subject, controller, processor and persons who, under the direct authority of the controller or processor, are authorised to process personal data.
k) Consent
Consent of the data subject is any freely given, specific, informed and unambiguous indication of the data subject's wishes by a statement or by a clear affirmative action, signifies agreement to the processing of personal data relating to the data subject.
Back to contents
2. Name and Address of the controller
The Controller for the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), other data protection laws applicable in Member states of the UK or European Union and other provisions related to data protection is:
YUDU Ltd
Primrose Studios, Primrose Road
BB7 1DR Clitheroe
Lancashire
Phone: +44 1200420500
Email:
enquiries@yudu.com
Website:
www.yudu.com
Back to contents
3. Name and Address of the Data Protection Officer
The Data Protection Officer of the controller is:
Tom Stone - Technical Director
The address is:
YUDU Ltd
Primrose Studios, Primrose Road
BB7 1DR Clitheroe
UK
Phone: +441200420500
Email:
tom.stone@yudu.com
Website:
www.yudu.com
Any data subject may, at any time, contact our Data Protection Officer directly with all questions and suggestions concerning data protection.
Back to contents
4. Cookies
The web pages of YUDU Ltd use cookies. Cookies are text files that are stored in a computer system via an Internet browser. Many Internet sites and servers use cookies. Many cookies contain a so-called cookie ID. A cookie ID is a unique identifier of the cookie. It consists of a character string through which Internet pages and servers can be assigned to the specific Internet browser in which the cookie was stored. This allows visited Internet sites and servers to differentiate the individual browser of the data subject from other Internet browsers that contain other cookies. A specific Internet browser can be recognized and identified using the unique cookie ID.
HubSpot Cookies
We use the HubSpot platform for managing your consent to cookies, analytics, lead capture forms and triggering third party advertising cookies. To achieve this we have installed the HubSpot tracking code on our website. This will set a number of different cookies when you land on our website, dependent on whether you consent to, or decline cookies. These break down as follows:
a) Necessary Cookies
These are essential cookies that do not require consent.
(i) __hs_opt_out
This cookie is set giving you the choice to opt out of cookies.
This cookie is used by the opt-in privacy policy to remember not to ask you to accept cookies again.
It contains the string "yes" or "no".
It expires in 6 months.
(ii) __hs_do_not_track
This cookie can be set to prevent the tracking code from sending any information to HubSpot.
It contains the string "yes".
It expires in 6 months.
(iii) __hs_initial_opt_in
This cookie is used to prevent the banner from always displaying when you are browsing in strict mode.
It contains the string "yes" or "no".
It expires in seven days.
b) Analytics cookies
These are non-essential cookies controlled by the cookie consent banner you will see when landing on the website. You can opt out of these cookies by not giving consent.
(i) __hstc
The main cookie for visitor tracking
It contains the domain, utk, initial timestamp (first visit), last timestamp (last visit), current timestamp (this visit), and session number (increments for each subsequent session).
It expires in 6 months.
(ii) hubspotutk
This cookie keeps track of your identity. It is passed to HubSpot on form submission and used when deduplicating contacts in our HubSpot CRM deployment
It contains an opaque GUID to represent you, the current visitor.
It expires in 6 months.
(iii) __hssc
This cookie keeps track of sessions.
This is used to determine if HubSpot should increment the session number and timestamps in the __hstc cookie.
It contains the domain, viewCount (increments each pageView in a session), and session start timestamp.
It expires in 30 minutes.
(iv) __hssrc
Whenever HubSpot changes the session cookie, this cookie is also set to determine if you restarted your browser.
If this cookie does not exist when HubSpot manages cookies, it is considered a new session.
It contains the value "1" when present.
It expires at the end of the session.
Targetting/Advertising Cookies
These Cookies are used to deliver adverts more relevant to you and your buying needs. They are also used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as help measure the effectiveness of our digital advertising campaigns. They are placed by third party advertising networks on our behalf and with Yudu’s permission. They remember that you have visited yudu.com and this is shared with other organisations such as media owners.
You can opt out of these and continue to use the site. More information about these types of Cookies and opt out information can be viewed below.
i) Facebook
Facebook Pixel – this pixel allows us to track conversions and analytics data in order to measure and optimise our advertising campaigns. It also allows us to show you targeted advertising across the Facebook network with information relevant to the pages you visited on our website.
You can opt out of Facebook’s advertising by updating your
advertising settings
on your profile. You can also visit the
Facebook help
for more guidance on how to control the ads you see.
ii) Google Ads
Google Ads Conversion Cookies - let us track significant actions you performed on our website like contact form submissions. We use this information to optimise our Google Ads campaigns effectively.
Google Ads Remarketing Cookies – as a previous visitor, these let us show you ads across
Google's Display Network
that contain relevant information from pages you have viewed on our website.
You can opt out of Google Marketing Platform's use of conversion and remarketing cookies by visiting the
Google Marketing Platform opt-out page
or the
Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page
.
iii) LinkedIn
LinkedIn Insight Tag – this tag allows us to track conversions and collect analytics data in order to monitor and optimise our advertising campaigns. It also allows us to show you adverts across the LinkedIn network with relevant information based on the pages you previously viewed on our website.
You can opt out of LinkedIn’s targeted advertising by updating the
advertising settings on your profile. You can also visit the
LinkedIn help section
for more information on managing your advertising preferences on LinkedIn.
iv) Microsoft Advertising
Universal Event Tracking (UET) – we use this tag to track significant actions performed on our website, like when you complete a contact form. We use this information to optimise our Microsoft Advertising campaigns effectively.
As a previous visitor, this tag also allows us to show you ads across Microsoft's display network with information relevant to products you expressed interest in.
You can opt out of Microsoft Advertisig's use of conversion and remarketing cookies by visiting the
Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page
.
c) Live Chat Cookies - Zoho Sales IQ
We use a third-party platform called
Zoho Sales IQ
to offer live chat services on the YUDU website. This service requires cookies in order to load the live chat widget.
Our configuration uses first party cookies from Zoho Sales IQ to:
Provide basic chat widget functionality - storing chat window position on the screen, chat history across page loads and security functionality
Collect basic analytics information to improve performance - browser type, browser language, referring URL, files accessed, time zone and operating system
To maintain anonymity, we have excluded a pre-chat survey, letting you chat to YUDU without providing personal details. In addition, we have disabled advanced tracking features and switched-on IP address anonymisation.
Back to contents
5. Collection of general data and information
The website of YUDU Ltd collects a series of general data and information when a data subject or automated system calls up the website. This general data and information are stored in the server log files. Collected may be:
(1) the browser types and versions used,
(2) the operating system used by the accessing system,
(3) the website from which an accessing system reaches our website (so-called referrers),
(4) the sub-websites,
(5) the date and time of access to the Internet site,
(6) an Internet protocol address (IP address),
(7) the Internet service provider of the accessing system, and;
(8) any other similar data and information that may be used in the event of attacks on our information technology systems.
When using these general data and information, YUDU Ltd does not draw any conclusions about the data subject. Rather, this information is needed to:
(1) deliver the content of our website correctly,
(2) optimise the content of our website as well as its advertisement,
(3) ensure the long-term viability of our information technology systems and website technology, and;
(4) provide law enforcement authorities with the information necessary for criminal prosecution in case of a cyber-attack.
Therefore, YUDU Ltd analyses anonymously collected data and information statistically, with the aim of increasing the data protection and data security of our enterprise, and to ensure an optimal level of protection for the personal data we process. The anonymous data of the server log files are stored separately from all personal data provided by a data subject.
Back to contents
6. Registration on our website
The data subject has the possibility to register on the website of the controller with the indication of personal data. Which personal data are transmitted to the controller is determined by the respective input mask used for the registration. The personal data entered by the data subject are collected and stored exclusively for internal use by the controller, and for his own purposes. The controller may request transfer to one or more processors (e.g. a parcel service) that also uses personal data for an internal purpose which is attributable to the controller.
By registering on the website of the controller, the IP address—assigned by the Internet service provider (ISP) and used by the data subject—date, and time of the registration are also stored. The storage of this data takes place against the background that this is the only way to prevent the misuse of our services, and, if necessary, to make it possible to investigate committed offences. This data is not passed on to third parties unless there is a statutory obligation to pass on the data, or if the transfer serves the aim of criminal prosecution.
The registration of the data subject, with the voluntary indication of personal data, is intended to enable the controller to offer the data subject contents or services that may only be offered to registered users due to the nature of the matter in question. Registered persons are free to change the personal data specified during the registration at any time, or to have them completely deleted from the data stock of the controller.
The data controller shall, at any time, provide information upon request to each data subject as to what personal data are stored about the data subject. In addition, the data controller shall correct or erase personal data at the request or indication of the data subject, insofar as there are no statutory storage obligations. A Data Protection Officer particularly designated in this data protection declaration, as well as the entirety of the controller’s employees are available to the data subject in this respect as contact persons.
Back to contents
7. Contact possibility via the website
The website of YUDU Ltd contains information that enables a quick electronic contact to us, as well as direct communication with us, which also includes a general address of the so-called electronic mail (e-mail address). If a data subject contacts the controller by e-mail or via a contact form, the personal data transmitted by the data subject are automatically stored. Such personal data transmitted on a voluntary basis by a data subject to the data controller are stored for the purpose of processing or contacting the data subject. There is no transfer of this personal data to third parties.
Back to contents
8. Comments function in the blog on the website
YUDU Ltd offers users the possibility to leave individual comments on individual blog contributions on a blog, which is on the website of the controller. A blog is a web-based, publicly-accessible portal, through which one or more people called bloggers or web-bloggers may post articles or write down thoughts in so-called blogposts. Blogposts may usually be commented by third parties.
If a data subject leaves a comment on the blog published on this website, the comments made by the data subject are also stored and published, as well as information on the date of the commentary and on the user's (pseudonym) chosen by the data subject. In addition, the IP address assigned by the Internet service provider (ISP) to the data subject is also logged.
This storage of the IP address takes place for security reasons, and in case the data subject violates the rights of third parties, or posts illegal content through a given comment. The storage of these personal data is, therefore, in the own interest of the data controller, so that he can exculpate in the event of an infringement. This collected personal data will not be passed to third parties, unless such a transfer is required by law or serves the aim of the defense of the data controller.
Back to contents
9. Routine erasure and blocking of personal data
The data controller shall process and store the personal data of the data subject only for the period necessary to achieve the purpose of storage, or as far as this is granted by the UK or European legislator or other legislators in laws or regulations to which the controller is subject to.
If the storage purpose is not applicable, or if a storage period prescribed by the UK or European legislator or another competent legislator expires, the personal data are routinely blocked or erased in accordance with legal requirements.
Back to contents
10. Rights of the data subject
a) Right of confirmation
Each data subject shall have the right granted by UK law or European legislation to obtain from the controller the confirmation as to whether or not personal data concerning him or her are being processed. If a data subject wishes to avail himself of this right of confirmation, he or she may, at any time, contact our Data Protection Officer or another employee of the controller.
b) Right of access
Each data subject shall have the right granted by UK Law or the European legislator to obtain from the controller free information about his or her personal data stored at any time and a copy of this information. Furthermore, the UK Law or European directives and regulations grant the data subject access to the following information:
the purposes of the processing;
the categories of personal data concerned;
the recipients or categories of recipients to whom the personal data have been or will be disclosed, in particular recipients in third countries or international organisations;
where possible, the envisaged period for which the personal data will be stored, or, if not possible, the criteria used to determine that period;
the existence of the right to request from the controller rectification or erasure of personal data, or restriction of processing of personal data concerning the data subject, or to object to such processing; the existence of the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority;
where the personal data are not collected from the data subject, any available information as to their source;
the existence of automated decision-making, including profiling, referred to in Article 22(1) and (4) of the GDPR and, at least in those cases, meaningful information about the logic involved, as well as the significance and envisaged consequences of such processing for the data subject.
Furthermore, the data subject shall have a right to obtain information as to whether personal data are transferred to a third country or to an international organisation. Where this is the case, the data subject shall have the right to be informed of the appropriate safeguards relating to the transfer.
If a data subject wishes to avail himself of this right of access, he or she may at any time contact our Data Protection Officer or another employee of the controller.
c) Right to rectification
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller without undue delay the rectification of inaccurate personal data concerning him or her. Taking into account the purposes of the processing, the data subject shall have the right to have incomplete personal data completed, including by means of providing a supplementary statement.
If a data subject wishes to exercise this right to rectification, he or she may, at any time, contact our Data Protection Officer or another employee of the controller.
d) Right to erasure (Right to be forgotten)
Each data subject shall have the right granted by UK Law or the European legislator to obtain from the controller the erasure of personal data concerning him or her without undue delay, and the controller shall have the obligation to erase personal data without undue delay where one of the following grounds applies, as long as the processing is not necessary:
The personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed.
The data subject withdraws consent to which the processing is based according to point (a) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR, or point (a) of Article 9(2) of the GDPR, and where there is no other legal ground for the processing.
The data subject objects to the processing pursuant to Article 21(1) of the GDPR and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for the processing, or the data subject objects to the processing pursuant to Article 21(2) of the GDPR.
The personal data have been unlawfully processed.
The personal data must be erased for compliance with a legal obligation in Union or Member State law to which the controller is subject.
The personal data have been collected in relation to the offer of information society services referred to in Article 8(1) of the GDPR.
If one of the aforementioned reasons applies, and a data subject wishes to request the erasure of personal data stored by YUDU Ltd, the data subject may at any time contact our Data Protection Officer or another employee of the controller. The Data Protection Officer of YUDU Ltd or another employee shall promptly ensure that the erasure request is complied with immediately.
Where the controller has made personal data public and is obliged pursuant to Article 17(1) to erase the personal data, the controller, taking account of available technology and the cost of implementation, shall take reasonable steps, including technical measures, to inform other controllers processing the personal data that the data subject has requested erasure by such controllers of any links to, or copy or replication of, those personal data, as far as processing is not required. The Data Protection Officer of YUDU Ltd or another employee will arrange the necessary measures in individual cases.
e) Right of restriction of processing
Each data subject shall have the right granted by UK Law or the European legislator to obtain from the controller restriction of processing where one of the following applies:
The accuracy of the personal data is contested by the data subject, for a period enabling the controller to verify the accuracy of the personal data.
The processing is unlawful and the data subject opposes the erasure of the personal data and requests instead the restriction of their use.
The controller no longer needs the personal data for the purposes of the processing, but they are required by the data subject for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
The data subject has objected to processing pursuant to Article 21(1) of the GDPR pending the verification whether the legitimate grounds of the controller override those of the data subject.
If one of the aforementioned conditions is met, and a data subject wishes to request the restriction of the processing of personal data stored by YUDU Ltd, he or she may at any time contact our Data Protection Officer or another employee of the controller. The Data Protection Officer of YUDU Ltd or another employee will arrange the restriction of the processing.
f) Right to data portability
Each data subject shall have the right granted by UK Law or the European legislator, to receive the personal data concerning the data subject, which was provided to a controller, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format.
In Sentinel Hotline we provide a download button that will deliver all the information that is held on an account. The data subject shall have the right to transmit those data to another controller without hindrance from the controller to which the personal data have been provided, as long as the processing is based on consent pursuant to point
(a) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR
or point (a) of Article 9(2) of the GDPR,
or on a contract pursuant to point (b) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR,
and the processing is carried out by automated means, as long as the processing is not necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the controller.
Furthermore, in exercising rights to data portability pursuant to Article 20(1) of the GDPR, the data subject shall have the right to have personal data transmitted directly from one controller to another, where technically feasible and when doing so does not adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.
In order to assert the right to data portability, the data subject may at any time contact the Data Protection Officer designated by YUDU Ltd or another employee.
g) Right to object
Each data subject shall have the right granted by UK Law or the European legislator to object, on grounds relating to the data subject’s particular situation, at any time, to processing of personal data concerning the data subject, which is based on point (e) or (f) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR. This also applies to profiling based on these provisions.
YUDU Ltd shall no longer process the personal data in the event of the objection, unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override the interests, rights and freedoms of the data subject, or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
If YUDU Ltd processes personal data for direct marketing purposes, the data subject shall have the right to object at any time to processing of personal data concerning the data subject for such marketing. This applies to profiling to the extent that it is related to such direct marketing. If the data subject objects to YUDU Ltd to the processing for direct marketing purposes, YUDU Ltd will no longer process the personal data for these purposes.
In addition, the data subject has the right, on grounds relating to the data subject’s particular situation, to object to processing of personal data concerning him or her by YUDU Ltd for scientific or historical research purposes, or for statistical purposes pursuant to Article 89(1) of the GDPR, unless the processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out for reasons of public interest.
In order to exercise the right to object, the data subject may directly contact the Data Protection Officer of YUDU Ltd or another employee. In addition, the data subject is free in the context of the use of information society services, and notwithstanding Directive 2002/58/EC, to use his or her right to object by automated means using technical specifications.
h) Automated individual decision-making, including profiling
Each data subject shall have the right granted by UK Law or the European legislator not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects concerning him or her, or similarly significantly affects him or her, as long as the decision;
(1) is not is necessary for entering into, or the performance of, a contract between the data subject and a data controller, or
(2) is not authorised by UK Law, European Union or Member State law to which the controller is subject and which also lays down suitable measures to safeguard the data subject's rights and freedoms and legitimate interests, or
(3) is not based on the data subject's explicit consent.
If the decision;
(1) is necessary for entering into, or the performance of, a contract between the data subject and a data controller, or
(2) it is based on the data subject's explicit consent, YUDU Ltd shall implement suitable measures to safeguard the data subject's rights and freedoms and legitimate interests, at least the right to obtain human intervention on the part of the controller, to express the data subject’s point of view and contest the decision.
If the data subject wishes to exercise the rights concerning automated individual decision-making, he or she may at any time directly contact our Data Protection Officer of YUDU Ltd or another employee of the controller.
i) Right to withdraw data protection consent
Each data subject shall have the right granted by UK Law or the European legislator to withdraw consent to processing of personal data at any time.
If the data subject wishes to exercise the right to withdraw the consent, the data subject may at any time directly contact our Data Protection Officer of YUDU Ltd or another employee of the controller.
Back to contents
11. Data protection for applications and the application procedures
The data controller shall collect and process the personal data of applicants for the purpose of the processing of the application procedure.
The processing may also be carried out electronically. This is the case, in particular, if an applicant submits corresponding application documents by e-mail or by means of a web form on the website to the controller.
If the data controller concludes an employment contract with an applicant, the submitted data will be stored for the purpose of processing the employment relationship in compliance with legal requirements. If no employment contract is concluded with the applicant by the controller, the application documents shall be automatically erased two months after notification of the refusal decision, provided that no other legitimate interests of the controller are opposed to the erasure. Other legitimate interest in this relation is, e.g. a burden of proof in a procedure under the General Equal Treatment Act (AGG).
Back to contents
12. Data protection provisions about the application and use of Google Analytics (with anonymisation function)
On this website, the controller has integrated the component of Google Analytics (with the anonymiser function). Google Analytics is a web analytics service. Web analytics is the collection, gathering, and analysis of data about the behaviour of visitors to websites. A web analysis service collects, inter alia, data about the website from which a person has come (the so-called referrer), which sub-pages were visited, or how often and for what duration a sub-page was viewed. Web analytics are mainly used for the optimisation of a website and in order to carry out a cost-benefit analysis of Internet advertising.
The operator of the Google Analytics component is Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy, Mountain View, CA 94043-1351, United States.
For the web analytics through Google Analytics the controller uses the application "_gat. _anonymizeIp". By means of this application the IP address of the Internet connection of the data subject is abridged by Google and anonymised when accessing our websites from a Member State of the European Union or another Contracting State to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. For the web analytics through Google Analytics the controller uses the application "_gat. _anonymizeIp". By means of this application the IP address of the Internet connection of the data subject is abridged by Google and anonymised when accessing our websites from the UK or a Member State of the European Union or another Contracting State to the Agreement on the European Economic Area.
The purpose of the Google Analytics component is to analyse the traffic on our website. Google uses the collected data and information, inter alia, to evaluate the use of our website and to provide online reports, which show the activities on our websites, and to provide other services concerning the use of our Internet site for us.
Google Analytics places a cookie on the information technology system of the data subject. The definition of cookies is explained above. With the setting of the cookie, Google is enabled to analyse the use of our website. With each call-up to one of the individual pages of this Internet site, which is operated by the controller and into which a Google Analytics component was integrated, the Internet browser on the information technology system of the data subject will automatically submit data through the Google Analytics component for the purpose of online advertising and the settlement of commissions to Google. During the course of this technical procedure, the enterprise Google gains knowledge of personal information, such as the IP address of the data subject, which serves Google, inter alia, to understand the origin of visitors and clicks, and subsequently create commission settlements.
The cookie is used to store personal information, such as the access time, the location from which the access was made, and the frequency of visits of our website by the data subject. With each visit to our Internet site, such personal data, including the IP address of the Internet access used by the data subject, will be transmitted to Google in the United States of America. These personal data are stored by Google in the United States of America. Google may pass these personal data collected through the technical procedure to third parties.
The data subject may, as stated above, prevent the setting of cookies through our website at any time by means of a corresponding adjustment of the web browser used and thus permanently deny the setting of cookies. Such an adjustment to the Internet browser used would also prevent Google Analytics from setting a cookie on the information technology system of the data subject. In addition, cookies already in use by Google Analytics may be deleted at any time via a web browser or other software programs.
In addition, the data subject has the possibility of objecting to a collection of data that are generated by Google Analytics, which is related to the use of this website, as well as the processing of this data by Google and the chance to preclude any such. For this purpose, the data subject must download a browser add-on under the link https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout and install it. This browser add-on tells Google Analytics through a JavaScript, that any data and information about the visits of Internet pages may not be transmitted to Google Analytics. The installation of the browser add-ons is considered an objection by Google. If the information technology system of the data subject is later deleted, formatted, or newly installed, then the data subject must reinstall the browser add-ons to disable Google Analytics. If the browser add-on was uninstalled by the data subject or any other person who is attributable to their sphere of competence, or is disabled, it is possible to execute the reinstallation or reactivation of the browser add-ons.
Further information and the applicable data protection provisions of Google may be retrieved under:
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
and under:
http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html
.
Google Analytics is further explained under the following link:
https://marketingplatform.google.com/about/analytics/
.
Back to contents
13. Legal basis for the processing
Art. 6(1) lit. a GDPR serves as the legal basis for processing operations for which we obtain consent for a specific processing purpose. If the processing of personal data is necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is party, as is the case, for example, when processing operations are necessary for the supply of goods or to provide any other service, the processing is based on Article 6(1) lit. b GDPR.
The same applies to such processing operations that are necessary for carrying out pre-contractual measures, for example in the case of inquiries concerning our products or services. If our company subject to a legal obligation by which processing of personal data is required, such as for the fulfilment` of tax obligations, the processing is based on Art. 6(1) lit. c GDPR.
In rare cases, the processing of personal data may be necessary to protect the vital interests of the data subject or of another natural person. This would be the case, for example, if a visitor were injured in our company and his name, age, health insurance data or other vital information would have to be passed on to a doctor, hospital or other third party. Then the processing would be based on Art. 6(1) lit. d GDPR.
Finally, processing operations could be based on Article 6(1) lit. f GDPR. This legal basis is used for processing operations which are not covered by any of the above mentioned legal grounds, if processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by our company or by a third party, except where such interests are overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject which require protection of personal data. Such processing operations are particularly permissible because they have been specifically mentioned by the Information Controllers Office under UK Law or the European legislator. TheICO and the European legislation considers that a legitimate interest could be assumed if the data subject is a client of the controller (Recital 47 Sentence 2 GDPR)
Back to contents
14. The legitimate interests pursued by the controller or by a third party
Where the processing of personal data is based on Article 6(1) lit. f GDPR our legitimate interest is to carry out our business in favour of the well-being of all our employees and the shareholders.
Back to contents
15. Period for which the personal data will be stored
The criteria used to determine the period of storage of personal data is the respective statutory retention period. After expiration of that period, the corresponding data is normally routinely deleted, as long as it is no longer necessary for the fulfilment of the contract or the initiation of a contract.
Back to contents
16. Provision of personal data as statutory or contractual requirement; Requirement necessary to enter into a contract; Obligation of the data subject to provide the personal data; possible consequences of failure to provide such data
We clarify that the provision of personal data is partly required by law (e.g. tax regulations) or can also result from contractual provisions (e.g. information on the contractual partner).
Sometimes it may be necessary in order to conclude a contract that the data subject provides us with personal data, which must subsequently be processed by us. The data subject is, for example, obliged to provide us with personal data when our company signs a contract with him or her. The non-provision of the personal data would have the consequence that the contract with the data subject could not be concluded.
Before personal data is provided by the data subject, the data subject may contact our Data Protection Officer if justified. Our Data Protection Officer clarifies to the data subject whether the provision of the personal data is required by law or contract or is necessary for the conclusion of the contract, whether there is an obligation to provide the personal data and the consequences of non-provision of the personal data.
Back to contents
17. Existence of automated decision-making
As a responsible company, we do not use automatic decision-making or profiling.
Back to contents
DIGITAL PUBLISHING SOLUTIONS
Online Magazines
Digital Catalogues
Digital Prospectus
Digital Brochures
Digital Textbooks
Business Documentation
LOGIN LINKS
Publisher Login
PRODUCTS AND PLATFORMS
Publisher
Sentinel
Reflowable Mode
Applications
RESOURCES
Blog
Case Studies
Publisher Help Desk
ABOUT US
Our History
Meet The Team
Ethics
YUDU Careers
Events
Press
Privacy
GDPR
Status of Services
Terms & Conditions
Sub-policy 1
http://www.abc.org.uk/privacy-policy:
Site Navigation
ABC Data
ABC Data
Reports & Certificates
Buy Data Subscription
Reporting Standards
Get Audited
Magazines
Newsbrands
Events (ABC Audit)
Events (UFI Audit)
Digital Media
Media Owner Support
Media Buyer Support
Certified Suppliers
Data & Research Partners
Submit Data
Assurance
Assurance
Digital Advertising
TAG Certifications
Brand Safety Certified
Certified Against Fraud
Certified Against Malware
Content Verification
Data Privacy
EDAA (European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance)
AATP Transparency Seal
EDAA Trust Seal
MRS (Market Research Society)
TV Market
Retail Media
Viewability
COUNTER
Bespoke Audits
Spiders & Robots
Marketing Support
News
News
Latest News
Press Enquiries
About
About
About Us
Our Board
Our Team
Our Commitments and Accreditations
Our History
Contact Us
FAQs
Home
Privacy Policy
Introduction
At ABC we take the responsibility of looking after personal data in our possession seriously. This policy explains who we are and what we do with individuals’ personal data. ‘Personal data’ in this context means data relating to a living individual who can be identified from that data, or can be identified from that data taken together with other information that we hold or we may be likely to obtain. The persons or organisation responsible for determining how and why your personal data is used is known as a ‘Data Controller’.
Who we are and how to contact us
What personal data we collect and where we get it from
What we do with your personal data and why
Sharing your personal data
Sending your personal data to other jurisdictions
Keeping your personal data secure
How long we keep your personal data
Your rights in relation to personal data
Updates to this policy
Contact us
Who we are
We are Audit Bureau of Circulations Ltd (‘ABC’), a company registered in England (number 259647).
We are an independent company that organisations in the media industry engage to:
Verify and report aggregated statistics related to their media products
Verify their organisation’s policies, processes and procedures for compliance with relevant standards
You can contact us:
By email:
dataprotection@abc.org.uk
By post: ABC, Charter House Black Prince Yard, 207-209 High Street, Berkhamsted, Herts, HP4 1AD, United Kingdom
What personal data we collect and where we get it from
The personal data we use can be divided into two key types:
Personal data that has been provided to us by our customers for the purposes of auditing their media products or their policies, processes and procedures against relevant standards
Personal data related to our customers or prospective customers. This includes employees at our customers and other individuals, typically in a business capacity, that use or access our services
For the purposes of auditing
When you transact with a media organisation, for example by buying a magazine, attending an event or visiting a website, they will collect your data and be responsible for it (i.e. they are a ‘data controller’). They will produce, by combining your transaction with others, aggregated statistics for their media products (for example a magazine’s circulation or an event’s attendance figure).
If that media organisation engages us to carry out an audit of their media product(s) they (or agents acting on their behalf) will pass to us the aggregated statistics and supporting information that is necessary for us to carry out the audit. We will therefore be acting as a ‘data controller in common’ with that media organisation in relation to this supporting personal data.
The information shared with us will be relevant to the media product being audited and may include (but not be limited to) the following types of personal data:
Name, job title, company, postal address, email address, telephone number, demographic information, responses to audit personal identifier questions, the fact that you requested or paid for the media product (and how much). This may include information you provide about other people (such as work colleagues) where we assume you have their permission to share this data
For online/digital activity (such as for websites or apps) log file records that may include IP addresses, unique device IDs, indicators of geographic location, cookies and web beacons associated with requests for access, or use of the media product
For ABC customers and prospective customers
If you are registering to use our products or services (or are a prospective customer) we will collect the personal data necessary to provide these services (or engage you regarding them) and keep you updated with information relevant to these services. These will be obtained from you via registration forms, contact with our employees or our website or may be obtained from other publicly available sources such as your website or publicly available directories. This may include (but not be limited to) the following types of personal data:
Name, job title, company, postal address, email address, telephone number. This may include information you provide about other people (such as work colleagues) where we assume you have their permission to share this data
What we do with your personal data and why
For the purposes of auditing
When verifying aggregated statistics:
We reconcile the total records provided with the organisation’s claimed aggregated figures (such as a publication’s circulation, an event’s attendance or a website’s visitors)
We select a sample of records to check against supporting information which may include personal data, such as subscription forms and payment records.
For some media products we may contact a sample of individuals to further verify a particular transaction. For example that you requested a particular magazine or that you attended a particular event. We aim to conduct this in the least intrusive manner using a means of contact that you provided to the media organisation. We will explain why we are contacting you and will not conduct any direct marketing.
When verifying whether a company’s policies, processes and procedures are compliant with relevant standards this may involve us reviewing personal data relevant to the product, to test how an organisation’s systems record and document transactions or activity.
We do not publish any personal data and none of our published output can be linked back to you. The public output of our audit work is a certificate or report on the media product (or organisation) that may include aggregated statistics relating to that product and its audience. You can view examples of these on our website
www.abc.org.uk
.
We do not use any data obtained for the purposes of auditing for any other purpose, such as direct marketing.
The lawful basis under which we use your Personal Data is legitimate interests. This is because on balance, and taking account of your own interests, we have determined that it is necessary for the legitimate business interests for us (and others) to use your personal data in carrying out the auditing of media product(s) and/or organisations’ policies, processes and procedures.
For ABC customers and prospective customers
We will use your personal data to deliver our products and services, manage your registration or subscriptions and communicate updates and relevant notifications and reminders.
The lawful basis which we apply for this purpose is that it is necessary for the performance of a contract or in order to take the steps prior to entering a contract.
We may send you marketing information about our products and services by post, email or telephone. If you wish to change how marketing messages are sent or wish to stop receiving them please contact us.
The lawful basis which we apply for this purpose is that, on balance, and taking account of your own interests, we have determined that it is necessary for our legitimate business interests to process your personal data for the purposes of direct marketing.
Sharing your personal data
We will only disclose personal data to other third parties (such as regulatory authorities) if we were legally compelled to do so, plus in the following circumstances:
When we share the results of our audit testing with the media organisation that supplied it to us. This would only be in the context of communicating any potential impact on the accuracy of the aggregated statistics arising from our conclusions.
When we share your information with third parties who provide services on our behalf and on our instruction (for example to carry out auditing work or for the storage of records supporting our audit work). These third parties will be subject to contractual obligations to keep your data secure.
Sending your personal data to other jurisdictions
If we transfer your personal data to processors outside the European Economic Areas (EEA) we will do so with appropriate measures and controls to ensure your privacy rights continue to be protected in accordance with the appropriate legislation.
Keeping your personal data secure
We will take specific steps (as required by applicable data protection laws) to ensure we take appropriate security measures to protect your personal data from unlawful or unauthorised processing and accidental loss, destruction or damage.
How long we keep your personal data
We will retain your information for as long as necessary for the uses set out in this policy unless a longer period is required or permitted by law.
Your rights in relation to personal data
Data protection legislation gives you a number of important rights:
Right of access
Subject to certain conditions, you are entitled to have access to your personal data (this is more commonly known as submitting a “data subject access request”). This right also means you can obtain information about how we process your personal information.
Right to data portability
Subject to certain conditions, you are entitled to receive the personal data which you have provided to us and which is processed by us by automated means, in a structured, commonly-used machine readable format.
Rights in relation to inaccurate personal or incomplete data
You may challenge the accuracy or completeness of your personal data and have it corrected or completed, as applicable. You have a responsibility to help us to keep your personal information accurate and up to date. We encourage you to notify us of any changes regarding your personal data as soon as they occur, including changes to your contact details or telephone number.
Right to object to or restrict our data processing
Subject to certain conditions, you have the right to object to or ask us to restrict the processing of your personal data.
Right to erasure
Subject to certain conditions, you are entitled to have your personal data erased (also known as the “right to be forgotten”). For example where your personal data is no longer needed for the purposes it was collected for, or where the relevant processing is unlawful.
Right to withdrawal of consent
As stated above, where our processing of your personal data is based on your consent you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
Rights in relation to automated decision making
We do not currently undertake any automated decision making including profiling. However if we do then you have the right to object in relation to automated decision making which has a legal effect or otherwise significantly affects you.
If you wish to exercise any of the above rights please contact us via the post or email address given above.
If you wish to make a complaint please contact us in order that we can look into the issue and respond. You also have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) which enforces data protection laws. For further information on your rights and how to complain to the ICO, please refer to the
ICO website
.
Updates to this policy
This privacy policy is held on our website or can be provided on request. We may update this policy from time to time and you may check to see if any changes have been made by referencing the date of the last update at the foot of the policy.
Contact us
You can contact us:
By email:
dataprotection@abc.org.uk
By post: ABC, Charter House, Black Prince Yard, 207-209 High Street, Berkhamsted, Herts, HP4 1AD, United Kingdom
This policy was last updated: April 2018
For information on cookies used on this site please refer to our
cookie policy
.
Was this page useful?
Yes
No
Email
8		+		2 =
Send feedback
Website
×
×
Like some help, a quote or have a general question?
Enter your details and we’ll be in touch as soon as we can.
Alternatively visit our
contact us page for more options
Email address
*
Your message
*
How did you hear about us?
Please select
Search Engine Result
Search Engine Ad
Social Media
Industry body referral
Newsletter
Other
Other
Submit
First Name
Contact us